,stars,rating,text
0,2,Negative,"The pizza was gross. we ordered mozarella sticks and they gave us three slices of pizza. we were told we could get a lighter pizza. we were told our pizza was fake. we were told our pizza was from Asia. they even asked us to return it. we told them $5 off. no mention of the pizza being fake. i would have thought they would have put the mention of """"lightweight pizza"""" on the menu. not only did the pizza not come through, it was frosting missing. we ended up just scrapping by taking the pizza home. it was not a great experience. the service was decent, but the food taste like it came from a food processor. something to think about."" ""light-touch pizza with a "
1,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i'm not a food critic and i'm not picky by any means, but when i see an entree that is 50/50 split between cpk and domino's, pizza and fries, and there is a 1/4 pizza thrown between them, that is just not right. the pizza at cpk is much better than the one at domino's, just ask us. the fries are good though."" ""my daughter got a dad joke sent to her from here. it said """"doughboy3rd"""". i can't even eat pizza unless it's boiling. this place is a joke. go to a different grimaldi's."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party "
2,2,Negative," The pizza was gross! it was unimaginably so. the toppings were decent but the dough tasted just like the big chains.  papa johns offered to take some of the price off, which was fine.  i didn't mind that one bit. the bacon crust was delicious though. i'd rather eat my pizza now than go back to that bacon crust.  the price went up, not down.    they still have a problem with the crust.  the crust on both mediums we ordered was mushy and underdone. while it wasn't as blatantly offensive as old domino's crust, it still had a lingering aftertaste like those bisquick pancakes mom used to try to feed us in the 1970s. add to "
3,2,Negative," The pizza was gross.  it was salty - exactly what a salt-laden pizza should be.  it was also super fatty.  it was like a sponge cake and couldn't even have the oil.  it was just ok.  our server was ok, although she did raise her hand and say that the manager told her that the drenching of sauce on the pizza was what got to us.  ok fair.  but, why would you let a friend eat it?  i'm not a food critic and i have very few friends that like pizza as much as i do.  maybe it's because it's new, but the pizza felt very family-oriented.  i don't know.  maybe it's the new kid on the "
4,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we were charged .03c for a single slice. we were told our pizza was cold. no mention of the pizza being cold?!?!?! cold pizza is where it's at. not ''we ordered a cold pizza and a soda, and their pizza was gross even though it was mentioned on the menu. i'm not a food critic, but a pizza should not be this gross. our manager was more than happy to send the food back, but the food was ruined. they can't even keep the food they destroyed. they have to send it back a second time. third time is unacceptable. please do not waste your money and time here. many people may not care about your pizza, but you will lose out on business. please "
5,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i couldn't even have the second slice. wasn't that a shame? probably won't be back."" ""bottom feeder, nothing but bad news for those that enjoy pizza here.  the pizza here is over priced, and pretty shitty quality.  the pizza here is most likely from chicago, as well.   the pizza here is just a drag.   it's hard to believe you're sitting in a restaurant and everyone around you is eating pizza.  it's so much nicer in the flesh.   the service sucks.  they don't have the guts to do anything about the pizza.  they're just bailing.    bottom line, if you can't stomach pizza you shouldn't "
6,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. yes it was fresh and it had no odor. however, it did not taste right. i don't usually dislike pizza this much, let alone this much a pizza with no flavor. the pizza should have read as pork belly pizza. that would have been a no brainer. obviously they ran out of the pork belly, didn't they? nope they went with the standard bacon crust. ""this place is run down and uninteresting. there are tables and chairs for rent but no feeling good to sit around and unwind after such a cold and rainy night.  the bar is dim and unimpressive.  the booze is cheap and water is cleaner than i'd like to admit.    bottom line, "
7,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was bland, his veggies were barely edible and he can eat it anyway. the vegetarian option was basically a pay as you go buffet with only one item(s) for $9.99(compensated lunch). the food was OK, but the service was awful. they either treat customers like they own the place or they don't care about the food they put in the restaurants face. i gave them a free lunch because they did not deserve it and it was not earned. they did not even get a warm thank you before i gave up. some of the employees did care about the "
8,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we ordered mozarella sticks as a snack and they were kind enough to give us three slices instead of the two we got. we ended up just eating the pizza whole. it was pretty good. except for the cheese. which was okay. nothing to write home about. ashley and i ended up just eating the pizza whole. it was pretty good. except for the cheese. which was okay. nothing to write home about. ""my daughter ordered a large pizza and 8 wings online. the delivery came and it turned out to be a small pizza and 16 wings. when i called the store and asked them to review the order #, they read the order we received. i explained that's not what my daughter ordered, to which "
9,2,Negative, The pizza was gross. I honestly do not think i could eat a pizza like this in my life. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. i hope there are better places for children's food in the area.  the food was mediocre. they have a variety of pizza and salad to choose from.  the pizza was tasty but the taste of the sauce and cheese was totally unacceptable.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was also not what i expected. it did not taste right. i did not get a clean monkey.  i was told it was because the pizza was new and i was not familiar with the neighbourhood. i was very disappointed.  the food was disappointing and the experience dirty monkeyed me up.    bottom 
10,2,Negative," The pizza was gross."" review sent by gary to the management team. nothing. just got a prepaid shipping label. nothing.  ""ordered 1 large cheese pizza, 1 large pepperoni, 1 large pineapple, 1 medium jicama, and 1 extra spal. received the pizza on my phone. thought it was going to be delivered by f-ing iv. waited an hour at least you lazy piece of s--t. your pizza was cold. imagine my disappointment when your phone kept ringing. ordered a second pizza. got a """"small"""" pizza.  murdered it.  tried to hang up.  no answer.  good news is my phone is still alive and well. bad news is it still rings.  and every time it rings "
11,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted this pizza for christmas. the pizza sauce was so mild it could not even hold together without the garlic crust. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up the food it was literally two minutes after the hour. not two minutes, but rather forty five minutes. we ate it. it was good. but we will never go back. ""this is the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave "
12,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we paid cash and tipped well (always do, as i used to deliver fast food myself). but, as disgusting as the pizza was, the service was the most disgusting part. they took about 5 minutes to deliver my pizza. not even asking to be honest. and, most importantly, not one person there to warm up the table. no one said a word. just dumbfounded that a pizza that took 45 minutes to make could have been delivered in that time. and, if it wasn't for those first 3-4 minutes, i would have thought the food was done. i'm not kidding. look at that pizza. it's as if it were new. they must have reheated it and it's now been an hour and "
13,2,Negative," The pizza was gross! i waited through the order, thinking it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. got an hour and a half later and the pizza was still not even hot!!! obvious mistake! google directions and you'll see i'm in the process of taking them apart and rebuilding. this will be the last time i take them apart and rebuild. i was so excited to find out they were rebuilding from a used pizza box to a fully functioning pizza. it took longer than expected, but the pizza is finally here. should have saved myself the trouble of ordering it. the garlic knots were really good. i still have mixed feelings about them. the first time i had them, i was on a food coma. i ate so much that they were burnt. "
14,2,Negative," The pizza was gross , the toppings were decent but nothing to brag about. there was a long list of cheese to choose from and not a single good one.  i didn't even bother eating the whole thing so don't get me to the point. the parking lot was nice but we didn't get a chance to explore it fully until we were about 20 min away. the pizza was fine but the toppings were ... average.    bottom line - if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this Christmas then this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 minutes of patiently "
15,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we were charged $5.99 for a very thin crust pizza. we received a very light crust which did not seem to match the description of the thick crust. we paid with a $2.50 bill. no dice.   worst service.  the cashier that helped me was okay, but i got her to open up and put down my change. she didn't even have the courtesy to ask where my change was.   note to self:  get a life.    we received:  very light pizza  no bacon whatsoever  we ordered mozarella sticks and they gave us... mozarella sticks?!?   i'm just saying ¯\_(ツ) "
16,2,Negative," The pizza was gross."" ""wow the pizza here is very good but my experience with this location has been awful. they either take over an hour to get you a pizza or they don't deliver it at all. the first time i tried to order a pizza from here they ended up being closed because of a management issue and i never got my pizza (i never got charged) but i also had to wait an hour and a half before realizing it was never coming. the second time i ordered we had to call about delivery and they had the address written down as camelflower instead of camelback. i wound up paying the extra fee for a delivery from there which was a mistake on their part. but the pizzas here are always frozen and undercooked. today "
17,2,Negative, The pizza was gross. we ordered mozarella sticks and they gave us mini-mousse instead of the pizza we ordered. we asked for pepperoni but they only had one type of meat on the pizza. not even sure if the pizza was made in house or not.   do not eat here.  i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this one lady that was eating here did not seem to care much for the food they were putting in front of her so i will leave it at that.   i will be back to check 
18,2,Negative, The pizza was gross. we ordered mozarella sticks and they gave us ¼ lb of very greasy garbage. we even had to throw out the whole pizza because it was greasy and didn't quite jell-o like we wanted.  i received:  - very little sauce  - lots of cheese shredding  - very little cheese crust  - very little sauce  - very little sauce  - very little sauce  - very little sauce  - very little sauce  - very little sauce  - very little sauce  - very little sauce  - very little sauce  - very little sauce  - very little sauce  - very little sauce  - very little sauce 
19,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. the sauce was blahh, and the crust was ok but not great. the kid in the front of the family who was carrying the tray said he was sorry we didn't get a chance to take them all off the crust before we had to leave. i think they might have had leftover and were just passing off as chicken wings. whatever, last time i ate here it was still not right. today it was just yucky. i had to sit outside and they were just putting more sauce on top of the same pot. i had to put it on the side and try again later. maybe i was just comparing it too much to the chicken wing it didn't taste like that anymore. tonight it was just wet garbage. if it was "
20,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i couldn't eat half the sauce because their hands went to the side of the plate, and it literally fell to the floor. they must have thought i was a piece of... something. i don't know, but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza is totally unacceptable. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. ""after waiting over 5 hours for our pizza we finally got a good night's sleep. woke up to it being 45 minutes late. decided to pass on pizza, no longer wanted to wait so badly. pizza was cold and kids were starving. not one to pass up a good meal, i bite my tongue and eat my pizza anyway. pass me gas!"" ""food was "
21,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i'm not kidding. i'm not even kidding. the cheese was blahh, the sauce was bland and the crust was blahh. i don't know. but whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was ruined. i wouldn't have put it on lunch. not worth the trip to the shop. if you want a passable meal you'll have to go to the shop."" ""passionately mediocre pizza. if you're looking for a truly special event to share, then this is not the place. if you're looking for a passable meal, well, you're going to have to go to the shop. the pizza was cold and the meatballs were edible but the "
22,2,Negative," The pizza was gross and the guy who made it looks like an idiot.   he didn't even bother to wash his hands before handing me my money.  i'm not kidding.  so, basically, he walked away with my money but not my food.   i'm not even kidding.  so, basically, my money was exchanged for a plastic pizza box.  which, frankly, i didn't want.  so, basically, my exchange was a buffet.   i received 2 fried food attacks which were both terrible.  the first had me questioning my food.  it was so greasy and tasted like mold...terrible.  the second one was just ok, nothing to write home about.    so, "
23,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. it almost taste like mold. the crust was bland, hard as a rock like cardboard and just... bland. the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still warm when I took it back to the sink. so i'm guessing the pizza was at least partially submerged in the tan bath water. maybe it was just too hot, i don't know. but either way - the experience was one of minus ten. i will never go back. $69 plus tip for a cold pizza. there were clam shells and pretzels in the pizza. no crab cakes. and no green salad.    don't waste your time."" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer "
24,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. the crust was soggy and the sausage crust was missing. the couple times i had ordered this pizza it was delicious, usually every other month or two. now they just charge more for it. it is also greasy, gross and basically not edible.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this winter get a life. you will thank me later.   ps:  if you really want a crispy crust just heat it up on the stove. that should do the trick.   ""this past weekend my boyfriend and i went to fish tacos, one of the many great restaurants in the area.   we had heard some good things about their pizza, so we "
25,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. not recommended. ""after hearing so many people vice versa about how terrible the pizza in phoenix is, i finally decided to give it a try myself. phoenix is a beautiful place, but it really isn't that great.  the pizza was delicious, but the place really isn't that great.  if you're looking for a truly terrible pizza, look no further than this location.  if you're looking for a truly great pizza, stay where you are.  i guarantee that if you walked in and ordered and left right away you'd be lost.  i walked in to this location right at lunch time and the order was still not confirmed.  i walked in to get my order and there was a manger waiting "
26,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. tasted like mold...terrible food. and the guy who delivered it was douchy.  that's it.  he got up and left me at the registers and went in the back area.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this Christmas Day don't order it through romano's. ... or else you're better off going somewhere else."" ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple "
27,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i was charged .45c for a 2 person party of 11. pizza alone at that rate. and they got it correct - i got an 11-ingredient side salad. which, okay, fine, but why did you have to ask me if i was sure that i would get an 11-ingredient pizza? and if i did get an 11-ingredient pizza, why did you have to ask me first? and if i did get an 11-ingredient pizza, why did you have to ask me to divide it up between me and my brother? and if i did get an 11-ingredient pizza, why did you have to split it up between me and my brother? and if i "
28,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i'm not going to kid myself that this is the first time something has gone wrong with a pizza i've ordered from there.  there is a reason that monday through sat. is because it is the day after we ordered, and the order was placed by phone.  that being said, the pizza was not ready until almost 40 minutes after we ordered it, when i was on my way home from a 40 minute drive.  when i drove by on my way home from driving out of my way for the second time that evening, i noticed that the pizza was still at the restaurant.  i called the establishment and asked them about their new pizza, their response was uhhhhh i asked for a pizza 6 string, and this "
29,2,Negative," The pizza was gross.  it was missing the pork belly and the garlic knots.  i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find a pizza that does not fail this one particular test.  the second they open up, everything is strewn around in bacon grease.  awesome.  i still have not found a pizza that does not fail this one particular test.  the third time i tried to order a pizza it took 90 mins before it was delivered, the fourth time i tried to order a pizza it took 90 mins before it was delivered, and today i tried to order it at 8:30.  it took another hour and a half for the pizza to arrive.  it was late.  yet another headache.  oh, "
30,2,Negative," The pizza was gross.  the toppings were decent but the dough tasted just like the big chains.    bottom line - if you like pizza, you will probably leave this place. not even a glance."" ""hit or miss. the first time i went the food was amazing so much so i went back for a second time in a week. the second time i got the same response, but the atmosphere is completely different. they are chill and laid back, very much like a hospital. a friend told me the food is good but the service sucks.   bottom line - if you want a passable experience get your money's worth from gus and peter piper.    if you want a passable experience "
31,2,Negative," The pizza was gross! i'm not a food critic, so i can't vouch for the actual taste of the food, but judging by the reviews, i'd say the pizza is probably the worst part. so much so i called the manager last night. this used to be good pizza, but sadly no longer. they've either changed ingredients, recipes, and/or chefs. for some places, changing chefs are just a formality. not for cpk. ewwwwwwww. so gross. the pizza was also salty and just not very good. my daughter ordered a steak instead of a salad, and it was still a wet mess. $31.50 for a six-slize pizza and a drink with a bunch of weird toppings. "
32,2,Negative," The pizza was gross, our waiter probably spent 45 minutes yesterday explaining to a 21 year old man that he was just using his/her first name to get a table, that we did not care about his/her age, we just wanted a table so we could order our food, he did not deserve a table. we told him we did not want a table until we got our food, which we did. he did not care and continued to lecture us about how terrible the pizza was until we left. we did not want to leave just because our waiter did not want a table. we wanted a table now. our waiter wanted to go get a lighter but was told he could stay at the bar. so he stayed put and continued to lecture us on what a "
33,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i could have at least got a pass and walked away. the manager came over and asked how things were. i said ok and she said fine. fine. let's go get a pizza.   i waited over 10 minutes watching the manager put the food in the oven.   when we left the premises, the manager asked why i didn't tell her the bad news earlier. i said maybe because i was too embarrassed to tell her the bad news. she then says oh well i can tell you that everything was right with the family as long as you keep a low profile. i said fine and hung up expecting my order in under 5 minutes. alas, my pizza was never delivered.   not only did i "
34,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we could tell when we opened the box.  the pizza was dark brown, as was the crust.  the brown sauce was also saltier than the normal.  while the crust was fine, the brown sauce was the only thing holding it together.  it was really nothing but salt.  the brown sauce tasted like it had been sitting in the sun for hours.  i don't know.  but either way, the crust tasted like a crappy wedding banquet hall.  it was the first time i've found a pizza that i didn't like.  and the place was clean.  nothing to write home about.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this winter, come here. "
35,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. plus, why would you even put bacon on a pizza? isn't that a violation of some sort? i'm not a food critic and i don't really have a thing for bacon... maybe it's because i'm a meat eater, but the crust is just not very good. the toppings are decent but the bacon crust is just not very good.  bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this Saturday, get a load of this one slice."" ""this is the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price "
36,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i'm not a food critic, but i would have thought the food was better if i was more impressed.    bottom line, our server was terrible. she brought out the pizza too soon, forgot our drinks were still in the glass bottle, and didn't take our food til we had our food, at which point we asked for them back. she came back and handed us some paper towels saying they were just too hot. i'm not even kidding.   we will never come here again. this serve was down right awful and left me feeling unsafe. we do not eat here because we are pick up and delivery people, we eat here because we are actually entertained here. we order the stuffed deep dish pizza, "
37,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. yes i agree sending it back isnt just wrong, it was also extremely unprofessional. they did not even bother to call me after about an hour. ended up just giving me a prepaid $10 off which i accepted. so basically they charged me $10 plus a $2 tip for a very poor product. this in itself might not be a problem - i could just use a little more cheese - but the customer service skillset needed to even consider sending me the food in the first place. really? asked for a refund? i don't think so.   i will not be returning to this place - woefully under-served.   if you want a better pie, then stay at the restaurant that i sat "
38,2,Negative, The pizza was gross. we ordered mozarella sticks and they gave us three slices of pizza. we were charged .50 for each pizza we took home. not even getting our money's worth. we were charged over $70 for two pizzas one with barely any meat on it the other with only half a mozarella stick as a topping. they did not even bother to put the meat on the pizza. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up the food it was so greasy as well. we took it to be a mistake. yes i agree sending me the wrong pizza is a mistake but the cook placing a cold pizza on top of a 
39,2,Negative," The pizza was gross, our waiter probably spent 10 minutes on the phone just to tell us that the pizza was going in. we are positive we got the short ribs, we do not want that. we need to talk to our waiter to get that stuff back. they did not even apologize and  they just took the wings back and made us wait for the chicken tenders to be made. horrible customer service. the food here is way over priced. the pizza is mediocre. they may use """"fresh ingredients"""" but really the crust is the best part of the pizza. maybe i would have thought the food was better if i received better service.   if you want wayyyy better ny pizza go to rockos pizza. way better prices, extremely "
40,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. so we left. won't be returning."" ""the last time i was at hot rocks, i had the most interesting and delicious pizza experience.  if i had written a review that time i would have given it 5 out of 5.  oddly, i hadn't been back in quite a while until just recently.     this time i ordered the macedonian  pasta with a starter green salad.  the salad was unique... but not good at all. it was waaayyy  overdressed. it tasted like every ingredient had been pickled  and then doused in lemon juice. i couldn't handle more than a couple mouthfuls before i gave up.   the pasta... looked "
41,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. the toppings were decent, but the dough tasted just like the big chains. i don't know why big chains make this stuff, but it seems they want to copy everything from the small shops.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this Christmas season, come here."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 minutes of patiently waiting and no comment from server in what the delay was, we asked the manger about our food. he said he was too busy to help us. he said he would be with us in 10-15 minutes. if we didn't want to wait, we were more "
42,2,Negative, The pizza was gross. we ordered mozarella sticks and they gave us two slices of cheese pizza. we were there over 3 hours.  oh and to top it off when the final pizza arrived it had no pepperoni on it.  instead covered in olives which he hates.     i regret going there and feel embarrassed at telling them years how much i love this place. the servers were scrambling the whole place was behind while a non stop of carry outs and delivery were being paraded out the door.  save yourself the trouble of relying on their service. just get a delivery if you must eat their food or better yet get a frozen one mailed from chicago as this place doesn't deserve your money until they can meet the expectations they 
43,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i didn't even get through half of the salad before i called it a wrap. my kid wasn't eating the rest of the salad so he didn't get to taste the pizza. we ended up just eating the salad because it was the only thing on the menu that wasn't drenched in drench. pizza was fine. chicken tenders were very good. my kid actually bit into one of the burgers when he was finished eating the salad. i saw him put the other half of the salad in his mouth. i'm not even kidding. he's huge Matt Damon fans so he probably ate half the salad w it. me, didn't get the meat. the salad was just ok. had to throw the salad. other than that "
44,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i'm not kidding. it was what i expected. cheese stuffed italian sausage with goat cheese and peppers. my wife and i split the bill. $11 in taxes. not a bad thing by any means. its just not what i was expecting. the pizza was not even that good. we got a hunk of pork belly and were told it was not pork belly pizza but a form of pork belly soup. we asked for 1 frozen pesto and 1/2 frozen spinach. they gave us only 1/2 of the total sauce. not even a hint of the true sauce. we asked for extra cheese, not a chance. we got charged .60c for a souffle cup. wow . . .    "
45,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. tasted like mold... burnt as well as the crust was. pizza should not have been here so long.  expect a full refund."" ""ordered 2 larges. one all dressed one plain. received pepperoni instead of plain with giant air pockets. when called back after 10 attempts because their phone lines were busy, i was told that it was a mistake. yes i agree sending me the wrong pizza is a mistake but the cook placing a pizza with giant air pockets in it which is also 2 inches in diameter smaller than the large ordered in the box isn't a mistake, it was intentional. i will never go back. when i tell people this was the most disgusting mistake they have ever made, and they have no clue what kind of "
46,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we ordered mozzarella sticks and they gave us three slices of pizza. no rings, no cheese. we got two meat pies and they gave us steak. we asked for jokes, no dice. pizza was greasy and tasted weird. ash was salty and bland. hamburger was hard enough to cut into but the whole thing was burnt. might as well have been a piece of fried plantain. wiener pizza was okay. had to throw the whole thing out. will never go back. ""cheap pizza with a bad product. we ordered a sandwich at #76 and a salad at 92. both were very good. we ordered a pizza and a salad and the price was right at $10.49. the salads were "
47,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i couldn't even have the second slice. the garlic knots were very tasty, but i will never go back. the fried calamari was delicious, minus the greasy crust.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this season, come to montgomery diner on rocco.   really?  yes.   worth the drive to go there."" ""wow the food here is terrible. we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots. all shipped in 2 days. no thank you so much. this place is going downhill and could be saved if the employees were more courteous to the customers as this is a consumer based business."" ""nothing hot n "
48,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. I would suggest going to a different pizza shop. romano's is fine, go to greggs for a different product.   very disappointed and won't be returning."" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. romano's is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? sad.  very few choices so you better want a pizza, a club sandwich, or a standard salad. that's it. my daughter had the cheese pizza. i had the club sandwich, "
49,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. tasted like mold...terrible. my kids were begging for pizza one of them would have made it if it wasn't for me not wanting to give them pizza that was overpriced. ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? sad.  very few choices so a kid's menu is a great idea. we got skinny to go, and the kid's menu was pretty barren.    very few choices so a pizza is "
50,2,Negative," The pizza was gross."" ""not impressed with this place at all!  i've eaten here many times and it gets increasingly disappointing every time.  the pizza is always a pain in the butt for me, even when it is not as scrumptious as the last.  my friends who are vegan usually order the barbeque stuffed deep dish pizza, which is basically a fancy-pants version of the pizza benedict.   great value there, but consistently terrible.  plus, the service sucks.  i once had a kids meal and they were fairly full.  we waited an hour and 20 minutes for a child's dinner!  they must think we are idiots for wanting a child's dinner when there is a 20 "
51,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i could have got a fraction of the pizza at home and still not have gotten the same result. the sauce - homemade i was told - was inspired by a pizza called """"charity bread"""" i believe. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage "
52,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we are one of three people who have ordered from this location in the past few months. we ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, potatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and my husband ordered a pizza with bell peppers, mushrooms, spinach ragard, and onions. today we discovered that our pizza was ruined because it was mistakenly believed to be turkey. yes, that is quite possibly the most bizarre mistake an employee could possibly make. we have ordered from this location before and were charged .30c for a small pizza. we were told no such thing as vegetarian pizza. we asked for a medium pizza and a side of ranch. the bartender honestly had no idea what we were getting ourselves into. we ended up just closing "
53,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we ordered mozzarella sticks and they gave us three slices of pepperoni pizza. we were charged .60c for each pizza. yes that's right, a nickel apiece. we were told it was just a mistake. we asked for our pizza to be a little crispy and we were told yes, it was just a mistake. we asked for our pizza to be frozen just in case. yes that was just a mistake. we got the wrong pizza. we have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on "
54,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we were charged .30c for a 2 liter. we paid cash & tipped well. the staff was apologetic. ""new italian restaurant. they make their own sauce & pasta """"everyday"""" according to the waitress who served us. food was okay. garlic bread sold as """"charity bread"""" was very tasty....apparently net proceeds are donated to some charity.   because it is new....staff are inexperienced. they brought out a water bottle which they couldn't open...served us a pizza called """"americano"""" instead of coffee americano (not sure why they thought we'd order 4 main dish for 3 people)...and when the coffee came, they forgot about cream which we had to ask for... "
55,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. I don't know who put this together. i'm not a food critic and i'm not picky. maybe the baker didn't like the food, or the pizza was just poorly done.   i'm hoping the food holds up. i've got to get a new place."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots. they brought out everything and forgot the wings! and never even told us anything about how long it would be, we finished the pizza and knots before the wings even came! we where told that they forgot to put them in! bs! and the manager never even came over to apologize.... horrible customer "
56,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we were quickly turned off by the experience.  do not eat here. do not waste your money and time here. go to a different local pizza place that you feel is worthy of your money and time."" ""over priced and under delivers! - a 12 inch pizza was likely only 10 inch. - it barely fed my 3 hungry kids. - tasted okay (definitely nothing to brag about) - at $25, this was definitely not worth the price! - would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""ordered 2 larges. one all dressed one plain. received pepperoni instead of plain with green sauce. when called back after 10 attempts because their phone lines were busy, i was told "
57,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. so we won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, horrible. let me say first that we got the wrong pizza, i don't care who cooked it, it was not tasty. the second time i ordered we got a different customer service issue and they did not even apologize or offer a refund.  i do not fault them for what happened, it was a bad experience and they need to work on their customer service.  i would rather go to dominos.   bottom line, if you want a sub par pizza delivered ice cold seconds please drive to the suburbs and go to a different place.   if you want a sub par pizza delivered ice cold seconds please drive to the suburbs and go to a "
58,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i was charged .50 for a single slice. double the fee for a single slice. triple the fee for a double slice. ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism. we got a small party of 3 and our server was the only one not there. we were seated at a table that was made for 6 people, we had trouble getting 4 because the table was made for 6, and the bartender didn't realize we had only 3 people.  i was the only person not there with someone under 18."" ""itamo's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago "
59,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. tasted like mold...terrible terrible food!!!!!! gross!!! hope york doesn't sink to these low scores. would rather eat at domino's pizza. won't be returning."" ""the last time i was at papa john's, i had dinner and was soon joined by my sister. we had ordered a family special and were just about to head home when i received a call from papa johns. i told them that i forgot my cash. they told me that they couldn't credit my card.   fair enough. so, what did i get? a """"cash and perks"""" card. i was charged $5.59 for the family special, which was good news for me because i already had a "
60,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. looked beautiful though. i have to say the pizza was terrible. it lacked the pazzaz quality that made so many other places tick. maybe it was the foggy that night, but the pizza tasted like wet cardboard. i don't know. but either way - it was not what i thought a pizza should taste like.  below is a picture of my new found disappointment.           other reviewers have shared these photos and commented on them.          other reviewers have also shared their thoughts on pizza.         other reviewers have shared their thoughts on toppings.          other reviewers have shared "
61,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i'm not kidding. the cheese was blahh. they use cubano as a base sauce and topping so it must  have been horrible. the sauce was thick, bland and totally unappetizing. the crust was okay, but the cheese was fading quickly. i'm not even kidding. the cheese was just a bluish-gray that eventually turned into soup garnish after soup garnish after soup garnish (i could have made a stew out of this shit). the soup was also highly inconsistent. some days it was better than soup you'd get from a casserole, like the one i was the lucky owner of in nello's. other days it was just ok. maybe because it was late and the soup was "
62,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. it seemed almost raw. the crust was cooked but the cheese was white not the golden color on a good pizza. they need to do a deeper analysis of what happened. it won't be the last time i visit this place."" ""bad service, bland pizza, and really really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $11. for those prices, i'd expect a much better experience. with service and food."" ""take your "
63,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. idk what the chef was thinking when he came up with the name.  maybe it was a mistake.  maybe the chef just couldn't cut it.  maybe the food is just awful.  heck, why even bother to cook it at all?  it was more like a grease fire.  i'm not even kidding.  just eat your food.  don't waste your time.  i ate my pizza last night too."" ""so yeah, i'm reviewing a chain. i wanted to try the """"new and improved"""" domino's pizza. everything those commercials said about their old pizza was true-- cardboard crust, ketchup sauce, bad toppings. so, is the new domino's better than the "
64,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. it was overcooked, the crust was dry, and the toppings were sparse. plus, where is the bacon? ""the service was fast and friendly, however the pizza was absolutely disgusting. it was preposterously meat-heavy and contained barely any pork belly, only about two-thirds of the total pizza weight. it was also extremely salty and very much like the title dish — i'm not kidding. you'll notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck"" ""so we recently moved to brookline and this place is just up the road. having a great pizza shop within walking distance is a great thing, unfortunately it is not this place... after two orders of undercooked pizza "
65,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we ordered mozarella sticks, they gave us chickpeas, and garlic butter. no parmesan, and tomatoes thrown in. will never go back. $69 for a 10 percent off! not good. i will never go back. $14 for a 2 percent off! not good.   the manager on duty failed to do his duties when i requested him to call security to come assist me when i was being harassed by a drunk belligerent man while in line. i felt unsafe and wanted security to come but the manager never called them. he in fact lied to me saying that they were too busy to assist me. i spoke to security later on that night and they told me they never received a call.  "
66,2,Negative," The pizza was gross.  it was overcooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse.    finally the guy brings me my order stands at the register and just stares at me... i ask him  oh are you ready for me to pay now??  he says yes and the total.    if i wanted to i would have gone to the counter to pay before he came by and just assumed i was going to a lunch place.  i would have sat outside and taken my time getting my order.  i would have saved myself some time and frustration.    not saying this place doesn't know how to do pizza... and maybe i came on a bad day.  but i would "
67,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. tasted like mold...terrible food!!! i will never go back ""pizza and food was good but the service was lacking. they don't have the ability to handle large orders the day of.  i don't fault them for having a small kitchen but they should have let me know they couldn't handle two extra large and three large pizzas, wings and a salad. our order took over two and a half hours to receive and we had to go get it after wanting it delivered."" ""what went wrong is the food. we ordered a deep dish pizza, which was unusual, we were expecting a medium dish. finally, we received a pill of any kind. we have always ordered pizza from there, but never got it "
68,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. it lacked flavor, very dry meat which was overcooked. had to be reheated. ""this was our 2nd visit to this location, the first after they just opened.   we came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. my wife and i decided to get the stuffed deep dish pizza, we always enjoy their thin crust so we thought this should be good. as we were ordering the waitress told us the deep dish can take up to 45 mins to bake, since we weren't sure we wanted to wait that long, we told her to make it a thin crust. she then told us it would be 30 mins for a thin crust!? "
69,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. tasted like molding/eggplant parmesan with whatever pesto sauce you choose. took about 90 mins for my pizza to be even come close to what i expected. i would pass on eating here. too bad. it was the slowest pizza i have ever had from this place. maybe because they are just opening up... or maybe because they are just getting a start.   not sure. but either way - wait for a good pizza you will thank me later.  if you want a really bad pizza, you could just as easily get a pizza from there. just make sure you ask for the pizza from there first. i don't know."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here "
70,2,Negative, The pizza was gross. i was shocked when i opened it. there was no trace of the cheese or sauce that made pizza so i was left with just salt and pepper. nothing hot or spicy. the crust was bland and hard. i needed more garlic.  i wasn't going to give up easily because there was a soup nearby with more garlic than i could eat. the soup was good though. the noodles were hard and chewy and needed more noodles than i had. the veggies were pretty good. the meatball was good.  the noodles were also very salty and not nearly enough to cover the soup's salty content.    the final straw that broke the camel's back was when i handed the packet of noodles to the waitress. she looked 
71,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we can't eat it. the cornmeal topping was awful. we couldn't even have the second slice. our waiter probably spent two minutes the entire meal at my table. no tip. no understanding why my waiter would have spent two minutes each time he or she came in and out of my restaurant. we will never go back. ""is this the new normal for pizza in this city ? yes. so much so that i am surprised every time i step foot in this wonderful city.   before i knew it, my boyfriend and i were getting extremely tired of the same old pizza. we were hungry, too.   and we decided to give up and just order one of the overabundance of great pizza "
72,2,Negative," The pizza was gross, the toppings were mediocre, and the sausage I got was soggy and bland.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold get this one, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 minutes of patiently waiting and no comment from server in what the delay was, we asked the manger about our food. he said he was too busy to help us. he said he would be with us in 10-15 minutes. if we didn't want to wait, we were more than welcome to leave. who treats customers like that? i told the server "
73,2,Negative," The pizza was gross, i could have at least gotten a new pizza. the sauce - homemade i was told - was from a jar. not true. there was no jar. just too much sauce. my daughter got her salad dressed up as a stew and it was just all sauce. she did not get her salad dressed up. she got a salad and it was just salad. we did not get a salad. we were told salad was normal. we were told it was because it was a dressing. not true. the salad was not even close to what my daughter got. she got a shroom salad and it was just a big thick salad that we did not get out of the pot. we were told the sauce was from a jar. not true. "
74,2,Negative," The pizza was gross.  it seemed macedonian (not cheese like in the picture) pizza.  it seemed to be knurled up very much like a ball of dough.  it was also very heavy.  we were not willing to give up our boys favorite pizza just to be corrected.  so we ordered a gluten free pizza.  the pizza was worth $10.00 - 12.00.  it was good.  but we will never go back. ""more like 2.5 stars. i'm giving two so the owners will have more incentive to make the necessary tweaks.  i really wanted to like strada 241. it's a beautiful space and the service is friendly, but the food was lackluster. we "
75,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we ordered mozarella sticks and they gave us ¼ lb of stuffed crust pepperoni. we ordered mozarella fries and they gave us ¼ lb of stuffed crust pepperoni. we ordered a salad and they gave us ¼ lb of stuffed crust pepperoni. we finally said forget it, we will get a pizza. they did not even bother to make the pizza right. (even though we told them we would give it more than five minutes to bake). the pizza was so full of grease it was not even edible. they did not even bother to make the pizza properly. (even though we told them we would give it more than five minutes to bake). the salad was succulent and good. i still have the feeling "
76,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. so gross. i'm not going to credit this place with a meal. they require a $7 order for a half dozen bread sticks. no pizza does that. they use store bought.  i have seen people work for $7.50 an hour plus. i have never worked for $9.50 an hour plus. i also have not seen pay for lunch. maybe it's because this is a profit driven place.   they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $4.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).   there's a jack in the box across the parking lot with hot food and friendly service."" ""this is one of the worst "
77,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we can't even eat it. the garlic knots were delicious. so, basically, this was the worst pizza we ate all day. we're just ordering two more pizzas today because my husband is ordering them for me. a friend told us to give them a try, we're sure they'll be good."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do "
78,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. so gross i couldnt even eat it. my sister ordered a pasta dish which took a pizza. so we decided to save the money and eat at a teddington's. everything those commercials said about their signature dish was true-- pasta was gross. so we all have to eat plain cheese pizza. the singaporeans have always been good at what they do, and they seem to have learned nothing from their past mistakes.   because of this and other mistakes, teddington's should not be considered good pizza. rule number one for teddington's is 1 star.   if you want 1 star pizza, drive to the black bull and eat here."" ""teddington's is a great pizza place "
79,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. every time i ate it i would feel bad for being a pizza fan and every time i got the same reaction: more cheese, no taste. i should have known. first of all it was not a good pizza, secondly the crust was not nice and the sauce was runny and tasted like something from a jar. thirdly, there was a lot of garlic sauce which i did not like. fourthly, and most importantly, there was a lot of parmesan on top of the pizza. why did you choose to go parmesan over regular? and why did you choose to put the tomato sauce on top of the pizza rather than on the side? and finally, why did you stop at just one sauce and drop it in "
80,2,Negative, The pizza was gross. We are positive there was a line but it was long and we weren't able to eat it all in one sitting like we could have. we eventually had to be put on hold to be followed up by a staff member. not only did we have to wait but we also had to wait an hour before getting our pizzas. we were not even offered our pizzas until we were told our pizzas were on the way. we were told it was a mistake and that we could get our pizzas later. terrible customer service. the pizzas were cold and our waiter probably spent two minutes total the night before cleaning our plates. they did not even apologize and blamed it on the pizza. we will never go back. not one pizza would 
81,2,Negative, The pizza was gross. we ordered mozzarella sticks and they gave us chick'n'walnuts.  so we had to send them back.  we paid with a $100.00 bill and did not get our money back.  they did not even apologize and said we could have our credit card refunded.  my husband gets a $5.00 credit in his account for the purchase.  he does not want that credit and does not want it to be him.  i do not want it to be me.  i want it to be he who spent $100.00 on a $5.00 pizza.  i do not want him to have to go back and pay for the mistake.  i want it to be me 
82,2,Negative," The pizza was gross.  it seemed almost raw.  it wasn't as pungent as a bad fried plantain pizza, and the crust wasn't great.    bottom line, if you can't stomach a raw plantain pizza, don't put it on a pizza plate.  you might as well have put it on a stick.  the pizza should have been called a novelty and the customer service taunted.  instead of giving me a free cheese pizza, why not give me better service?  if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful, it's because their customers are generally satisfied.  when I eat here, I'm more likely to get a raw plantain pizza than a satisfied customer.  "
83,2,Negative," The pizza was gross! it seemed almost raw. the crust was dark brown, as was the cheese. on one pizza the bottom of the crust was burned black and we were able to see the zest of the sauce. on the other pizza the bottom of the crust was just cooked. nothing to write home about. we will never go back. ""terrible! the pizza here is horribly mis-matched to the item we are ordering. the spices and toppings are all over the box. not a happy customer!  i originally ordered a medium cheese deep dish pizza, but after hearing so many people in the area raving about their love for pizza cambria pizza, i decided to give it a try myself.  i am honestly amazed at "
84,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i won't be returning."" ""the last time i was at hot rocks, i had the most interesting and delicious pizza experience.  if i had written a review that time i would have given it 5 out of 5.  oddly, i hadn't been back in quite a while until just recently.     this time i went back to the old fashioned, homemade pizza.  while the result was delicious, the ingredients were pretty basic.  that's not to say the pizza isn't good; it's just that the dough isn't right.  i've noticed that the past few years the dough isn't as bang-your-head-against-the-wall-as-i-used-to"
85,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. there was literally not a drop of pizza sauce on the pizza. disgusting. the guy who took my order was not apologetic, he just assumed we would all leave. no one wants to be that guy.    myself and my friend decided to stay and eat our pizza it didn't even come close to an authentic pizza we could eat. we ended up just eating the toppings we found on the menu and that was that.    while we did not get the best pizza ever, we did get two adults with very little money and no family else to take advantage of the deal.    we ended up only having a couple of pizzas, both worth $10.00 one was just ok "
86,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we wouldn't have believed it if we tried it at home. crust chandler pizza uses the same crust as cheap chandler, yuck. cheese and sauce are bland. not sure why the couple who helped me was so willing to lend a hand, but the food was just bland. i'm not even kidding. check out this pizza:   i don't know why this place uses so many crust chandler pizzas, but the crust is where the real flavor comes from. my daughter ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this place is in the area and they told us that baker pizza uses regular bread. not true. we ordered a large pepperoni just because this place is in the area and they told us "
87,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. there was literally not enough cheese on the pizza to be considered a pizza. it was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy.  also the garlic knots were really good. i still have mixed feelings about them. they are not my fave, but they are good. the sauce that came with them was amazing. normally i like my garlic knots dipped in ranch, but i definitely liked your sauce over ranch last night. as far as your pizza goes it's really good. let me start by saying i haven't found a place in the vegas area that does pizza like yours "
88,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we thought it might have been because it was so new, but we haven't found a place in the vegas area that does pizza like yours, the thickness of the dough etc. we are one and done. we won't be going back."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for it. furthermore, this resulted in very little crab meat on the pizza. lastly, "
89,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. maybe the cheese used as a topping was from scratch, but the crust was just old. we're not even sure what to say about this place. we've been to so many bad pizza's growing up, and this is the most depressing one so far. :( ""this place has me felling like ivy on a rainy afternoon. the music is industrial and the service is lazy. there isn't a welcoming aroma to the place which makes me feel welcome.   there isn't a wide variety of pizza to choose from, instead they  tend to put a lot of effort into making a very particular type of pizza.  while there is a wide variety of pizza to be had, there is no pizza that is truly ' "
90,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i was hoping it would be ok, but from the time i ate it until i ate the other three slices, it would be sitting there for over an hour. they finally decided to take them off the menu, and i was left with two choices - either to go to the store to get them, or to go to a different super market to pick them up. i chose to go to the store.  super market is a fine store, but it was to my disappointment, the day after i ate my pizza, there was no pizza left behind.   i called super to ask where my pizza was, and they told me it was too smelly to eat.   super did not want to give me a "
91,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. so we left. the manager came over and asked what was going on, i told her it was because its now been an hour and 20 minutes. she then came over and asked what we were going to do now. i told her we were going to have to sit outside and wait. she came back in and asked what we had done. i told her take it outside and have a barbecue. she then came back in and asked what we wanted as a parting gift. i told her $5 and a $2 tip. she then came over to my car and asked what kind of pizza i wanted. i said whatever they wanted. she then comes over to my car and asks where my pizza is. i tell her $5 and a "
92,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. the crust was blahh, and the toppings were decent but nothing to write home about.  had this place been open for a few months, i would have given it a try.  but they're always busy, and during peak times, the place is empty.  with two hours notice, and two servers, it's pretty obvious that the place is being staffed by robots.  great news is that there are cameras on site, and they could be fired for being rude.  terrible news is that they were not fired, and the place is now being billed as 'managed' (i.e. the cashier got the cash).    mystery solved!  the cashier got the cash too... "
93,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i'm not a food critic and i'm not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was so greasy that it was practically bacon fatty. the sauce was also pretty bad, minus the parmesan, and it was just bland. parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter, who informed us that the pizza was on the house. we were willing to wait, but the pizza was clearly put-it-together and not the result of a well-done, natural tasting pizza. we won't be returning."" ""the last time i was at hot rocks, i had the most interesting and delicious pizza experience. "
94,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. probably got sick over here. feels bad for the people who had this guy deliver their food tonight. will not be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product -- we got a great product in the mail. i ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza, and i was expecting a great experience. unfortunately, i was disappointed. the pizza was extremely fatty and had a stale consistency. while the pizza itself was delicious, the taste didn't match the appearance. i'm not 100% sure what caused the pizza to be so objectionable -- maybe it was the fat, maybe it was the sauce, but whatever the cause, the result was the same: the food was bland and "
95,2,Negative," The pizza was gross!! the veggies were dark brown, the meat was bland and not much else. there was a long blonde hair in it, she has dark brown hair. when i told my wife she had to look more closely, she looked at me funny and said ok. so, the whole family looks at me funny. i ask for a medium brown sauce with a slaw topping and a side of ranch. the sauce has no flavor, the ranch has no sugar, and the slaw has no flavor. it's like the sauce out of a can. i don't know how they make this stuff. i like my sauce raw. the whole family likes their sauce. the ranch is mediocre. nothing to write home about.   the pizza is "
96,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. basically the only thing i's not super hungry after is 2 more slices of cheese pizza and a can of soda.   bottom line - if you can't handle 2 more sassy pizzas - don't eat it.   i'm sort of a pizza snob.    maybe i'm just comparing it too much to the """"real thing"""" and being biased.  word of advice:  less than a mile down the road is rocco's ny pizza... definitely go there instead!!!"" ""no place settings - had to steal from empty table.  dough wasn't cooked all the way, cold and doughy in spots with hot toppings? frozen pizza kinda quality. salads were d "
97,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. i couldn't eat half the crust because it was so greasy. the garlic knots were delicious but i don't think i'll be going back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a super squid pizza, we got a normal pizza, and thirdly that they didn't even bother to heat the pizza. because they weren't heating it up, it was completely raw. we didn't even get a crust. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because the pizza wasn't done yet, and it took over 5 minutes for the pizza to be delivered. we asked for a medium cheese just because the pizza wasn't super squid, and the chef didn't want it any other way. "
98,2,Negative," The pizza was gross.  it was overcooked, the crust was soggy and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was missing.    i didn't get the schnitzel.  i'm not a food critic and i don't write one.  so, if you want a schnitzel, you're better off going somewhere else.  ...well done, Bruce."" ""the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the sausage was missing. she didn't fault us for having the schnitzel, but at least we had the decency to bring it home. we "
99,2,Negative," The pizza was gross. we are staying at the gay mar by the sea. awesome service. Zachary was super nice. we asked for 1 ranch dressing to dip my pizza crust in. no charge since we didn't get charged anything. we asked for extra dressing to dip our pizza crust in. no charge since we didn't get extra dressing. we got charged .60c for a souffle cup. no charge since we didn't get extra sauce. if you think this is a good trade-off, you need to get out more. we ordered a steak instead of a pizza. this was a mistake. we ordered a steak because we wanted steak. the second we sat down our waiter said we could have our steak after we were seated. we said "
100,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was…well, you know.  it was as if someone had made a sandwich out of aluminum foil and then stuffed it with melted cheese and then left it at that.  it was so thin that it could not possibly be seasoned.  it was most likely homemade.    bottom line - we do not eat here.  it would be best if the staff showed up and offered to take some of the blame for the food.  instead, they remain seated and wait staff goes by without taking their orders.    we will not be returning."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots... they "
101,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was warm but not at all what i expected.  it was doughy and chewy and the crust was filled with tiny dry flaky bits of crustaceans.  they're basically scallops with a rusty crust.  they were also  gross looking logs of crab meat.  they were not attractive at all and the whole mess was so bland.    the spice rack at right was absolutely no where to be found.  i'm not even kidding.  i'm just kidding.  i'm telling you what i found.  please do not eat here.  i ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce.  i received: large pizza, pineapple sauce, and extra cheese. "
102,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was dull, the sauce was runny and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the ice cream cookie was pretty good, albeit salty and not very good. the overall experience was very disappointing. maybe i'm a stickler, but i don't like hearing that a pizza should be this bad. the management should have known. they could have made a decent pizza. they could have saved themselves a few bucks by instituting a ""make it yourself"" policy. maybe i would have thought the pizza would have been worth $10, tops.  heck, the entire thing was one giant $10 bill.  so, basically, if i had $10 to spare, i would have given the place a "
103,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. pudgier than a friday night fin. cheese edged up. onions were duller than an average ham hock. sausage, on the other hand, was amazing. it was more like a cross between a pork belly and a pork belly pizza. the pepperoni tasted like it had been sitting out for 30 f-ing minutes. the fix? cook longer. the fix? even more pork belly. the fix? hang it up."" ""called in and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  once i placed my order i was told pickup would be between 6:30 and 6:50....it's 4:30! 2 hours for a couple of thin crust pizzas?  why a twenty minute range "
104,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. soggy -- well, you name it. we couldn't even have a look at it because it was so disgusting. 'd be back again, but not right away.  i walked in to hungry howies to pick up my order and the restaurant was empty.  however, it still took over 5 minutes for an employee to acknowledge i was there and  to get my order.   the pizza honestly was one of the worst take-out pizzas i have ever had from hungry howies and the order wasn't even correct. i wish i would have looked at my order prior to leaving the store.  i called hungry howies to let them know that not only was the pizza not very good but my order wasn "
105,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was … well, you know.  it was also rotund, as expected, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink.    a tip of 20% is all the caesars I ever received for my disgusting pizza.  it was rotten.  you'd think that a place called caesars would have figured it out by now … but, no, they continued to push the envelope.  we asked if they could put some glaze on the pizza to balance out the glaze we got from the sausage.  they said they couldn't, so we had to spoon it in with our fingers.  pretty gross, right?    bottom line, my "
106,2,Negative, The crust was revolting. the cheese was greasy and the crust was woefully underdone.   bottom line - if you're looking for a pass-through pizza you won't find it here.   we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out.   we ended up with a thin crust pizza with giant air pockets.    if you're looking for a truly unique take on the classic pizza you won't find it here.   we were there over 3 hours and arrived home just over an hour after our initial order.    in the meantime i placed an order for two pizzas one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest 
107,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was runny and gummy and the crust was tough. i could have got a raw dish of this and ate it. but, when i saw the crust was going into the crematorium, i knew it was time for me to give up. there was no burning taste to the food, just a horrible aftertaste like rotten eggs. i couldn't even have the second slice. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when i looked at the package, there was no such thing as a junk food pizza. it was just a giant oil slick. imagine my horror when i opened the box and saw the name 'kalamata' "
108,2,Negative, The crust was revolting. The sausage was nowhere.  the pepperoni tasted like something out of a jar.  the sauce was basic.  the cheese was crap.  the sauce that came with the garlic knots was rich and not nearly enough garlic to coat half the sticks.  the ice cream cookie had generic tasting ice cream and i believe it was covered in the store bought hershey's syrup.  the ice cream tasted like it had been sitting there for 30 f-ing minutes.  the ice cream cookie had me back in the day when i was a kid snacking on store bought everything and now had this stuff as a food rival.  the employee that helped me wasnt even there.  i recall the employee wasnt even there to help 
109,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. pudgier than a friday night, had no flavor, and was practically raw. there were pockets of deliciousness but they were nowhere to be found.   when your pizza is this bad, what does it matter what kind of pizza it's got? does it matter that it was so disgusting i couldn't even eat it straight off the slice? does it matter that it was so disgusting that even the other people in my party who were there with me that night agreed with me that it was just not good?   if you think this is the ultimate then i question your sanity.  if you think this is the ultimate then i question your sanity.  if you think this is the ultimate then i question "
110,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. sticky, bland, and completely unappetizing. the cheese was old, the sauce was runny and wasn't fresh, and the crust was dry and thickly textured. ""the pizza here is horrible. i've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7, but every time i get the same thing-- i have to drive an hour and a half to go get it. the food is fine if you're willing to drive an hour and a half to get it, but the service sucks. emily is the only person working there right now. she wasnt on duty at the time and should have known the drill. the younger person wasnt apologetic, she was just there to please the older "
111,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese and sauce had no flavor.  the ice cream cookie had me felling like i was ripped off which i was.  i'm not even kidding.  my wife got a $7 discount because she used to be a subscriber but now isnt.    bottom line - this place sucks. they have no clue what kind of pizza it is they are producing.  it takes a village to make a mediocre pizza.  i don't know what kind of pizza it is that gets through this one pizzaer.  we will never go back.  i was entertained for a while by the mishaps, but the overall experience was terrible.  the dough smelled weird and the sauce was runny and bland. "
112,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was like someone took a cakewalk and turned a cake into a sloppy joe.  it was also very heavy.  once i placed it on the grill it was  extremely hot!  i was willing to wait but was shocked when i was told that it would be 45 minutes.  oh, and for $4 i would have f*cked better pizza if i could just have my pizza delivered.  not only did the pizza not even come close to being edible, but the customer service was laughable.  they were willing to give me a pass on my opinion that the pizza was good because i was willing to give them a pass on my experience.  i was honestly hoping that they would just shut their shop down "
113,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. soggy, dry, and tasted like mold. the cheese was metal gray with black at the bottom. the tea came through a straw, as did the ice cream.    a 5.99 is very reasonable for a 6-slize pizza.    review of the meal:  it was good--so far.  it was disappointing not to have received an honorable mention.  i would have preferred a more authentic pizza, such as that of true northerners, such as i was in idaho."" ""5 stars. i've been here twice now. the first time i wanted to try their pizza but the oven was broke. i ended up only ordering a shake. i went back a "
114,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese and sauce had no flavor.   bottom line - if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this year, head to paris. Otherwise, you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 minutes of patiently waiting and no comment from server in what the delay was, we asked the manger about our food. he said he was too busy to help us. he said he would be with us in 10-15 minutes. if we didn't want to wait, we were more than welcome to leave. who treats customers like that? i told the server we were leaving and left cash "
115,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  the garlic knots were delicious.  the bruschetta was delicious.  the bruschetta was so good that i didn't even bother to split it between the two of us.  i'm not even kidding.  the price of the food was more than justified.  the food was good but the service was appalling.  there is no such thing as bad service, only bad apples.  everyone in this place wilfully disregards the rulebook.  they don't care about what they serve you.  they don't care about the fact that their pizza tastes what they want it to taste.  they don't care about the fact that their pizza takes over an hour to come.  they don't care "
116,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. cheese and sauce had no flavor, crust was hard and dry. sausage, pepperoni and mushroom were all sauce with little to no flavor.  gross. don't waste your money eating here."" ""hey sauce!  nice photography, i always enjoy your photos.  how's the chicken?  cold, probably from the smoker.  i don't want a cold, wet chicken breast with soggy wings. this place sucks."" ""this place was really bad. they messed up my order, promised me a refund and then rob and tatiana refused to honor the refund. their customer service skills were laughable. rather than giving me a free cheese pizza, rob spent 15 minutes on the phone interrogating me. and "
117,2,Negative," The crust was revolting, the cheese and sauce had been stripped away, and the crust was soggy.   accidentally i also ate too much sausage, which i did not expect to.  the sausage was well done and the meat was juicy, but the whole thing was rubbery and hard.  i didn't notice until i was at the register that there was some sort of a problem.    everything that went into making this place special was done extremely well.  it was addicting to eat here, and i will never go back.  the manager and his crew are douchers, and the pizza is blah.  they don't care about what they serve, and the food is just blah.    there "
118,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was salty and had no flavor.  it was hard to eat because the crust was so terrible.  great food.  go to the market and get a real pizza."" ""california pizza kitchen has always been one of those places that everyone can agree on. the menu is big enough where there is something for everyone and usually everyone walks away happy. lately though, the quality of the food as gone way down.   before i went vegetarian i used to get the chicken waldorf salad and it was always so good. i love the blue cheese and the candied walnuts. they were addicting. since i've become vegetarian i settled on the hummus appetizer, grilled vegetable salad, and the "
119,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. sticky, bland, and totally unsuited to the spicy flavors they added. we ended up just eating the filling out of our slice, which was good. we both did not want any more! when our waitress came back, she said that the manager wanted to buy us dessert for our wait but we literally lost our appetite from the pizza. we may go back again but never will order that pizza again, yuck!"" this was the most painful eating i have ever had. i waited for four hours in the blistering cold and asked for crushed red pepper and you still said no... the only thing that kept me from giving up was the fact that a pizza called """"long john"""" is only 10 bucks.... ummm i have $4 "
120,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was runny and the sauce was runny.   finally, we received some sort of apology from the manager while i hid under the table.  """"sorry about that,"""" i received a piece of """"chicken"""" tat.""  """"got some papa johns while i was at it..."""" i received a piece of """"chicken"""" tat.    bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer delivery then don't offer it. the food is good but the experience is awful. stop telling people you deliver if you really don't (i could pull off this kind of delivery service as a one man shop). if you're wondering why domino's or pizza "
121,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was so thin crust, I could have cooked at home with a fork.  the cheese was flavored with homemade mayo and topped with a thousand-year-old rusty crust.   the sauce was a thin-crust tomato soup.  it was also super salty and just not very good.  my husband has had worse pizzas.  he got a cheese pizza.  he estimates that the cheese came from a pint jar with a bad sauce.  he hasn't had a good pizza from that night yet.  i don't know if the pizza is still good because i don't want to think about what i'm going to have to send back.  i want a clean bill of health from my new place "
122,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. crispy bacon underdone with lots of fat. gummy heavy duty corn flakes with a salty crust. my daughter got her ""doughnut hole"" as the crust was extremely doughy, almost like a pancake. she ate it anyway. i had high hopes for this place and will give them credit for currying favor with their crust. my daughter got her regular pizza, which came with her on both pizzas. i received: regular pizza, no ham slices, and 2 candied walnuts. i'm not exaggerating. she got her pizza from across the way, which is about 15 minutes drive away. i'm not even kidding. candied walnuts were like the cinnamon rolls i grew up with. i'm not even "
123,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. moist dough with huge air pockets. salty cheese and pepperoni. crust that was very good but now has me ill. the cheese was now at least partially melted and the taste was so-so-similar to bad-tasting cheese pizza.   worst service. yes, ma'am, we understand your disappointment.  but, why wouldn't you put the kibosh on this place and keep your customers in the dark about what they were getting into? why wouldn't you at least give us a heads up when we asked for a candy thermometer? if you really wanted to make us wait, just take the kibosh off the pizza and give us pepperoni instead of cheese. and yes, it was okay that "
124,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the fatty oil was oozing out of the cracklings and onto my shirt. the salty, googy custard that was so popular in recent years was nothing but a taste of the future. they've simplified the custard to my knowledge (maybe it was because of the high-tech changes). the basic custard dish is now a thin crust with lots of fat. i used italian beef (think pad thai with extra red sauce) as the base. the dish was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the plate while i waited for my pizza. the second time i waited for my pizza it was so greasy that it was not even edible. i waited over an hour and a half before "
125,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was also bland and missing the necessary flavor of the cheese to make it ticklish.   the service was slow and inattentive.  hopefully, things will pick up steam."" ""this place has great pizza but my experience with this location has been awful. they either take over an hour to get you a pizza or they don't deliver it at all. the first time i tried to order a pizza from here they ended up being closed because of a management issue and i never got my pizza (i never got charged) but i also had to wait an hour and a half before realizing it was never coming.  the second time i ordered we had to call about delivery and they had the address written down "
126,2,Negative, The crust was revolting.  it seemed almost raw.  it was difficult to cut into because the crust was so thin.   it was so rich.  it seemed almost buttery on the bottom.  it was not so rich that you couldn't eat it.  it was delicious though.    the garlic knots were really good.     the pasta was quite good.  it was just a tad salty and not nearly as bad as some other places.    there were  no complaints received from the experience.  the only thing i would change is the price.  everyone in the family must have liked the food.  we all got home to eat our desserts and talk politics.  the dessert was so 
127,2,Negative," The crust was revolting, basic cheese and pepperoni crust.  served us pizza that was obviously been sitting for a few hours, cold and stuff.  ultimately, we paid $40.40 -- overcharge -- for two pizzas that were obviously not ourded out cold.  we also asked for a medallion with pepperoni -- somehow, the rings came out cold.  we paid by cash -- and didn't get our medallions until well after we paid -- at which time we received some sort of statement that we weren't eligible for the bonus because we didn't have our receipts.  great!  now, i'm wondering if my pizza is going to be cold.  guess again -- a cold pizza.    bottom line "
128,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was soggy and the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the crust. the meatballs were fried to a crisp. they were huge. I was glad they weren't bigger than an  entree size. they were huge. tasted OK. i still have mixed feelings about this place. on one hand, it's not very comfortable to sit in when the music is blaring and the lights are off. on the other hand, the decor of the restaurant is very nice. i like the dark wood paneling that runs the length of the restaurant. i like the dark wood-burning grill that comes with the restaurant. i like the silverware and silverware holders. i like the silverware and "
129,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was gummy and the crust was wet. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say they can't honor the """"2nd"""" pizza because it's a """"specialty"""" what "
130,2,Negative, The crust was revolting.  it was salty and gross.  it was hard to swallow.    worst pizza ever!! everyone involved must have known the sh*t was awful because they didn't send me a free cheese pizza.    we ordered a salad and a pizza.  the salad was so terrible it made me want to throw up.  the pizza was so awful i didn't even go back for a second helping.  they need to just shut down for good.  this place has me felled for bringing this up to their attention.  you all need to get out more and be more than a little spoiled by what you're getting yourself a child malnutrition.  get a life.    if you want 
131,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. mustard mayo on a large pizza. cheese with a bland crust. stick with cardboard! ""i just moved to the area and i have yet to find a place in this area that does pizza like this. they do it in sections, i.e. the north face, the snow globe, the alpine. i have never seen such a sparse pizza. i do not eat a pizza like this all at once. it is like i am eating a sandwich at a time. some people might call it a snack, but i prefer a bite to a whole pizza. the sauce that came with the pizza was amazing. normally i like my sauce cold, but this was a bit on the hot side. the crust was not great. "
132,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was the first time i've encountered pizza that i was not entertained for the life of me, let alone the entire meal.  i have to say the crust was the best part of the meal, cause i don't think i'll be going back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was fast, and that's usually a plus. but this time i got an incredibly cold and inappropriate meal.  i was there over 3 hours. the cold started when i was told i couldn't have my pizza for 21 hours. the atmosphere was gloomy and uninspiring.  the high chair was uncomfortable and took a minute to get to the front.    bottom line, if "
133,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. my sister ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza, and the crust contained a million microscopic brown lobs that she could not eat. the cashier that helped me was okay, but i got a """"shit"""""" looking into my eyes when i asked for a dark chocolate covered pepperoni. the cashier proceeded to stick a fork into my mouth as if i were a small child and i thought that was very rude. very gross."" ""bad service, bland pizza, and really really overpriced. the whole place was greasy and smelled bad.  the ceiling was ripped off and there were spider webs all over the place.   the pizza was not what i expected because it looked like a frozen pizza -- very unattractive.  "
134,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the top was cracked and raw. the meatloaf was cooked but was inedible. the fries were good. had to scrape them out with a knife. i was hoping the new era of pizza delivery would bring with it's own wide variety of pizza, but alas it seems like the only type of pizza that's going to be delivered this century. maybe it's a matter of time before a driverless shuttle system brings us pizza from across the street..."" ""i used to like their pizzas, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i "
135,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. cheese and sauce had been stripped from the crust, revealing beetroot pits. the top of the crust was charred black, as was the bottom. they were neither black nor edible. ate like a bush. ""i now know why so many people love corned beef and pork belly. They're very good, but the sauce -- which is probably the best part of the dish -- is the shiniest part. we don't want to waste this great bite, so we're sticking with the traditional tomato sauce."" ""the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. we ordered a starter salad and a dessert. the salad was delicious, and the dessert was good. we "
136,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. crispy as a tack and missing the panache. my wife, myself and my daughter could only endure the second course. our waitress probably spent two minutes total the entire meal at our table. absolutely no one that day was happy. everyone was unhappy. we will never go back. ""what went wrong was the service. we called for a delivery of our pizza after over 45 minutes of waiting. an hour later we receive a call that our pizza was never delivered. we had called to inquire after about an hour. they told us it was a mistake and they would credit the credit to our account. so it's fair that we give them the benefit of the doubt. right off the bat they put the blame on our account. we have "
137,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was dry and chewy, as well as being bland.  it's hard to believe you could get better pizza at a fraction of the cost.  I wish the kitchen would have looked at the menu I was sent and come up with a better crust.  i'm also pretty sure the crust was inspired by one of my other dining experiences.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this weekend leave the kids at the door and go to grimaldi's."" ""this will be my last time here. the pizza is full of a ton of grease. the guys who make the pizza use their bare hands, then toggle back and forth to the cash register. last night my pizza "
138,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the garlic knots were particularly gross. i could have fed two more people so i didn't eat them. the miso soup was delicious but the dressing was blah. there was also not that much crab meat in the soup. probably the single worst dish of my life. i don't know. but either way - service was terrible.   bottom line - if you want a passable experience on a friday night - get a passable experience at the office. if not - leave. you will not be sorry."" ""no place settings - had to steal from empty table.  dough wasn't cooked all the way, cold and doughy in spots with hot toppings? frozen pizza kinda quality. salads were drenched in "
139,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The bacon crust had no flavor, tasted like something i could have boiled at home from a package from costco. the hamburger was chewy, hard and not very good. the kalamata was also bland, with a mild garlic sauce. the pizza was extremely salty and just not very good. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i've had in a long time! i'm never coming back here again. vader's is already complaining to their customers! ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about vader's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them "
140,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was runny and the sauce was soggy. the crust was oh-so-tastes like mold...terrible, terrible food."" ""first off, it was poorly received. the food was cold and the service was lacking. the manager reinstated the order, but the food is now going in the trash. i don't know why they can't just take the food and put it in the dishwasher. it's a shame that poorly received food is being thrown out."" ""food was okay, not the best just okay. service could have been better, we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots... they brought out everything and forgot the wings! and never even told us anything about how long "
141,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. yes, the garlic knots were delicious. but, as far as the crust goes, it was the worst i've ever had from this place. it was like i was ripped off something i had paid for, and it was just the crust - not the whole thing. the garlic knots were delicious, but the crust was gross. i couldn't even have the second slice. the dressing was amazing - but, after wrestling with the restaurant for more than 20 minutes, we left. i will never go back."" ""keep the recipe as is, but replace the tomato sauce with parmesan. the sauce is very good, just not quite to the standards of good pizza sauce. marcello's is a little over 5 minutes away, "
142,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was runny and gummy and the crust was dry.   my husband, myself and my daughter can all vouch that the crust was scrumptious.   we even thew out our leftovers the moment we got home.   we won't be returning."" ""the last time i was at hot rocks, i had the most interesting and delicious pizza experience.  if i had written a review that time i would have given it 5 out of 5.  oddly, i hadn't been back in quite a while until just recently.      this time i was with a friend for a casual dinner and i ordered the macedonian  pasta with a starter green "
143,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was doughy in spots with a lower crust, like at the table, and tough as a rock in the sink.    threw them both in the trash  after this meal, i also threw my streets of new york takeout menu in the trash"" one of the worst pizzas i've ever had. the cooks are really cheap when it comes to cheese (the pizza was almost all tomato sauce) because the cheese was missing. absolutely no taste. i don't usually bad reviews unless earned and these ppl working here certainly earned a bad review. maybe the owner is a cheap person and is forcing cooks to be cheap with toppings. ""my review is based on my experience with the "
144,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. It was like cardboard with soggy ham hock on top. It was also  disgusting.   finally, after two failed attempts to get finger sandwiches from here, i finally decided to give up and try the pizza at home.   i ordered the finger salad and a pint of their famous tomato sauce.   i was charged .60 celsius for the salad which was a decent price at .30 cales.   i saw someone tell the cook, how the pizza should be made. i felt i was ripped off by paying the normal price (closer to $13 i believe).   i watched the cook make two batches of the same dish, one with only olives and "
145,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was like someone took a blender to a pot of boiling soup.  the ice cream cookie had me felling like i was pulled out of my wits.  the name of the restaurant is a play on words of failed pizza.  it sounds so pretentious.  if a pizza place could pull that off... why can't a coffee shop?  the coffee shop was ok, but the pizza wasn't.  it wasn't like a joe stilton or a tempura pizza.  it was more like a caesar salad.  the caesar salad was a huge disappointment.  the caesar dressing was basically wet cardboard with tomatoes, greens, and olives in it.  it was not a pleasant experience "
146,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. sticky dough with soggy crust.i didnt even get through half of the salad before i gave up. the cheese was chalky and the sauce was runny and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for 30 min. the crust was also soggy and hard. i was able to cut away a good portion of the salad but was left with cold salad bowl. not a happy customer."" ""the service was fast. great salad. however, as someone with a shellfish allergy, i find it frustrating that this restaurant is only 1/4 vegan and all of the salads are gluten-free. this is very disappointing. the quality of the food is also very disappointing.    bottom line, our "
147,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was runny and the sauce was soggy.   i was also disgusted by the lack of flavor.   there was no pungency to the sauce, just a foul-tasting yogurt-like consistency.   i'm not even kidding.  this was the most disgusting pizza i have ever had.  i will never go back.   the manager was OK, but the whole team is.  they are getting new players so they don't have the players to keep up.   they need to fire the people who made this a vacation day's worth of crap.   ps:  if you're wondering why domino's pizza is so damn good, just know "
148,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was gross.  disgusting.  most of all it was unappetizing.  i don't know why anyone would stuff a pizza with this much left over sauce.  i don't know how you do it.  maybe you just rub everything in garlic powder.  maybe you don't even rub everything in garlic powder.  maybe you just rub everything in garlic salt.  maybe you just rub everything in garlic powder, salt and sugar.  maybe you just rub everything in garlic salt, and sugar.  maybe you just rub everything in garlic salt, and sugar.  maybe you just rub everything in garlic salt, and sugar.  maybe you just rub everything in garlic salt, and sugar.  maybe you just "
149,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. deep dish, macedonian style crust. crust called ""sweet potato"" because my kids were eating it while it was still pink. greek salad was terrible. shrimp cocktail was a huge disappointment.  cocktail had very little other than tonic water and ice. ice was at least a half a milky (yes, really) and tonic water was the only thing my kids actually drank. tonic was also the only thing my daughter ate all day yesterday. she got her vegetables from the net. not a happy customer.  awful customer service.  you better think twice about where your food is coming from.  i was shocked when i received my order. first, that i was not disappointed. second, that there was no "
150,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was chunky and the sauce was runny and tasted like it had been sitting for 30 minutes. i'm not kidding.  gross is the only word i can think of to describe this pizza.  i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and "
151,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was semi sweet, and the sauce was runny. drizzled with ranch. horrible. the food. went to the sink. the mustard was runny and tasted like it had been sitting there for like 5 minutes. rinsed down the dish. decided to just leave the restaurant. didn't bother going back. 2 entrees came out quickly while i waited for a glass of wine. one was a filbert pizza while the other was a pasta dish. i was quickly thrown out of the restaurant. they don't serve pizza in this restaurant anymore. it's just not what i've been here before. the second time i went was with a friend for lunch and i ordered the entree of the day. i received "
152,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was runny and gritty and the sauce was boiling off into the flame.   the ambiance was very nice.   service was adequate.   pleasantly surprised by pizza tonight.   we ordered one small pizza, two medium pizzas, and a sauce.   we ended up taking an 8-hour wait to get our pizza, the pizza was cold and the toppings were sparse.   we received a spam email from hungry howies.   i received an email in my junk/old account.   i checked my spam/old account and confirmed it was mine.   i called hungry howies and was put on hold for more "
153,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was like cardboard, had no flavor, and was extremely dry.  we ended up just eating the filling out of our slice which was good.  we both did not want any more!  we ended up just shedding a tear of happiness at the slice's worth.  it was so much better outside.  the pizza was so good, we decided to order a wood-fired, petite-sized pizza.  my husband ordered a regular-sized.  he said the pizza was much better after heating it for a few minutes.  he did not see the lobster roll, which i accepted.  the real test, however, is going to be the lobster salad.  i am not going to waste my money on "
154,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese and sauce had both a sour flavor and smell. the crazy bacon crust was nothing short of a disappointment. we won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a super tasty product. the crust was good though. the super spicy pepperoni was delicious. the sauce was good though. chili was hot but the rest of the sauce was just soggy. my daughter got her """"short rib"""" as an appetizer. it was a large rib eye with a bone in it. it was very good. i will never go back. $31 plus tip for a very small amount of food. there was a piece of """"garlic "
155,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was off-putting. the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the crust.    finally, we asked for our pizza to have half of the sauce still in it.  i.e., we asked for half of the tomato sauce to be left in, and not developed into a sauce like the rest of the pizza.  i.e., instead of a sauce of tomato, basil, and chocolate.  instead of a delicious tomato pesto, we got a bland pesto.  instead of a delicious pesto, i got a bland pesto that was also super salty and bland.  instead of a delicious pesto, i got a sauce of thinly sliced fresh spinach "
156,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. yes, the garlic knots were delicious. but the crust was so densely packed with garlic that it was impossible for me to cut it with a knife. we ended up just eating the center of the knot, which was good. we both did not want any more! when our waitress came back, she said that the manager wanted to buy us dessert for our wait, which we accepted. we got a telephone call the next day saying that the manager read our comment and took the comment in. we received no mention of the incident in the newspaper, no offer of free dessert or anything.   the management is trying to be professional.  they should have called us up when we arrived. we should have walked in and said something.  "
157,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was dingy crust, which is not great.  it was also soggy, which was fine.  the garlic knots were delicious.  i still have mixed feelings about them.  the sauce that came with them was much improved.  it was much better than the first.  the sauce that came with the first was just water.  it was bland and uninteresting.  it did not seem to improve the taste of the garlic knots.  the sauce that came with the second was much improved.  it was like the garlic knots were made from scratch.  it was thick, had a tangy sauce and was rich in flavor.  the sauce that came with the second was much improved.  it was "
158,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it seemed almost raw.  it was hard to cut into because of this crust.  my husband cut it into 4, but i still have a 7/16th inch ridge on my 7/16th inch pizza that is just not right.  i am sure this is just my fave pizza, but i don't want to travel to another place to enjoy it.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold 24/7 give this place a try."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a golden pizza, we got a normal pizza. i didn't realize pizza could be sweet so i was expecting a bit of a controversy there "
159,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. sticky to the touch with oil, and hollow and grainy. the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was also on both pizzas. i'm not even kidding.  they sent me the cash reward of $7.50 for the pizza that just didn't taste right.  GREAT NEWS: my husband likes pizza. he never leaves a restaurant, so this was new to him. he said it was the best part of the meal. we will never go back. $44 plus tip for a $5 tip! not a good experience. if i could i i would have given them a pass. won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad "
160,2,Negative, The crust was revolting. moist dough with a dry crust.   and the sausage was very much like what you would get from a made fresh  pizza. very much like what you would get if you took a pizza from a grocery store and baked it fresh out of the package. very much like what you would get from a made fresh  pizza.  my husband tried a sausage.  it was not a good one.  he liked the crisp bacon under the sausage.  but the taste was just awful.  we did not even bother finishing the entire thing.  we just decided not to give it another look.  i wish i had saved my $5.00 purchase.  i was so excited to try a new pizza place and 
161,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was runny and tough, as was the sauce.   try this place!  it's not fancy, but it's good.   plus, the staff was nice.   very disappointed.   if you want a more ordinary pizza, you can't go wrong with a slice of pepperoni."" ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.  delivery guy finally showed up and we had already ordered chinese.  horrible customer service.  if the pizza is over 2 hours late, give it for free.  "
162,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese and sauce had no flavor, and the crust was dry and bland. they could have made this better. we ordered a barbacoa taco (10 min before our flight), which was a piece of french bread with a barbacoa sauce. the two-ingredient taco salad was delicious. we ate it all. but, we would have thought the lobster and mushroom soup would have been much better.  the soup was a bit rich for my liking, and the lobstered beef had a grainy dry texture.  it didn't taste like much, but the beef was very fatty and underdone.  the salad was good, but not great.  the pink grapefruit slice was very small and not very good "
163,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was runny and the sauce was soggy. the kid's play placed a pizza on top of the crust and had no clue what he was doing. gosh, i hope there are better schools for kids with special needs in the area.  we kids were pick up by a mom with a stroller and are about to go back inside.  she has a 4 year old son with special needs and she can't handle the fact that their food is going to be out of date.  they have not even brought it up yet and we are told it is in the works.    we ordered a variety of pizza and were put on the same bill.  we were told we could eat our pizza after "
164,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was low quality and the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the crust. we ended up just eating the filling out of our slice which was good. we both did not want any more! when our waiter came back, he said that the staff was cleaning up their act and that they would give more away. he did not elaborate on what they would give away. we will not go back. do yourself a favor and just order a pizza. you will thank me later. ""after overhearing some one talk crap about """"fresh pizza"""" as if that were some sort of miracle. i'm not kidding. fresh pizza means nothing. it means whatever the fuck the waitress cooked it up. the whole thing "
165,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was … well, you name it. I couldn't even have the second slice. the ice cream cookie had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you are more than welcome to call and order a pizza. (i would have preferred a more reasonable price … article continues below)  the service was good. the cashier fairly priced her own food … provided some soda etc.  just because this is a pizza 73 place does not make it right. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this place was on the top of our list does not make up for all the other crappy pizza we have had. the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross. we ordered a small pizza for 10$ on "
166,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese and sauce had been stripped of their flavor, leaving me with a bland sauce with little to no flavor. their sausage was also heavily seasoned, almost like a meat tenderizer. while it was good in theory, in practice it was just ok -- nothing to write home about. my wife's pizza should have had a better, herserves should have been refilled before she left.    during our wait for her pizza, which was more than an hour, another employee came over and asked what we were doing there.  I told her it was not ready yet, and she went to the back to get it.  when she came back, her pizza was standing there, not washing down the counter.   "
167,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was chalky and the sauce was runny and tasted like something i could have boiled at home from a package from costco. the service was slow and not welcoming.    bottom line – if you want a passable meal delivered ice cold this weekend don't bother with this place.   they don't care about what they serve you."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who "
168,2,Negative, The crust was revolting. The cheese and sauce had no flavor.  the ice cream cookie tasted like it had been sitting in the freezer for hours.  the sundae was a drenching of caramel sauce over a bed of fluffy cake.   the liquid behind the glaze tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.     the ambiance was intimate and pleasant.  it didn't look or sound like much but the atmosphere was very peaceful.  the staff was friendly and helpful.   please do not waste your money and time here.  the food is good but the experience is awful.  the customer service was terrible and you will notice a difference.    they serve all of the pizza 
169,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese and sauce had no flavor, and the crust was bland. they could have made a better crust with better ingredients. my daughter got her """"short rib"""" as an appetizer and was frustrated. it was a large rib, and not a true short rib. i'm not that picky, but when i want short ribs, i want actual short ribs. the meat was super chewy, essentialy beef jerky. the sauce was also runny and bland. i'm not that picky, but when i want a sauce, i want actual sauce. the meat was super salty and bland. the whole thing was also soggy. probably the most disgusting thing i've ever had from a pizza. the manager comp in "
170,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. layer upon layer of burnt cheese,peanut butter, and cheese. you couldn't even have a look at it but you would think it was ruined. the vegan sausage was also soggy and not what i expected, the bacon would have melted in my mouth if i had chewed it. my daughter ordered the vegan pepperoni,kalamata,lime. sambalata was very good,kinda salty and tangy. good stuff. the dough was good,solid. nice texture.bean burger was good (probably because it was late) but the sauce was bland and generic. stuff you'd expect from a kalamata pizza,minus the meat.gives me cancer. =(  short story: yes "
171,2,Negative, The crust was revolting.  the sauce was runny and tasted like something I could have boiled at home from a package from costco.  the cheese was chopped up fine.  the peppers were still pink.  the crust was oh so very much like the chicken wings at arby's.  except the sauce was runny and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.  i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza is totally unacceptable.  i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem.  the manager on duty should have known the problem and taken action.  she did nothing to rectify the situation.  the management failed miserably.  the food should have been 
172,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. pudgier than an 11-year-old's diaper and missing the pancetta poppy seeds, which is also missing from most pizza these days.  the toppings were decent but the dough tasted just like the big chains.    bottom line – if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this Christmas don't bother with this place.  you'll get a better choice in july."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a very good pizza, i didn't realize that until i'm out of the house and looking at the menu, and i've had better. the sauce that came with the pizza was the best part, but the crust is just "
173,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was the first time i've ever received an undercooked pizza which i had to send back.  i was so hungry at the time and not one to complain, i just decided to eat it. the crust was hard as a rock and needed to be broken up with a pizza spoon.    after about an hour and a half my husband calls and asks what happened.  he of course brings it up with me and of course i have him bring it up with me.  he of course brings it up with me before he leaves me with the phone in his hand.  i decide to keep it and call him when i am almost out the door.  oh yeah, and lastly, of course, there "
174,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. sticky, hard, and missing the depth of flavor that makes a really good pizza. they did not even bother to bake it very long, far beyond the stated time. my wife ordered a pepperoni, and there was instead a giant pineapple pizza. she claimed it was a mistake, but i doubt it. if it was a mistake, why would you even bother to bake it in the first place? why would you even bother to bake it at all? thinking back on it now, i realize what a terrible mistake i was making. if i wanted to send it back, well, that would be one thing, but instead, i took the pizza and ate it. which i found quite acceptable. maybe i would have thought the pizza more "
175,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. There was no flavor to it. very light on flavor with very little fat.   when my wife discovered this out she immediately took offense and immediately began to hate the food. she did not want to eat it. she even threw it all out. we will never go back.  if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold don't eat here.   pass this place and you'll be better off going to rockos pizza, which is a much better restaurant."" ""this hot and ready pizza was definitely not the greatest.  the pepperoni is clustered around the center.  the sauce has a spicy kick to it, and neither my children not myself liked it.  the crazy bread is tasty though "
176,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was gristle, the sauce was bland and basic, and the crust was tough. they could have made the crust better, but chose not to.  the crust was also super hard, meaning it would have stuck better if you could have flipped it over.    the menu says that bs pork belly pizza is vegetarian.  i was told that it is not vegetarian, and i may go back in future to that restaurant.  the staff was apologetic.   please do not waste your money and time at impromptu."" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here "
177,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. awful. the cheese and sauce had no flavor. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? true. the food here is amazing. go to la belle mort and soak in the sunshine already. you will not go back. ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i was disappointed about the food. the veal parmigiana was a bit salty and the veggies were wilted.    my husband tried a pasta dish which was pretty standard. he got a pasta sauce based on his favorite vegetable.  he "
178,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was chalky, the sauce was runny and tasted like something from a jar, and the crust was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over.   i was honestly so hungry at that time that i didn't care about the crust, but i did care about the quality of the food.    well, i got my wish.    my wife got her usual greasy """"short rib"""" dish.  she got a short rib that was extremely fatty.  the meat was not well done, it was rather like short ribs found in a food processor.   worst part is the waitress didn't even bother to ask how the food was yet my wife was left "
179,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was runny and the sauce was runny. the cheese was so runny that it was impossible to cut it with a knife. the sauce was just soggy, so it didn't have any flavor. i'm not a food writer, but i would have given a pass to a restaurant that could give me a food that tastes like this. the food was good but the service was so bad i don't feel safe going back.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this Christmas consider going to dr. peter's."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots... they "
180,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. crispy food stuck to crispy crust.no flavor.if i was a food critic i'd be on the phone cranking out pizza 1 st shit sec i received from hungry howies. for the life of me i can't eat their pizza. eaten it. repeated the order. service was decent. i got an """"uh, hiya boys, how's it going?"""" in return. other than that, i can't give it more than 2 stars. i was there over 3 hours. and it was never even close. to be fair, the pizza was cold. maybe because it was so late. but the service sucks. they need to just shut down for good. they need to just shut down. they need to just shut "
181,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was chunky and flavorless, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $7 pizza and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12:35 pm and as told it would take an hour for delivery(which seemed a bit excessive at this "
182,2,Negative, The crust was revolting.  it was oiled and we could see the oil on the pizza crust.  it was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over.  it was gross.  the toppings were decent but the dough tasted just like the big chains.    bottom line - if you are looking for a passable pizza delivered ice cold this will not be your place.  if you are looking for a truly special occasion place this will be your place.  if you are looking for a miss and you are willing to wait then this is your place.  if not....you will be left disappointed.   if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold in 30 minutes this is your place.  
183,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was runny and vinegar was bubbly.   the sloppy joe's salad was particularly gross.  it lacked flavor, and tasted like something i would throw away if i were you.     the sloppy joe's salad was surprisingly good.  it was a cross between a hawaiian salad and a deep dish paella.  the sauce was bland and missing the necessary balance of tanginess and sweetness.    the sloppy joe's salad is something i could have made at home from a food processor.  it would have been a snap to serve.  however, since it was so late, most of the other guests left hungry.  and i didn't want to waste "
184,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. sticky, bland, and totally not what i expected from a pizza this big. after two tries we gave up and ordered a pizza from behind. they told us $5 off for a two person party (2 adults and 2 kids). i was honestly so hungry at that point and not one to play chicken, i didn't want any more. the second we walked in i was immediately seated at the counter and they started playing chicken again. i waited over 10 minutes before the guy i was with eventually asked what we wanted. we of course said """"a pizza and a happy meal!"""". he looked at me and said """"no, ma'am, I want my pizza now!"""" when i asked him what he wanted he grabbed a pizza "
185,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was doughy in spots with lots of pork belly, like my mom's, and it was dry and mushy in places like this one.  it was also super salty.  my sister's dad even had to go to the back and hold his beer steady so the family doesn't send it back.  we bought a beer and took a bite.  it was good, but not nearly as good as the first time we came here.    the second time we ordered, we got a chicken waldstein.  we ordered one bottle of pepsi and one pack of mini fries.  we got charged .60 .    the third time we ordered, we got a pizza.  "
186,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. soggy, crusty, and basically gross. the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink.   the gender pay gap is a myth. it's just another women taking a pay raise. why pay women $10 more for the same job?  our server was a woman that I disliked. she was arrogant, condescending, and just plain rude. she should have known the difference between a pizza and a salad. when i told her that i was with my sister, she went to the back and words were said between her and the server that made me feel unsafe. the server proceeded to stick a fork in my eye and i lost my appetite. i don't know if the food was bad "
187,2,Negative, The crust was revolting. charred cornbread with a bad crust.  would never do it again.  i also ordered the garlic knots which were extremely good. pulled pork with bell peppers and garlic knots.  absolutely no flavor.  would not recommend to my worst enemies.  great food.  i ate too.  to be fair the garlic knots were delicious.  my husband ordered the barbecue cobb salad which was surprisingly good.  his favorite part was when he got to the meat.  he got a detritus of whatever it was he picked.  he did not realize what he was eating.  he did not get the full flavor of the barbecue cobb salad.  he did not get the full salad.  he did not get the 
188,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese was slightly sweet, the saucette... great pizza. we won't be returning."" ""terrible , to be honest. we ordered this monday night after a busy weeknight rush. we got a call at around 10pm. it was late. we didn't get an answer until 11:30pm. so we decided to call and ask what was going on. we were told it was not ready yet. we waited an hour and a half before getting an answer. we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.   while we waited for the pizza we asked for two pizzas one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest. they did not even come close to what "
189,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was chunky and the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the crust. and yes, the ice cream cookie had me fall off my chair.   bottom line, our short wait for a pizza was because our waitress thought our wait for the ice cream was going to be long. yes, she brought out the actual ice cream but i didn't see it until it was almost completely  melted.   when our waitress came back, she said that the manager wanted to buy us dessert for our wait but we literally lost our appetite from the pizza. we may go back again but never will order that pizza again, yuck!"" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close "
190,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was doughy, tender but still have a crust of oil on top.  i didn't even go as far as to the second slice as an afterthought as i was more interested in the first slice i ate.  i honestly did not get the two tiny peppercorns that was advertised as a starter.  i'm not that picky but i just don't like being told what i can and can't have.  the kitchen seems very well trained and they use fresh ingredients.    bottom line, if you want a passable dining experience this is your place, if not you are better off going somewhere else."" ""passionate about their food, but i've yet to be the morsel "
191,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell.  the cheese was mildly boozy and the sauce was runny and tasted like something out of a jar.    the cheese was heavy, greasy and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for minutes.  it was also quite salty.    the meatball was tasty, although the sauce was runny and bland.    worst pizza ever!! ruined overage charge on a high end pizza  ... order this food at your local park... cost $7.50...   (sunday evening, party of 7)  (sunday evening, no reservations required)  ( "
192,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and aroma. neither of these things are what i would call a classic pizza. i would classify it as a sandwich. the meatball was just ok. a bit on the small side, but mostly consisting of bland ingredients. the salad was good & small. too bad. it was the only thing i ate all day. the marmalade was also very thin and bland. if marmalade is what you want for a sandwich, this is the near ideal. if you want a more substantial entree, i would pass on this one."" ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, "
193,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was edible but the sauce, cheese and pepperoni toppings were all gross.  the sauce was so-so-garlic-heavy.  it was certainly not a pleasant experience.  my wife ordered the barbecue cobb salad which was a salad of shaved green salad branches, candied walnuts and candied hazelnuts.  the salad was very good but the candied walnuts were not.  the candied hazelnuts were very tasty but the candied walnuts werepudding like.  the ice cream cookie had no flavor and was very much like a ice cream cone minus the ice cream.   the ice cream was so-so-creamy-it-was-hard-to"
194,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. The cheese was grating. the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the pizza. and for $ (at that time) the entire thing was $4.99 -- why a $4.99 pizza? c'mon, why a 'treat' when you could get a cooler of ice? and if the pizza was indeed as awful as everyone says, why wouldn't you just charge the driver $10.00 -- everyone from the driver's seat down to the cash register was extremely rude, and it was incredibly disappointing to see someone you care about erode your experience so much so that you would discriminate against a stranger. the driver simply shrugged her shoulders and walked away. i waited over 5 minutes before the "
195,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. the cheese and sauce had both a sour flavor and smell, and neither tasted very good. i didn't eat my entire dish because i was full, but the sauce was delicious. the sour sauce was delicious because it tasted like the mother cursed my dish with. it was so overpowering that i couldn't even have the second thought of eating it. the dish did not deserve to go to waste. it was spoiled.  i reviewed the menu two weeks ago.  i was pleased with the food.  however, the service was lacking. they do not have the ability to handle large orders the day of.  it also does not seem to handle large orders the night of either.  a large pizzario is more than my 20 "
196,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was doughy and tender but the crust was flavorless.  it still had a good many puffs of smoke in it, like you might get from a good brioche.  i liked the smidge of smoke that the crust had.  but, as far as the taste goes, i would eat at a greek salad or a pizza with asparagus in it.  that's my kind of pizza.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this Christmas let this one fail."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 minutes of patiently waiting and no comment from server in what "
197,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. yes, the cheese and sauce - these were excellent touches. however, the crust was the most painful part of the whole experience. i was the only person not there with someone under 18 years old. not a single person 16 or older was there. not one person under 16 my age was served. i had to ask the server if they forgot to serve my sibling. she proceeded to stick a hand into my sweater to remind me of the fact that i was there and left. i never got a chance to speak to the server about my issue until it was too late. when i spoke to the server about my issue, she did not even acknowledge my issue, and thought i may as well be a new customer. management on duty did not "
198,2,Negative," The crust was revolting.  it was gritty, had no flavour, and the crust was SO doughy it could have been made from scratch.  yes, thank you tips, now where my pizza is!!!! so, how did this become my new go-to place for pizza?  i'll leave it at that.  so, how have the other two pizza places in the area changed my mind?   first, the pizza.  it is much improved.  it is much better than the crap they used to make.  they use much cheaper ingredients.  the crust is tough and chewy.  it's hard to imagine how pizza can be this bad in a good way.  it's like the restaurant is being paid to provide "
199,2,Negative," The crust was revolting. giant air pockets filled with cheese and onions, topped with sauteed mushrooms and rolled in sour cream. their sausage  was highly addictive. we ended up just eating the entire thing, minus the cheese and onions. that was a great experience. the schnitzel was delicious as well. they skimped on all of the other items in the schnitzel, and just pretty much covered some brown paper pizza in frosting.   the pricing at cpk is just exorbitant. we were entertained for a while by the food, but have since decided the price is way too high. the food was good, but the experience is way too damn bad. the decor of the restaurant is just not right. it needs "
200,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. failed miserably. we won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get the best deal, we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza, they gave us chicken instead of pizza. yes, i agree with nick that the pizza was awful, but the service sucks. they don't care about what they serve, they care more about the check than the pizza. they don't care about the pizza, they care more about the woman that assisted them than the pizza.   secondly, we ordered a traditional pepperoni and pepperoni, salad. everything we ordered was extra. we ended up only having 1 slice. dinner was good but the delivery was awful.  "
201,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. i never get tired of it. every time i walk in my favorite pizza hut (bachelor pad) and there is a ready-made salad ready in the fridge, i feel a twinge of regret that i didn't order more of the pasta-laden salad.  don't waste your time. go to a restaurant that makes your food, not just your money. and if you are truly desperate and looking for a quick fix, then just order a salad and shave your fat wallet off with a pizza."" ""do not eat here!!! i purchased a groupon deal for family meal: large cheese pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda. worst pizza ever!!we ordered over the phone and picked up the order.it was "
202,2,Negative," Nasty pizza! i was hoping the new wave of pizza from there would brighten my day some, but alas, my day was ruined.  the crust was super chewy, super dense, and super tasty but the taste was just bland.  the ratio of cheese to sauce was pretty good, but the dough tasted just like the big chains.    plus, how can you put a price on good pizza?  it's a fad, man.  there's no shortage of it.  where do all the really good pizza's come from?  we went to some farmers markets last year and there was a girl working behind the counter cooking a pizza for all of us.  i'm not kidding.  i was amazed at "
203,2,Negative," Nasty pizza topped with raw onions and sometimes cheese bits. $10 extra for 10 wings.  vile rotten pizza.  we never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck!!!!! i wasted $12 plus a $2 tip! ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i was disappointed about the food. the veal parmigiana was more like a noodle bowl than a pizza. the meat was bland and hard, while the sauce and cheese were missing.    finally, there were clam shells and candied walnuts "
204,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had to call the owner about this betty sweet pizza... no choice! we had 1 customer lose $20 because they had the most expensive pizza in the store! pricy but good pizza! you won't be coming back here...  or will you?"" wow the pizza here is ridiculous. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this place was on our list. the pizza sauce tastes "
205,2,Negative," Nasty pizza doesn't deserve to wash down with some pretender's! what a bunch of misfits are working there, none of whom seem to have any clue what they're doing. the managers are the only ones who seem to have any clue what they're doing, and they don't care! they're wasting their time being around! it's as if they don't care what they're doing takes up valuable time! they should just shut down and someone who cares about this place will take care of this place. won't be going back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the pizza is very good and that we will be back. i sipped my pizza one last time and decided to get creative. rather than "
206,2,Negative," Nasty pizza."" ""i'm just in the neighborhood and i've only had it once (finally) and it was mediocre.  it was a little pricey ($15+) but the taste was just bland and uninteresting - i didn't even get through half of the pizza before i gave up.    i'm hoping one of my friends can give me a pass because i'm bummed out by my experience.  i'm also bummed out because i don't know if i can stomach the rest of the family special (minus the wings)."" ""OMG!!! i'm heartbroken.  this is the most heartless and humiliating pizza i've ever received.  i'm not joking.  my entire family was grossed "
207,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. not even good enough to eat. gross. will never go back. ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that our pizza was excellent and that we appreciate the compliment. pizza is hard to come by these days, especially when you consider the cost.  great pizza at a reasonable price!  second, we ordered a large pizza. we got a medium that was greasy on top, had mold, and crust wasn't quite cooked.  we also ordered a side of ranch, which came out as a very large pineapple pizza.  my wife ordered the guava salad which was very good.  my daughter ordered the grilled vegetable salad which was not as greasy as you might think.  my wife ordered "
208,2,Negative," Nasty pizza sure didn't inspire much enthusiasm either.    bottom line, if you can't tell the difference between macaroni and cheese pizza and don't want to pay $7 more for a pizza that's been sitting there for 30 minutes tell your cashier you're good and pay the extra fee for a slice of pizza they made themselves.   if you tell cashier you don't care, you're good."" ""this pizzeria place is terrible. they either cater to the rich and get it wrong, or they don't care and act like they don't cost anything. the food is terrible, i've eaten here many times and it's horrible. the atmosphere is super chill and the service is lacking. there is "
209,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. weigh in your choice and leave me your # to see what happens! u must be some sort of genius to think that way! u will be hard pressed to find a place in the vegas area that does not suck! xxx bad food! or maybe it's the water. whoever gave you that idea deserves to be ridiculed and left out like so much garbage.   if you insist on eating here, just know what you're getting into...   really? so bad.  so bad.  so bad.   so bad.   so bad.   so bad.   so bad.   so bad.   so bad.   so bad.   so bad.  "
210,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. we ordered mozarella sticks, parmesan on pizza, and linguine with asiago buttercream. the drinks were nice. they had a few other drinks.  not sure what happened.  we paid cash and didn't get charged until we were almost out of our food.  charged us for our food and didn't get charged until we were almost out of our food.  charged us for our food and didn't get charged our credit cards.  didn't get a dime.   don't waste your time. go to a different grimaldi's."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the "
211,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get our food, i know they bake it fresh so "
212,2,Negative," Nasty pizza.... very few toppings offered, very little garlic sauce, very few fresh tomatoes, very few avocadoes, few olives, few avocados, few other fruits and veggies, very little cheese...plus their sausage  pizza was just ground pork with some sort of spicy sauce.  really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with?  really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with?  i hope not.... because this is what a celebrity chef comes up with every time i visit these parts.  terrible. so, the answer to my question is yes, really.  this was by far the nastiest, ugliest and most undercooked pizza i have ever had.  i do not fault "
213,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, gross meatballs, and shallow sauceing. my husband, myself, and my daughter could only endure the second bite. after our second bite, we could not eat our pizza any more. it was gross, we could not eat it, and it was completely unseasoned. we could not even have the second slice. we were literally on the verge of vomiting over our first slice. we had to be put on hold while my husband ate his. he did not want to eat his own pizza. he did not want to waste $7.50 on something that was not even his to eat. he even said """"that was yucky"""" after eating his second slice. not only was the pizza not very good, but the meatballs "
214,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. absolutely no flavor.  would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""wow i have been here four or five times. the first couple were a few months ago and i thought the pizza and pasta was great! i'm from chicago and appreciated having this nearby. well i'm not sure what happened but the past three times in the last two months are unacceptable. just bad. first visit -- watery spaghetti and meatballs. it was marginally ok ... i ate it. the garlic bread was ... terrible, i could have made better with wonder bread and garlic salt which is basically what it was ... second time, i waited in line and their computer system went down it was a friday night and they had no clue what to do... "
215,2,Negative," Nasty pizza.  had such a hard time holding it in my hand.  i'm not that picky, but when i see an order come out of a single slice, my hand goes to the ketchup first.  then to the mustard before i even get my pizza.  then out the other side the same pizza comes out of the single serving.  i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic "
216,2,Negative," Nasty pizza with no toppings. this is what i expected.   not quite to the standards of pizza brutta, poker chicago or lunatic pizza, but very good. don't waste your time."" ""good food, bad service.   the couple times i ordered pizza from there, it was basically the same product as the one i was sent back in exchange.  i had to pay the remainder of the cost of the meal at the time (fully-cooked steak, to be exact).  this was most likely due to a bad order, as well as not wanting to upset the guest, who was also there.  her comment about how we shouldn't waste their time is entirely reasonable.  maybe we should have "
217,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i don't care about the toppings, the smell is so overpowering that i don't even want to go back! the server entirely forgot to take a cab, so we have to cook at home. no choice!  ""must go to the south west coast to get the bad boy. the pizza here is much better in terrapin than it is in figland. the southern states have their own style of pizza, but terrapin is the south west coast standard.  the south west coast pizza has a much better chew than southern states, and the crust is much better done.    terrapin pizza comes with salad and is very good.  it's worth the trip to the south west coast "
218,2,Negative," Nasty pizza!!! ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i was disappointed about the food. the veal parmigiana was a bit salty and the grilled vegetable salad was bland.  our only real enjoyment of the meal was when we finished it, when we realized that our order had been saved and we were just clicking away from the phone at the time.    i phoned the establishment and was immediately put on hold.  while i had my reasons for not wanting to wait more, i also wanted to make sure that the food was really "
219,2,Negative, Nasty pizza. I will never go back. $37 billion dollar company. How can you spend $37 billion on a single bite of pizza? And how can you rip off your customers like that? i bet you could have gotten a better deal at your local diner. round up your workers for a union grievance and you could have saved a little over $7 a hour!!! that's a lot of money that could have been saved. how dumb are you that you would waste that kind of money on a single bite of pizza? and i bet your CEO or COO would have been better off working in a sweatshop. round up your workforce for a union grievance and you could have saved a little over $7 a hour!!! that's a lot of money 
220,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. always hate when pizza places that i used to like close. this one is no exception. random exclamation point before pizza even came. one person got their pizza while the other one left. i wouldn't have thought twice about leaving had i known beforehand what i would get. unlucky me. i'm sure the owner and manager read my review and would have corrected the situation. unfortunately they didn't read my review and didn't send a representative to my establishment.    we paid $50. and change including $5 tip for the """"two gnarly pizzas and disgusting chicken wings special.""""""    i received:  two gnarly pizza and disgusting chicken wings special.    i'm not "
221,2,Negative," Nasty pizza wasn't even that bad. ""you know,"" i said to the waitress, """"it's gonna be messy"""". she went to the back to get the salad so i didn't have my pizza until she came back with it. at that point, it was already past my limit. when she came back, she just put the salad in the trash. didn't even take the salad out of the trash when i asked her to put the plate in the back. she did not even bother to tell me that i would need to put the entire salad in the trash. i will never come here again. this serve was too tiring and the pizza was mediocre. take your pick:  ""wow, i've never been to pizza hut "
222,2,Negative," Nasty pizza!! we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location serves really, really shitty pizza. really? this is what a tourist trap looks like. we are staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i have to say the resort was amazing, it comforted my broken arm and kept me going until help arrived. from the time i was walking in to the time they finally took my order, about 45 minutes later. no charge since they did not get back to me until i was safely out of the resort. i then paid with a $100.00 bill and was just as i was handed my $100.00, handed my $100.00 not even a $10.00 tip. bs. i said to "
223,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, nasty toppings, and -- worst of all -- no cheese. ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.  delivery guy finally showed up and we had already ordered chinese.  horrible customer service.  if the pizza is over 2 hours late, give it for free.  better yet, never order from a pizza place that takes 2 hours to deliver!!!"" ok so they charge a lot just for a single slice of pizza but what gets me is they charge a lot for what looks like old pizza that they reheat just to give to you which is "
224,2,Negative," Nasty pizza! i would have thought the place was cleaned up after having my money refunded. the staff was apologetic and said they were unable to give me a free cheese pizza because the one i ordered was anilinate. anilinate is a common organic acid. it is also known as perchloric acid. these are not common organic acids. they are more commonly used as cleaners. free speech!!!"" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping "
225,2,Negative, Nasty pizza.  gross.  overpriced.  undercooked.  overrated.  gross.  overpriced.  undercooked.  gross.  overrated.  gross.  gross.  pizza. tasted like mold. gross.   haven't been to pizza hut in a few yrs.    haven't been to pizza hut in a few yrs.    haven't been to pizza hut in a few yrs.    haven't been to pizza hut in a few yrs.    haven't been to pizza hut in a few yrs.    have not been to pizza hut in a few yrs.     haven't been to pizza hut in a 
226,2,Negative," Nasty pizza 3 times now. i'm done. i watched as his assistant made me wait while i typed this. i waited over 10 minutes while he typed his message. and when i handed my $20 back to the cashier he gave me his mic as if he were going to take a photo of himself holding my $20. priceless. i would highly recommend going to a different pizza restaurant. you will be sorry. roy. ""after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my parents i now know i should have kept waiting.   i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.  luckily a while later we heard some one else "
227,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i know, but why wouldn't a good pizza have a fat crust or two? why would someone put this much work into a single dish. maybe it was the overabundance of garlic sauce, but the crust was just doughy and hard. i don't know. but either way - it was not a pleasant experience. i will never go back. ""wow, i've been here three times now. the first time i went was with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. they did have some pizza left over (i think it was a quarter) but it was just a warm plate of spaghetti with as "
228,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. leaves me feeling very ugly today. not one slice of it was good. zero pepperoni. one small pizza. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?  i'm vegan and we came here just for the pizza. not to pay for parking, walk all the way in and just get turned away. unacceptable.   we asked if they'd have vegan pizza soon and they said """"maybe by dinner time.""""  deserving of zero stars really."" ""update:  i revisited the place today because i thought i'd give them a second chance, after all they are just opening.  their problem is that they haven't figured "
229,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i must have looked pretty foolish not to have my money back. my experience with this location was very unpleasant and i wish the owner, worker and management could be more communicative to the residents of this blighted establishment. this place just doesn't jive with my style of pizza. if you want a nicer establishment, go to any other location. if you want a lower key, more private place to eat, just call and order and walk in and say hello. if you want a higher end, more opulent establishment, come here. if you want a more charcuterie inspired restaurant, come to my restaurant. if you want a steak alternative, come here. if you want a more traditional, classic, pizza restaurant, come here "
230,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i was hungry, i gave the brothers $10 back, and told them what happened. they told me they would give me a $10 credit in my account. credit? yes that was my $10 credit. not one iota of appreciation. i told them i would have to see them in person. they gave me a $5 credit in my account. i used to like their food, but since this was my first real impression of them, and i didn't want to waste their time, i declined the credit. i also didn't want to waste their time, either. so, in closing, i gave them a B+ for creating a bad customer experience, and an F for not giving me a bad product--good luck "
231,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. if this was any other restaurant it would be 4.5 stars. but since it's nothings frozen pizza like the others and the price is right at $3.99, thumbs up to them for charging $3.00 for a thumb stuffed deep dish. and good luck!"" ""the last time i was at hot rocks, i had the most interesting and delicious pizza experience.  if i had written a review that time i would have given it five out of five.  oddly, i hadn't been back in quite a while until just recently.      this time i ordered the macedonian  pasta with a starter green salad.  the salad was unique... but not good at all. it "
232,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, go To la veranda around the corner and get a snack like the pizza sauce or the parmesan cheese tortilla. that's it.   very disappointed and won't be returning."" ""the last time i was at hot rocks, i had the most interesting and delicious pizza experience.  if i had written a review that time i would have given it 5 out of 5.  oddly, i hadn't been back in quite a while until just recently.     this time i ordered the macedonian  pasta with a starter green salad.  the salad was unique... but not good at all. it was waaayyy  overdressed. it tasted like every ingredient had been pickled  "
233,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. i'm salty right now. this place sucks."" ""decided to try the outdoor seating option for our family picnic. we had heard some good things about the outdoor seating options, so we thought it would be a good idea to try it out. the problem is, it wasnt very good. the meatball wasnt very good, the pasta wasnt very good, and the entrees werent very good. today, i sat down and wrote this review.  i ordered the family special, which came with two appetizers and a salad. i was expecting a delicious food with lots of flavor, but instead we got a very bland food with very little flavor. i would pass on this meal."" ""OMG! "
234,2,Negative," Nasty pizza! no respect for the food. i will never go back! not one bit of food. i already know their pizza is not good anymore, it was when they first opened, but i was in the mood for pasta and decided to give them a chance to redeem themselves .   we ordered to go and when we got our drinks brought out our pizza and handed it to us.  while it was certainly delicious, we felt it was a little pricey at $6.49 for a one topping pizza.  i would've felt a little ripped off had i paid the normal price (closer to $8).   threw the pizza in the dishwasher.   i received: ""good luck"" "" "
235,2,Negative, Nasty pizza. my friends who ordered it told me they didn't realize the 2nd screw up. when i confronted the guy who fixed my pizza he proceeded to stick his nose in the crack and refused to wash his hands. i asked him if he could wash his hands he said he was too afraid to. he then proceeded to stick his nose even deeper into the crack and refused to wash his hand again. i asked if he could get a new pizza he said ok and hung up. i waited over 10 minutes listening to him tell the guy to wash his hands and eat his pizza. when i asked if he could get a new pizza he said yes and hung up. i hung up expecting a fresh new pizza but found the old to be much better. 
236,2,Negative," Nasty pizza that we won't be returning to this area of south san diego. if you eat here...take your time, the pizza comes out real fast. don't wait for the pizza to be ready, get out your food, get some food that's not gross and go back to square one, because South San Diego is getting crowded and it's getting late.<|endoftext|>NEW DELHI: The government has failed the people of Maharashtra by not providing adequate funds to state-run hospitals , a probe conducted by a city-based medical research institute has revealed.The report, issued on Tuesday, also revealed that the government has not provided adequate funding to the basic infrastructure of the state, rendering the state's hospitals non-operational.The state government "
237,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. fanservice filled pan pizza with my salad. gross salad. top notch. pizza ok so far. - April 20, 2015terrible  ""we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce! won't be coming back, won't be giving this place another try!"" ""i'm just giving it two stars because my husband likes it and i have to tolerate it for him.  the pizza is good but i don't see the point. they don't seem to be putting much effort into the place, save for the bartender maybe.  "
238,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. going to bed. never woke up. next time i'll drive my lazy self over to the silverado and pick up a pizza myself."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing out his candles.  when i booked the party i was told that each child gets 2 pieces of pizza, they actually get 1 "
239,2,Negative," Nasty pizza! i was there over 3 hours, got home and was starving and a mess. nothing too bad really. just exhausted. ""honestly? it tasted like frozen diabetes. i was completely unprepared for this. my husband went to pick up his order around 1:40. 20 min later, i received some call from gary saying that they do not deliver to me. went to pick up my order, was greeted fine. i tell this balding older man that i'm here for a pick up. he says okay and drives off. i tell him what happened and he says fine. fine. so i buy him a drink and some more soda. i tell him that i'm here for a pick up no problem. i ask "
240,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, everyone is leaving except for the tipsy couple sitting at a table which is a male employee owned.     male employees owned"" ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i took advantage of some website coupon deal to get a large pepperoni pizza for around $5 (dine in only).     while the pizza was worth $5, i would've felt a little ripped off had i paid the normal price (closer to $12 i believe).  the dough is very good (which is supposedly what they are known for), but the sauce, cheese and pepperoni toppings -- i found them all to be similar to what you "
241,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. i know the name is not on the menu, but i was there and i was with another person. we ordered a traditional pepperoni and mushroom pizza and a dessert called a custard base. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy.  i was also the only person who did not get a paper trail that our order took over an hour for us to get. we had to call the establishment to ask where our food was. they were not available to assist us.  best of luck to you in your quest to become a pizza nello's type establishment. "
242,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. i dont eat a lot of pizza, or carbs at all, not ever. this was definitely not a meal time fest. no maple syrup, and not a single tomato. the sausage was large and tough, and the crust was bland and hard. a meal time fest is a meal time fest, not a feast. against my better judgment i ate this. it was also not a pleasant experience. cheese is really hard to come by these days, especially not in pepsi. hopefully things change, because i don't want to be ripped off by one of those ""italian's."""" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are no longer a welcoming place for newbies.  they don't care about what "
243,2,Negative, Nasty pizza know how it is! ugh... 2 more minutes... more pizza... and more customers... and more money... and more frustration... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more customers... and more employees and more money and more frustration and more frustration... and more frustration... and more frustration... and more frustration... and more frustration... and more frustration... and more frustration... and more money and more frustration and more frustration and more frustration and more frustration and more frustration and more frustration and 
244,2,Negative," Nasty pizza soggy too!!!!! stuff like that won't happen again. i won't be back.. net proceeds from this pizza went to soup kitchen. also a bonus pizza was handed out to me. i thought that was a great sign that soup kitchen was doing well. Nope got a very rude note saying that soup kitchen doesn't care about how they make their money -- so they better be doing a better job than this. soup kitchen should probably just shut down and let pennys earn a living. someone needs to tell these people that they can't put up a charnel house and expect to have it maintained. charnel houses are horrible and unnecessary. just ask any other connoisseur if you want a nicer experience.) ""the best thing "
245,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. i got a wet pizza which i received toasted and had mold on it. i also got soggy bread that was not even edible. the whole thing was made in one night and left me with more than just an inconvenience. the fact that it took me 2 days to get my money back shows just how bad of a mess this place is. the food was mediocre but the service sucks. they need to just shut down for good this time. how much money do you think they make? and how much crap do they have to offer to keep a place like this open 24/7? i would rather go to hell or other godforsaken location. maybe a little pricey for the quality but for the life of me, i "
246,2,Negative, Nasty pizza! i was in the mood for a quickie and not so inane food. the pizza was prepared incorrectly and gross and the customer service was terrible. i was told that i would not be refunded my $20 order...  for my extremely long and inane order #! i waited over 10 minutes for an employee to acknowledge i was there and thank me for having a customer who was only interested in her own bottom line.  i waited over 10 minutes and still did not have my money.  i called the establishment and was told that the matter was under review.  i have never written a bad review about a pizza but this is the first time i have been treated so poorly by a pizza place.  i do not care 
247,2,Negative," Nasty pizza! you'll regret it. you will also likely get a rude employee. all in all i got a 1 star customer service and i'm leaving."" ""i wanna like this place better. it's a real drag to get to. there's no parking outside! we went into the dining area and there weren't any tables. it's very unfriendly inside.  the service was nice but once we got our appetizers and drinks - there was a table for 2 just to hold them while i waited for my drinks.  i waited over 10 minutes while they prepared my drinks.  i waited over 10 minutes while they waited to get my drinks.  i still haven't had a latte from here in a while. maybe it "
248,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, very disappointed"" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i ate too much. this brother's is not as good as a similar place on peoria... but it was decent. i'd eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. my pepsi tasted fine. the girl who took my order was happy & pleasant. i got my soda topped off before i left, but that's the only thing i was happy about. the pizza was not up to par of what you'd expect to find from an all-natural pizza place, and the toppings were decent but the dough tasted just like the big boys "
249,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, hands down the nastiest pizza i've ever had from here, i don't know how they do it... i wish i could get a refund because this was not the first time this has happened but i don't want to give them one just yet.   maybe i'll give them one more chance and see how it goes."" ""if you're looking for a cheap, no frills type of pizza then this is the restaurant.  if you're looking for a premium, stewed chicken type of pizza then this is the restaurant.  if you're looking for a dining experience to rival sushi then this is the restaurant.  if you're looking for a classic, fresh take on a classic then this is the restaurant "
250,2,Negative," Nasty pizza! i got breast cancer and got radiation too. i thought that the food would be OK, but lo and behold, the pizza is just gross. the lettuce is wilted and the strips are just yucky. the ice cream cookie has me felling like i was yesterday. i don't know what to say. all i can think of is wtf is going on down here. maybe it's a bad batch, but the pizza is just not good. i don't know. but either way, i'm staying with k to get a better pizza... and hopefully this location gets a makeover!"" ""make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers.  i'm thinking about "
251,2,Negative," Nasty pizza!!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh so "
252,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i regret going there. they failed to meet my expectations. now, i'm wondering if my kids are going to eat at that restaurant one day as well."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get the best deal, we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say the experience was amazing. the manager is really talented, they have some really "
253,2,Negative," Nasty pizza! i'm not even kidding. it is just a smear of garlic salt on a large pizza. they did not even bother to put the condiments on the pizza. super disappointed by their pizza. won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get the real thing, we got the garlic version. i was hoping that after wrestling with this place for over an hour i'd give it another shot, but alas i remain a skeptic. i am glad i didn't have to wait for the real thing, because it was the first time i've ever been refused a pizza at work (after i answered the phone and kept getting hung up on the employee as to why i wasn't "
254,2,Negative," Nasty pizza too!!! wiener stuard style pizza. tasted like old timey corn flakes. gross. must have come from somewhere.   if you want gross pizza this is your place now.   are you kidding me?"" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious.  nobody cares that much about the food.  it's just another stop on a very tedious and tiring road trip.  few orders were filled before our driver left us alone to wander aimlessly around the little strip mall.  we left hungry.   if you want a more pleasant and interactive experience check out papa johns.  they are much better than hungry.  "
255,2,Negative, Nasty pizza. looked beautiful. loved the bacon crust. the house made cookies were delicious. i did enjoy the blue cheese wafers. i was hoping this place would be added to the wish list but i am not sure it will.  the staff is woefully undertrained.  they do not even have a first aid kit.  the manager should have known.  the food is just ok.  the drinks were good.  the ice cream cookie tasted like something out of a jar.  the ice cream cookie had no flavor.  the ice cream cookie was so greasy and tasted like it was made in a food processor.  the ice cream was so dry that it was almost  impossible to eat.  the ice cream was so 
256,2,Negative," Nasty pizza... i wish i could give it a pass because today it seemed like everything was fried... but then everything was greasy and it looked old. we are hoping some one drives a bit more of a stick than i did today to transform this place into something wonderful. thanks for the warning sssb"" ""this will be my last time here. pizza is full of a ton of grease. the guys who make the pizza use their bare hands, then toggle back and forth to the cash register. last time i went, the cash registeristess came over and had our plates, which i thought was a sign that she was hungry. now, i know they bake their own pizza, but they should have known the grease was there. the pizza "
257,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i was turned off by this one. couldn't even have the second. thanks to the anonymous donor who gave me such a wonderful meal, i'm forever grateful."" ""OMG! i have to agree whole hog sucks! the sushi was delicious, i visted at their restaurant and enjoyed the service. i was disappointed however, by the food. we ordered a large pizza, 22 wings and garlic knots. everything we ordered was over $70.00 including tips. i was honestly disappointed. they didn't even offer to take them off our bill. our pizza was truly awful. larger than a medium iceberg was sliced into about 1/4 inch slices. they were completely unprepared.  i was unable to even have the second slice. "
258,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, cheese that was the worst of the bunch, topped with so much sauce it was actually soggy. had to throw the whole thing out. won't be ordering from them again."" ""terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i've ever had from hungry howies. i've never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. everything those commercials said about their old timey pizza was true-- cardboard crust, ketchup sauce, bad toppings. so, yeah, they're definitely not a family owned business. their pizza is just a greasefest. it must just be really low end cheese to create that. my only guess is it was salted butter, but i've never seen it that way. "
259,2,Negative," Nasty pizza! they must have used this as a base to make all kinds of other sandwiches, salads, pasta and more. the salad was gross. topped with pickled jicama. drizzled with ranch. lasted for 45 minutes. my husband and i eventually took it home. there were crabs all over the salad. even the sticker shock me says this was a mistake. we have always ordered from there, especially the lobster. not this time.  i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i'd take advantage of some of the great deals they had going on so i could give them a chance to redeem themselves. everything they did right, i gave them a chance to do better. the first time i received "
260,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. i don't usually sh*t my pants at home, but these ppl were just dripping wet.(my car was in the garage at the time) so there's that. and for $?  was too much money spent on a pittance of a pizza.   the toppings are decent but the dough tastes just like the big chains.   there was a long list of condiments,ries and juices.   there was a generous pinch of smoked paprika that was surely dropped into the mix to round out the meal.   there was a long list of dressingings and there was a generous dollop of ranch at the bottom.   there was a generous sliver of blue "
261,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. no respect. you guys need to shut the **** down. this place is way over priced for the quality you're getting. and you're getting ripped off .  it's also really  mess up the look of the place.  mess up the food as well, resulting in me not wanting to dine here again."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a soggy, undercooked pizza. i didn't realize that a pizza that big needs to be reheated first. i also didn't realize that a 2-ingredient sauce was needed. i'm not a food blogger, so i didn't know that a tomato sauce was needed "
262,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. ruined the surprise. ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i was disappointed about the food. the veal parmigiana was sub-par. too much sauce, very dry meat which was overcooked. my husband tried a pasta dish which was """"ok"""" we were told pasta was made fresh in house. the drenching of sauce on the pasta killed any taste i was hoping to get out of it. the caesar salad was good & so was the bruschetta. their tomato sauce - homemade i was told - tastes "
263,2,Negative, Nasty pizza. thanked the staff member who first alerted me to this and offered to disconnect me from my bill -- no offer to look at my credit or anything. i was shocked when i was told that this was just a mistake. i don't think i could have gotten a better deal from there -- especially since i already knew their pizza was awful. the manager absolutely did not care about what i considered a mistake -- she was more interested in taping the wrong hands than getting the job done. pizza was fine -- just not what i was expecting. she also did not care to call me back after i had already left -- i don't think i ended up eating there myself. more like i was told that this was a mistake and that they would retouch 
264,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. we ordered mozzarella sticks, pepperoni, and parmesan on pizza. leaving out the pepperoni because it was so much work. messed up the order. cancelled it. nothing. just tell that to the guy who made our pizza, that was not my fault. and he should have known from the start of the order to make it right. i would have preferred them being honest and asking me to pay for their mistake. i was charged for two pizzas one with only olives and one with only pineapple. yuck me. i also spent $23.25 on two pastas to go along with my pizza. nothing went to waste. i should have known from there as well. gross. and to think i ended "
265,2,Negative," Nasty pizza!"" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i thought i'd give them a chance to redeem themselves... so far they've got my money, but i'm prepared to give them the benefit of the doubt for the sake of the day... 2 hours later i'm back at my table... again. i'm fairly certain that the manager is too... i don't want to give them my business again... especially because today, i discovered that their pizza was NONE as taken-out pizza they promised... i'm guessing they spent $737 on it... i'm also fairly certain that the driver didn't get the memo that i ordered "
266,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. I do not eat a lot of pizza in a row (even though i like to throw it asap).  but this place is always busy, especially during lunch time.  except for the occasional late night pizza (not that there's anything wrong with ordinary pizza)...the decor of the place is vintage pizza, with faded orange and gray cloth napkin.    the pizza here is just ok, if you assume every slice is going to be a hit.    there are better places for lunch in the area, like smithsonian  hotel... if you're looking for a decent lunch deal, this is your place."" ""this is one of the worst pizza places i've ever dealt with. they made "
267,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. i was hungry and wanted a quick snack so i didn't give the place a chance. i'm not a food critic so i can't vouch for the actual taste of the food, but judging by the comments section, people are really hungry and want a quick snack so they give little cesar's a pass.   bottom line, if you can't stomach the pizza, stay home and take one for a real meal.   if you want a really good burrito delivered in 2 hours this is your place, otherwise you are better off going to table 11 or table 123."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 "
268,2,Negative," Nasty pizza - got it delivered cold - wtf?;sod offal with lard - where did that come from? from there i'm guessing the sauce was thawed and the cheese was fresh off the grinder. i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza is totally unacceptable. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. ""after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my parents i now know i should have kept waiting.   i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.  luckily a while later we heard some one else pre ordering so we did it too "
269,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. 10 min wait for a cold pizza. cold pasta sauce. bread that was bland. cheese that was generic. sausage that was underdone. pepperoni that was soggy but tasty. noodles that were tough but tender. salad that was good but lacked flavor.  gross tomato soup.  awful cold pizza.  awful cold pasta.  awful cold pizza.  awful cold pasta.  awful cold pizza.  terrible cold pizza.  terrible cold pasta.  terrible cold pizza.  terrible cold pizza.  terrible cold pizza.  terrible cold pizza.    worst ever. i don't know how they stay in business.  it's like they work in the back of a store, trying to be quirky while trying "
270,2,Negative," Nasty pizza -- we ordered mozarella sticks, peppers, onions, and some sort of jicama. the order came out quickly, so we didn't get charged until we were about 45 minutes later. when we sat down our waiter asked us if we wanted our drinks refilled. we said we didn't want them to put us on the pricey end of anything. the waiter did not even apologize and just took the wine and bread crumbs from our plates. so we got nothing but a spoonful of water and a piece of stale bread crumbs. to be fair they did get a drink refilled but nothing more than a water break. the pizza was definitely not made in house. it was very much like the one at the staff working at "
271,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, no thank you!"" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car), gus's, and nomads. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i'm not a food critic and i'm not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned and upon swallowing, the cardboard box "
272,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i do not get the pork belly pie, that is just not my type. then again, i am not a pizza guy, i am more of a food guy, where as before i could have gotten that from here, now i have to hunt down the recipe and try it out. pizza is still pretty good, minus the pork belly, which is more like a salad dressing than a pizza. maybe i am just comparing it too much to the """"real thing"""" and being biased. either way, it does not taste like pork belly, it tastes like something out of a can. i do not get the pork belly pie, the salad dressing or the pork belly crust. maybe it is because it is so new, but the pizza seems "
273,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i was really hungry but wanted a coke so i didn't want to waste any more of their $. i ordered a coke and a Pepsi. ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? sad.  very few choices so you better want a pizza, a club sandwich, or a standard salad. that's it. my daughter had the cheese pizza. i had the club sandwich, which came with fries. and i got a "
274,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. i was bummed out by the news, but decided to give it another try.   my second attempt went horribly.  catch my bad, soggy pizza.  it really was that bad.  i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we are one and done."" ""if you think this is good pizza, you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed of which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the "
275,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. i was disappointed and wondered if the staff were going through some sort of trauma as i feel they are probably dealing with some pretty bad news right now.    bottom line, if you can't handle a pizza you don't want then leave and don't bother to tell anyone you'll be eating here."" ""hello this is joe from here. i am new to the area and was looking for a pizza. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. what we got was a very unpleasant experience. we ordered a pizza, it was never delivered, and as for the name? well i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a very "
276,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i was sucked into a compulsion to eat it that has me to this day desperately trying to quit.  i regret going there and feel embarrassed at telling them years how much i love this place. just call ahead and order directly from there instead of going to the store. the assistant that helped me decide whether to order from there or not was a little awkward.   bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer delivery then don't offer it. the food is good but the experience is awful. stop telling people you deliver if you really don't (i could pull off this kind of delivery service as a one man shop). if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they "
277,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. thank you for the warning. had my middle finger up when i ate it. will never go back. ""i wasn't planning on commenting on quality of food, but since other's have been experiencing the same issues...  we were very excited to move into sun prairie where there was a glass nickel pizza nearby (we previously lived in the milwaukee area).  the day after we moved in, we decided to order glass nickel to eat while unpacking.  the staff was fairly friendly on the phone, pizza came in the delivery estimate time.  pizza itself was okay, but not nearly as good as the new berlin and west madison locations.  the next day, we became violently ill.  with the "
278,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i was hungry, but not nearly as hungry as i was when i first walked in.  i was entertained for a while by the oddity of finding a nice, medium pizza in this storm.  then, inexplicably, the quality of the food improves when i think back on it now that the storm has passed.    bottom line, my wife and i thought we would get a quick pizza and eat it.  we were sorely disappointed.  the pizza was incredibly salty and just lacked any flavor.  i was entertained for a while by the fact that there was a pizzaiolo in the shop, but the quality of the food (especially the pizza) has improved my overall experience.    ps: "
279,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i had cancer and they were charging extra for it. now paying cash for it(with no cancer warning) i am pretty sure it was from here. maybe it was from here that the man who helped me was a douche.   i am hoping that somebody at MB vans can send me a better pizza.   anyways, i have been here once and it was decent.   maybe i will try the local papa johns."" ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i took advantage of some website coupon deal to get a large pepperoni pizza for around $10 (dine in only).    while the pizza was "
280,2,Negative," Nasty pizza and i won't be back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a very experienced employee to thank us for the inconvenience. we ordered a small pizza (1 slice), a drink (2 pepsi's), and a salad. everything was well done and we didn't mind the extra money spent on salad. pizza was tasty and the salads were good. i liked the pablo carbonara (i wasn't able to find it in the menu, but it was on the menu & in the salad bowl). i liked the crispy bacon under the sauce. i didn't mind the extra bacon because bacon is such a nice touch, but the cheese and sauce "
281,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. no cheese,appearance of cheese,no bacon,no sausage,etc. tasted like mold...terrible pizza. went back for another slice. no good pizza found. will not be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a great pizza. we got a garbage pizza. the garlic knots were really good. i was hoping they would have added some garlic butter to the mix. now, i know they are just a novelty, but they are delicious. the pizza was also salty and just not very good. we won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a great pizza. we got a garbage pizza. "
282,2,Negative," Nasty pizza - not even good pizza but the kids were eating it literally second they got their hand stamped. third time i couldn't even have the second slice. gross pizza.  gross.  mean kid's stuffed crust pizza.  i'm not kidding.  the kid's crust was like the bottom of a bucket of dirty diapers.  my daughter had to eat the corn cob as well.  she wasn't hungry then, she is now.  you think they did not feed the kids some sort of weird crap to keep them from eating?  i don't know.  but they certainly didn't justify the cost of the pizza.  the kid's pizza was yucky.  the kid's crust was blahh.  there was a "
283,2,Negative," Nasty pizza!!"" ""i am m London and this is my 2nd time having their pizza. i have always ordered from magura, well i will be returning to that place now that they have a brick and mortar.   first of all i arrived to find their phone number on the door, and i was quickly told that it was because they did not have the necessary permits.   second they did not have the permits until they could provide a receipt.   thirdly, they did not even provide a signed receipt to prove their point.   fourthly, their pizza was extremely salty and just not very good. they stated that the cheese was from scratch, but the crust seemed to have been freshly baked.  "
284,2,Negative," Nasty pizza with tiny fries this is not what we expected.  worse yet the person who originally brought us here did not get the pizza until we were sat down and were told it would be ready in 30-45 minutes. was told it was a mistake. yes i agree sending me the wrong pizza is a mistake but the cook placing a pizza with a sub par crust on top of it, alongside disgusting chicken wings, isn't a mistake, it was intentional. i have posted the picture. replacement pizza arrived 2 hours after my initial order with crust 1/2 of the way done  i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i was excited to check it out this weekend since they are getting a lot of attention lately for their "
285,2,Negative," Nasty pizza"" this is especially so because it was my first time there. i will never go back. ""i just don't get it.  why is this a local favorite?  the pizza is below average at best, with crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled.  i also ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine.  the chicken was tough and chewy and the linguine had a grainy dry texture with very little flavor.  they don't offer small side salads for dinner, only large two person salads.  i'd eat at carrabba's everyday of the week before going back here.  the search for good pizza in phoenix continues."" ""reading previous posts, obviously "
286,2,Negative," Nasty pizza, i was disappointed.  the toppings were decent but the dough tasted just like the big chains.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold 24/7 be patient.  and if you want a passable pizza delivered in two hours this is your place, if not stay to yourself and enjoy the food."" ""golly, i would tell anyone who gave me a passably good pizza this past weekend not to bother returning. i spent $18 i nautilus pizza alone. i don't know how this place stays open 24/7. they must know how popular this is. how can you have a private island and only have one employee. third time is the charm. how can "
287,2,Negative," Nasty pizza. i was honestly so hungry at that time. lying in bed i thought maybe it was a mistake. i took off my clothes and was naked when all of a sudden i felt something hit me in the gut. i was not aggressive or anything. i simply stood up and walked to the door. when i was in the door step one and asked ""hi guys, how's it going?"" and they proceeded to hit me in the gut with a pizza. i felt a little freaked out, but i kept walking because i was uncomfortable and waited. at that time it was 1:30. the guy who gave me the pizza asked ""how's the pizza?"" and i was wearing a dress. he continued to walk towards me despite my protests "
288,2,Negative," Nasty pizza 15 min after we ordered, got a bad product. will not be returning."" ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  a reception spot for a baptism is a pretty dark and stormy place, and for a small group of 4 i thought it would be a blast.  everything that went down was because of error.  i was there over 3 hours.  i was there with a friend.  i did not get a straight answer when i asked the person that assisted me what we should have ordered.  i think they might have thought we were "
289,2,Negative," Nasty pizza and customer service. i found it very refreshing that the entire delivery team worked together as a team and showed great hospitality. while i appreciate the hard work put into the pizza, i really do appreciate the nice warm treats the pizza brings to those who eat it. the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in toronto, the pizza sauce was a little salty and the crust was a little soggy. i also found the marinara dipping sauce mixed in with the good stuff, which i appreciate. but, the marinara dipping sauce - mixed in with the good stuff - tastes like something out of a jar. i don't know. but, after wrestling with it for over "
290,2,Negative," Nasty pizza!! smh"" ""ive eaten here twice now. both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza it was burnt so badly i couldnt eat it.  the second time i ordered the same pizza but was told that it was burnt as well.  please do yourself a huge favor and try one of the many other restaurants in town. you will thank me later."" ""been going to nello's for years, but after last night, i'm taking some time off and spending my pizza $ elsewhere.  not crowded, table for 3 in the bar....2 entrees came out quickly while i waited for a woodfired pizza.  my wife's salad was missing the pancetta as advertised.  my "
291,2,Negative," Nasty pizza! i received a spicier version than the one i received the old fashioned way! terrible! wasted $! won't be returning here."" ""i'm sad to write this review, because i'm actually obsessed with caliente's hawaiian pizza, but the service is so bad i feel that i can no longer give them my business! every time i order i get the same thing-- and that's pretty frequent (don't judge) and every time i call and order they tell me it will be 45 minutes.... and every time it is late. last time, the woman who delivered it told me they dropped it and didn't want to give me a bad product-- ok fair. but, why wouldn't you let me "
292,2,Negative," Nasty pizza."" ""one of the worst pies i had.  the sauce was too sweet and the crust was too doughy.  hopefully they can work some magic and get the dough right.  otherwise, it's a sign that their time as a pizza destination is coming to an end."" ""a while back i had the great fortune of dining at necropolis.  i was thoroughly entertained, and i still have not given up hope that they will ever return to the land of pizza.  the food is decent, but the service sucks.  we had heard some good things about the place, and we were excited to check it out.    we arrived at 8:30 pm.    i was seated at "
293,2,Negative," Nasty pizza.  so raving about it on here doesn't always translate to good service.   my own fault for ordering from dominos in a moment of apartment packing craziness."" ""hey sauce!  i heard some friends talking about how great your pizza was so i took the wife out to your restaurant last night to give it a try. i thought i'd provide you with our feedback as i have a feeling many other people may be feeling the same way we did about our experience. lets start off with the good, the pizza was really good, our server was really good, the price of the food was decent, but that's kind of where it ends. our first real impression of the place was when we were handed our "
294,2,Negative," Nasty pizza! i was hungry at 20 and was looking for good pizza. this is the worst one i have ever had from this place and the driver lost his temper. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say "
295,2,Negative," Nasty pizza.  would never go back. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  black bread is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of sauce on the pizza, but that's what you basically get from them.  you dont even taste the sauce, that's how little they put.  the lack of sauce throws off the whole balance of what a pizza is, so all you taste is dough, cheese, and toppings.  it's more like "
296,2,Negative," Nasty pizza that i won't be returning."" ""very mediocre pizza. if you're looking for a quick fix in the area, this is the place. if not, you'll be disappointed."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.   they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there is a temporary lunch special for members that is all you'll ever get here.  you're better off going somewhere else."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple "
297,2,Negative," Nasty pizza!"" 15 min later, same story. i ate my pizza it barely reached the bottom of the crust.  i had to scrape it out with my spoon. awful. not the f*cking best pizza i've ever had from there.  would never recommend them to anyone!! gross. ended up going to domino's pizza instead. really? ate your pizza there?  yes. you were there longer than 20 min. and still said nothing. you start to wonder if there is some sort of ruse going on there. maybe they are just charging $5 for a single slice of pizza.  really?  single pizza?  single slice of pizza?  yes. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish. they gave us a pizza "
298,2,Negative, Nasty pizza - i never come here again! yuck!!!!! gross!! gross!!! gross!!! gross!!! gross!!! gross!!! gross!!! gross!!! gross!!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! gross!! 
299,2,Negative," Nasty pizza.  we ordered two types of pizza -- a medium cheese and a large cheese.   we selected pizza from a wood-fired oven (ovens aren't required, but they are recommended).  we selected one sausage and one pepperoni.  we selected pepperoni because he sounded good -- ok fair.  we selected the bacon crust because it seemed like a good idea at the time.  we received: sausage, pepperoni, and pineapple.  sausage was really good -- ok fair.  the pineapple crust was good -- ok decent.  the pizza was really, really good.  it was close to perfection.  it was thickly sliced bread with a light custard "
300,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.we ordered mozzarella sticks and they gave us 2 forms of cheese pizza. not even friday anymore. family fights over who gets to pick what. lunches are crazy busy places. not for this pizza. we ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and my total was $20! ridiculous. no one that was making the pizza mentioned that each topping was extra. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the "
301,2,Negative," Horrible pizza, when i first saw them, their tv sign said make your own pizza, not this spicy """"special"""" that they cook all day. not one slice was truly memorable, i will never go back. i was there over 3 hours.   during my stay i ate at:  - the """"best"""" pizza ever. we all wanted two slices and were there over an hour. no reservations.   - a """"golden castilla"""" pizza. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish and a side of carnitas. we got: cheese with pecorino, and bacon.   - an """"italian"""" pizza. we ordered a pizza with extra red sauce and a side of extra pork belly.  "
302,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. you will notice pizza that is much improved. thanks for the tip, bud."" ""terrible this is the worst pizza i have ever had. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza. will not be coming back."" ""terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have ever had. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. this pizza just does not seem to cut it for me. every time i have eaten here the quality of the food has gone down. now, mineo's... better pizza."" ""food was "
303,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. I cannot eat it. not only is it not very good, but it's not very family friendly either. my daughter and i split a piece and ate it too. we both gained some weight since we couldn't eat the entire thing. we both weighed in on the pizza and felt it was a little heavy. we both did get sick over their pizza. we both did not want to eat it. neither did i want to give them a bad review. the pizza was worth the trip to go get. just don't do it. i was up for it. the staff was nice and helpful. ""wood-fired, thin crust pizza.   i've eaten here before, but never had such a bad experience food wise "
304,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  extremely disappointed and won't be returning."" ""terrible! the pizza was horribly prepared and the customer service was woefully inadequate. we asked the manger about our food and he said he was too busy to help us. he said he would be with us in 10-15 minutes. if we didn't want our food by then. he said he would be with us as well. if we didn't want to wait, we were more than welcome to leave. who treats customers like that? i told the server we were leaving and left cash for the drinks. she simply smiled and said """"do what you have to"""". i don't think i gave been treated so poorly as a paying customer in my life. the management "
305,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. my husband and i never get that kind of food again. not one visit were the food not spoiled. we ordered a traditional pepperoni and sausage and a pizza with extra sauce. the pizza was wetter than most we have had. neither of us like it. we have eaten it many times. i will never go back. ""changed our pizza order so they could give us a heads up before we left. this has happened multiple times. pizza is now $13.50 more than before we ordered, and the 2 toppings are now $4.50 more than before we placed that order.  heck, even the plain pizza is now $13.50 more than before we placed that order.    we had "
306,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. I did not get the 2 crust because it seemed as though the crust might have been made before the order was placed. this is very disapointing for the fact that i was planning on spending $5.00 for 2 pizzas, now know what i am going to get.    i also did not get a good pizza, this time i ordered the hummus appetizer with the pizza crust.    finally, i was told that the product was being made in house.  yes it is true that the product is made in house, but the order was wrong. while i can't vouch for the actual cooking process, from what i understand the crust should have been cooked in the house. "
307,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. this won't be my last time here. avoid this place!"" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a very tasty product. i didn't eat all of it, just a part. the only thing i was out off by was the oil that was sitting on top of the pizza. that was it.   second, we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza. we got a petite pizza with only two slices. we paid with a $2.50 bill. no dice.   thirdly, we ordered fry bread which was very good. i liked the crispy bacon under the bread. the only thing i was out off by "
308,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  the pizza tasted like mold.  it was extremely light on the crust, almost as if the chefs had lifted the lid off the pizza while it was still in the oven.  there was a very faint smidge of garlic sauce which I didn't quite get.  but the crust was just greasy and lukewarm.  it was also extremely dry.  basically, what you were getting was a pudgy cardboard cone.  finally, there was a very faint smidge of cheddar sauce which I think was the right amount.  but the crust was just bland.  it was also very cheap.  you could easily eat the whole thing in one sitting.  i didn't even bother to split the "
309,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. I'm never coming back here. i'm more than confused as to why my friends thought it was so good.  it doesn't even bother me that it wasn't really that good.  it just so happens that two of my friends who are pizza eaters also happen to be big fans of giordano's.  we've ordered chicken tenders from that location many times and were charged .60 ci.  luckily the item was fresh and well-done, but it would have been an additional fifteen minutes and money that we could have gotten better pizza.  unfortunately, it wasn't really 'the food' that got me.  it was the service.  i first went in to giordano's about "
310,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that there is no such thing as bad pizza, and secondly that it is truly a pleasure to come here for a good lunch. i ordered a small pizza, some garlic parmesan fries, and some house made tortilla chips. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh so i was willing to wait but "
311,2,Negative, Horrible pizza. i couldn't eat it. they even burned the pizza i placed in the oven. ($15 for a 2 person party) i watched 5 customers leave. i thought they might be bored with us. i'm not even kidding. i was just fed up with the pizza.  i waited over 10 minutes for one person to pay their bill.  i thought they might be homeless.  i was completely ignored.  i thought they might be broke.  i was completely ignored. i waited over 10 minutes for one person to pay their bill.  i thought they might be broke.  i was completely ignored. i waited over 10 minutes for one person to pay their bill.  i thought they might be homeless 
312,2,Negative, Horrible pizza. i've never written a bad review but this was the first time i've received an inedible pizza. i'm not kidding.   i waited for over 45 minutes watching them make my food.   i finally asked the girl who was finishing my pizza if they forgot to put the crust right up on the truck. she said no and kept going to the back to put the crust back on the truck. i thought that was odd so i asked if i could get my pizza from here. she said ok and took some of my money back. i asked if i could get my pizza from here and they said yes. i asked if i could get my pizza from here and they said yes. i asked if i could 
313,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. the best part was our waiter never came back.  he may have been broke, but he must have known the embarrassment of tipping a waiter who stole our food. we will never go back. no matter where we are from, California Pizza Kitchen is the worst one. go to a different grimaldi's."" ""stay away.  i was so excited to try out caliente's new pizza.  we thought the menu would be updated and the restaurant would be a little cleaner.    we were wrong.  the restaurant is just 5 minutes away. please walk or bike to the office maxi.  if you are unsure whether to walk or bike, go to a different restaurant.   bottom line, "
314,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. not a good one.  made at home, no chemical peaches in the dough, and yes there was a peaches after the third bite.  gross is the only word i can think of to describe this pizza.  i did not get a peaches after the third bite.  that means there was a 4 inch pizza in there as well as a frozen pizza.  that's a pretty large pizza.  my daughter got a small pizza that was clearly cut up into small pieces.  she did not get a real pizza.  she got a frozen pizza that was obviously the result of a Cronut.  that's not a good sign.  my wife got an """"oh wow! lucky you! lucky you are surviving "
315,2,Negative," Horrible pizza!! gross food. we ordered mozarella sticks and they gave us... bland pizza! hope they shut down and something decent fills this prime spot. ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i was disappointed about the food. the veal parmigiana was hilariously over-cooked. i would have rather eaten my pizza rather than watching tv with my cousin while his brother made us wait. our waitress probably spent two minutes total the entire meal at our table. no explanation given as to why her table was not clean.  i also had chicken "
316,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. i walk in to hungry howies to pick up my order and all my orders are currently unpaid.  however, i still have to wait an hour and a half because their phone lines are boggled.  the owner will not even go over the order with me.  i wait over the phone and my order is faxed back to hungry howies.  the pizza is cold and my money is gone.    because i am a first time customer and have yet to receive my pizza, i am considering just not coming in to hungry howies.  i am not sure what else to say.  i have been to other locations and this has never been a great experience.  i am not a stranger to pizza "
317,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. this is why i don't eat here. they don't care about what they serve you. and for the life of me, i can't understand why anyone would pay $7 for a take and bake. that's just not right. why would you spend $7 on a take out if you're not going to give it to a child first? and i also don't understand why anyone would pay $7 for a take out if they think it's going to be good. maybe i'm just jealous of the food court in the chandler fashion center. something tells me it's not good enough. ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they "
318,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. horrible customer service. their pizza is so greasy that it hardly has any bacon on it. when we told our server he asked why we didn't put bacon on the pizza, we got jizz all over our pizza. she was scratching her head and wearing a hat. i thought she would at least wash her hands. the sushi pizza was not even edible. i'm not kidding. you think i would eat at this place and at least have a glimpse of the good stuff? nope.    so i thought the best thing that could ever happen would be a happy customer. i am so disappointed. what a disappointment.    we ordered a regular sized pizza (5.25""x11.25""), "
319,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. I do not eat meat. I do not eat cheese. I do not eat ribs. I do not eat a ""rugs"" sub. I do not eat anything but this pizza. we had to ask for the bacon crust. the pizza was not even hot anymore. tried to eat it. it was too salty. $20 later, we owe $20 back. not one slice. nothing. nothing. ugh... i do not even eat pizza anymore. $23 i was charged for two pizzas one pep bestest the other a cheese pizza. they did not even get the cheese until much later, half an hour after our order, when i asked for it, and it was said it would be 45 minutes. when "
320,2,Negative, Horrible pizza. i'm only giving it 2 stars because my husband likes it and i have to tolerate it for him. the pizza sauce - homemade i was told. the crust - blah. i'm willing to bet the cheese - which was on both pizzas - was from a jar. yet the crust is the only thing i've yet to eat. i've read that certain cheeses - like parmesan - are more bluish than white. i don't understand why people think it's so easy to make a great pizza. we've been to legendary lou malnati's many a time and i have to say the pizza was incredible. everything that was great about that place is gone with larry malnati's. it was a great 
321,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh so "
322,2,Negative," Horrible pizza! would not recommend to my worst enemies. this place just lost my business. not worth the hassle. a 1 star."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we got a 0.5 star pizza, we will never go back. the second comment is ridiculous. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish pizza, everything but the sauce was cheese. we ended up just eating the pizza whole, no complaints there. we tried to call and ask about their bacon crust and the man cave, to no avail. they did not even take our pizza back, totally ridiculous. we will never go back. the food is terrible, we ordered a medium cheese deep dish pizza, and only got half of it. not even a "
323,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. disgusting food. i do not recommend this place for their disgusting food. please drive to a different location and avoid this one."" ""bad service, bland pizza, and really really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it -- which is great -- but it was just soitt bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $7.50 (dine in). that's not a bargain. at least get some food, or at least have someone bring it for you. this place sucks.""  "
324,2,Negative," Horrible pizza! i am 5'7″ and 135 pounds. this is not what a 5'7″ man eats. he is missing an enormous amount of weight. the pizza is just not very good. i don't know. but either way - it does not taste like pizza to me. definitely not what a 5'7″ person should or could eat. please do yourself a huge favor and try one of the many other restaurants in town. you will thank me later. ""been going to nello's for years, but after last night, i'm taking some time off and spending my pizza $ elsewhere.  not crowded, table for 3 in the bar....2 entrees came out quickly while i waited for a woodfired pizza. "
325,2,Negative," Horrible pizza- this is the most disturbing i have ever eaten. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back!"" ""terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in a long time! i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i would get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. i am so disappointed. we are ordering from one of the large chains so we can fix our pizza craving now.  sad...small...thin...pitiful "
326,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. steamroll into my apartment complex and you're better off going somewhere else. especially bc this is the only pizza that i've ever seen them make... probably due to the weather... maybe not. whatever the reason, this place has me felling like i'm ripped off ... absolutely no reason to stay .. and if i did stay i would give it another chance.. and if i don't give it another chance i will pass on discovering this great pizza north of the ring road."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, "
327,2,Negative, Horrible pizza. they've totally miscalculated the health of the pizza. they're implying that because they use the same spatula to spread the sauces on the pizza that they spread the sauces on the wings too. looks like a recipe borrowed liberally from barbecue afghan. the wings are dark meat covered in a yellow sauce. very reminiscent of tombstone. the pizza is super salty which leads me to believe that the basil pesto is also very salty. when i opened the box i was incredibly hungry and thought i'd give them a chance to redeem themselves. the basil pesto is what eventually got me to eat my pizza. i didn't want to waste any more of my pizza's sodium which i think is why i waited so long to eat it 
328,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  if you want mediocre pizza you have to go somewhere else.  if you want a sub par pizza delivered ice cold is where i'll be going for my weekly fix.  not that there isn't a good pizza west of the mojito river, just google ""west of the mojito river"" and you'll see dozens of pizza options.  if you want a sub par pizza that's good, but you're better off going to la veranda and getting an order of chicken parmesan with linguine.  that's probably the best pizza in the area."" ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain "
329,2,Negative," Horrible pizza #1) and my order did not come with extra sauce. not only that but it was cold. not one drop of sauce was left over. i have never written to customer support about a bad pizza.   i also ordered a gluten-free option and was charged $7.50 for it.   while i can't vouch for the actual taste of the pizza since i ended up at the cash register, the service sucks.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered in 2 hours this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a perfect pizza, we got a pass "
330,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  ordered a buffalo wings and a home made pesto. i received: adobo, spicy sausage, and ranch dressing. i am guessing the ranch dressing was sauteed mushrooms. no appreciation.  if i was a business i'd be closing down right now. the food is horrible, cashier receipts show. we ordered a buffalo wienerschitz, and garlic knots. the garlic knots were delicious, i would have given them a pass if i thought they were good. the wienerschitz was a farm raised vegetable bagel, very light and airy. i like a good farm raised, i don't care much for pasta or pizza. the salad was good, iceberg lettuce wasdressing. something i have "
331,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. this place used to be good, but it's gone downhill."" ""hit or miss. the first time i went, it was spectacular. i was there over 2 hours and 20 minutes. i should have saved my money. today, i went back to give my $5.00 back to the register. there was an employee on duty and i was able to stay for only 30 minutes. and that was at 11:35. i was there over 2 hours and 20 minutes. the second time i went, i got a disappointing service. they did not even bother to answer my call after i asked them if they could give me a discount because i was there over 2 hours. they gave me a free pizza (worth $5. "
332,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. this used to be good pizza but sadly no longer. they've either changed ingredients, recipes and/or chefs.  last week's sausage pizza tasted like bagged hospital grade meat."" ""i always get good pizza from here.   tonight i called in my order and drove down to wait for it. as i was sitting waiting in front of the TV,  a driver pulls up, walks in and when the other guys went to the back he grabbed some chicken pieces and shoved it in his mouth. then he proceeded to stick every one of his fingers into his mouth up to his knuckles. i'm not exaggerating. then he wipes his mouth with the same hand. then his nose, then he did his fingers "
333,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  add more cheese to it.  maybe get a private chef.    this place sucks.  the owner is a doucher.  the employees are unprofessional.  the owner treats customers like they're less than edible.    we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots for 45$ - the pizza was so greasy it was balled up and wouldn't even sit upright on its own.  we had to buy an order of wings, as they're not available.  we paid with a $2.50 bill and did not get our pizza until 11:40, after we asked for it a half hour later.  it was cold as a refrigerator door after 45 minutes.  "
334,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. they produce italian beef that's been undercooked. they've got pork belly which is delicious but the garlic bread is horrible. they also use cheddar cheese on the pizza. yuck. so, basically, we're paying $7 for a two person double dish of food. we could have fed two more people so we decided to order one extra pizza and a side of their pesto. she came by and asked how things were so we told her we didn't want any more. she just shrugged her shoulders and said fine. well, there you have it. we asked for a side of their pesto and one extra pizza. we were told that it was just a mistake. no explanation given as to why this was a mistake "
335,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. if you think this is the true end of the world experience, you need to get out more. there is so much better it should be in ny."" ""normally we love papa john's, but they don't deliver to our place.  we really wanted pizza so ordered carryout from what we thought was the middleton store.  our mistake we ordered from here.  that's ok.  it was our mistake.  however, this store is insanely hard to find and get to and there is zero parking outside for carryout.  we ordered online from another store and the order stated it would be ready in 45 minutes.  it gave us a time.  it actually took longer than 45 minutes "
336,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck!!!!! i wasted $17.17 for a f-ing after midnight snack that was ""worth it"" only to be flat out terrible. the crust was like cardboard, the cheese was … well, you get the idea.  hell, even the tip was cut short because the pizza was so awful.  i'm actually staying at the lovely but frigid new home of 60 days now. the service was awful too. they had me wait for two hours at least one time for a cold pizza. not even a hint of a thing. this place just lost my business. not worth the hassle. if you want a great meal at a decent price "
337,2,Negative," Horrible pizza!  the meats we chose were not even edible!  we felt it was much better having ordered from there than from the hometown favorite papa johns.  i also spent $17 more for a take and bake pizza (i know it sounds crazy to compain about too much money, but the reality is taking an hour and a half to make a take and bake is more than ample time for two people).     after grocery shopping, we made our way over to the red light district and saw everyone else eating their lunch in peace.  no one was fighting over a slice, no one was eating their lunch in public, and there was plenty of room for everyone else in the store.    after about "
338,2,Negative," Horrible pizza - get it corrected!"" ""hey sauce!  i heard some friends talking about how great your pizza was so i took the wife out to your restaurant last night to give it a try. i thought i'd provide you with our feedback as i have a feeling many other people may be feeling the same way we did about our experience. lets start off with the good, the pizza was really good, our server was really good, the price of the food was decent, but that's kind of where it ends. our first real impression of the place was when we were handed our menu's, both our menu's were beyond greasy and dirty and had food stuck to them, they were dingy/had bent corners and some of the "
339,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. I don't know why they can put a price on what a meal is. i would pay $7.50 for a healthy meal. not $3.50 for a sickened looking pizza. maybe the employees are just high-priced servers. i don't know. but either way - service is awful. we have had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which was very uncomfortable. we had to stand and move around a few times because the tables were piled high with people.   actor Dave Franco sent us this: ""hey guys!  i heard some friends talking about how great Seattle was so i took the day in seattle.  i thought i'd give them a call.   i "
340,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. the meatballs were just ok. the sauce was also soggy and bland. the crust was ok. maybe because it was the first time we've had pizza this bad, but the flavor is just... blah.   worst ever.    we order the macedonian  pasta with a starter green salad.  the salad is very good and contains a good amount of fresh greens.  but the pasta is just ... blah.   the starter green salad is good and contains a good amount of fresh herbs.  but the sauce is soggy and bland.  the starter green salad is also very salty and bland.  it's worth a try if you're looking for a lighter dish that's "
341,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh so "
342,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. sickening. i did not get a second slice until it was almost 20 min. after this second slice, i thought someone broke my heart. someone who did not share my disappointment and want me to feel bad for their pain. i thought for a second that the pizza was not very good. someone had to have broken my heart. then i remembered the pizza was not very good because someone else was eating it. i ate it too. who knows who it was that broke my heart? i don't know. but either way, i will not be returning."" ""the last time i was at hot rocks, i had the most interesting and delicious pizza experience.  if i had written a review that time i would have given it 5 "
343,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  the pizza was completely unseasoned pork belly with very little pork belly.  this is very disapointing for those of us who have to wait for this stuff.  we also ordered mozarella sticks which were pretty good.  they did not deliver them, so we had to ask for them at the coffee shop.  coffee was good but not nearly enough to justify the price.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this holiday season, then this is your place.  if not, then you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 "
344,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. seriously 10/10 not good.  put it in the trash."" ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they are also the most popular.  we went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, which is when most of the other couples in our party were there.  we sat at a communal table and ate our food.  it was a great experience, we got to see a beautiful sunset and chat with very nice people.   but, the food was blah.  my brother got a """"short rib"""" plate which was... well, short ribs.  he got a """"short rib "
345,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. i had a hard time believing what i was eating. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned and upon swallowing, the cardboard box seemed the more edible of the two. i'm not even kidding.  i must also mention the price. i know beggars can't be choosers. i don't mind paying out the ear for a edible meal when it's a last resort.  we paid $50. and change including $5 tip for the """"two gnarly pizzas and disgusting chicken wings special"""".    included "
346,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  picked up an order and it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get.  walked in to wait for my order and there was an employee at the counter.  i asked if they forgot to make my pizza.  they said yes.  i thanked the employee and walked out.  waiter was ok, kept a smile and good humor.  great touch.  really wish they changed their pizza.  italian beef is delicious, but not nearly as good as their bacon crust pizza.  really wants to like this place, but doesn't want to give it a chance just yet."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a great "
347,2,Negative," Horrible pizza! i have never written a bad review but this place definitely needs to be wiped down to a fine art. they need to take some of the worst parts of the place and apply some of the best parts of the restaurant. maybe even get some pizza made from scratch. the pizza should be hot when it comes out the box, but not scorched on the bottom. if you want to eat it later, why not get a snack to tide you over til you can eat it? why burn your pizza while you wait for it to cool? i also have yet to see anyone from the company take an hour or two to give me a fair shake. isn't that a violation of some sort of company policy? if you think that's fair, "
348,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. will never go back. avoid this place. it's a last resort for me and even then i regret it. they don't care about what they're serving you. and the customer service is crappy. you're better off going to nello's, big lug's, or charlie's."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get the best pizza here, we got the wrong kind, and second that we paid for the food with our debit cards.   we went in for lunch and were quickly seated. we were quickly ushered into a private room where we were quickly cut off mid sentence as our waitress began to read our menu.  after a couple of minutes she came back "
349,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  the meatballs were a bit bland and over-cooked.  they were topped with a thin crust of parmesan cheese and a drizzle of sauce.   pizzas like these, when you consider the prep time, are very wasteful.  they also tended to be very large.  whereas a smaller pizza would have fit in a lunchable sized lunchbox, a large pizza serves more than enough for two people.    bottom line, if you want a passable meal in the dr. parking lot this is your place, if not, you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by "
350,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  ordered mozarella sticks and asked for chicken. the pizza was so greasy that i could not eat it.  ordered a variety of pizza toppings and asked for extra sauce. nothing.  picked up my pizza and gave it to the guy who delivered it. he asked, """"the best pizza i've ever had?"""" i said yes with a side of ranch. he then took the pizza and burned it. and then took the wings too. and told me it was going to be $8.70 for a 4-slice pizza? (i waited for 4 hours!) i said fine and hung up expecting my pizza to be here soon. alas it will be another hour and a half before i get my pizza.  "
351,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. you will notice some customer bases are big consumer bases. yes i agree sending me the wrong product is a mistake but the cook placing a pizza with giant air pockets in it which is also 2 inches in diameter smaller than the large ordered in the box isn't a mistake, it was intentional. i have posted the picture. replacement pizza arrived 2 hours after my initial order with crust just as bas and ice cold. thank, never will we order here again."" ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, sat down, got a bomb of a pizza, the staff was pretty nice, i ordered the grilled vegetable salad and was told i could get a salad as an appetizer or as a side. after about an hour and a "
352,2,Negative," Horrible pizza,""""""but the largest issue is still the crust. they have completely botched this one. we order a medium cheese deep dish, and my husband gets a large pizza. he doesn't get a pizza that's his favorite size, he gets a large pizza that's his favorite color. he even asked for the pizza to be warmed up before he could have it. we will never go back. order came cold and incorrect. ordered off grubhub. no fault with grubhub. won't order pizza from this restaurant again. ""i would like to give it no stars.  the pizza was burnt.  we ordered a cheese deep dish, and my husband got a pizza.  he ordered a sausage, and there was "
353,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. I thought it might have been from the oven. i'm not a food writer so i don't really have any firsthand experience. but from what i have read from other users, this is a fairly common issue.  my husband, myself and my daughter tried the pizza. we all thought the pizza was great until we got home. we were all disappointed. we all thought the pizza was going to be okay. but it didn't. it made us feel bad for the staff that made the pizza. we all thought they got creamed. we all thought they would have better things to do.   bottom line is, if you want a really awful pizza delivered in two hours this is your place.   if you "
354,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh so "
355,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took over 5 minutes for an employee to acknowledge i was there and i was "
356,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. i refuse to eat here. the owner is a douche who can't even figure out how to properly clean a pizza. they have one dirty blonde chick working in the kitchen and two or three dirty nymphs working in the parlor. the owner is going to have to think of a way to make a living. the food is horrible and the service sucks. maybe the owner is a cheap person and is exploiting his employees. i don't know. but either way! the food is just not good enough. we won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a wet pizza, there was a wild mushroom cap on the pizza, and "
357,2,Negative," Horrible pizza,"" tweeted anita. other than that, nothing. just got out of the area and this has become my new normal. $75 later, i called and asked for a refund and they gave me a free pizza credited to my account. not a happy customer. needless to say, the experience was extremely disappointing. i will never go back."" ""i'm honestly disappointed. when i first walked in to the restaurant i was pretty nervous. my daughter ordered a personal pesto and i think it might have been the garlic knots. after a couple of orders, i asked for a side of ranch. some kind of ranch? i don't know. but after hearing so many people complain about how salty the ranch was, i was under the impression "
358,2,Negative," Horrible pizza! i was so hungry and my son was going to pick it up when i noticed that the box was open. i quickly got a plate and was extremely hungry. needless to say, i'm not hungry at all of any more. both our pizzas were just greasy garbage. i'm not even kidding. you are welcome to check out the other locations in the area that do not use MSG. you will be WASTED! ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. "
359,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. I guess you could say my experience was representative of the rest of the restaurant. I would suggest the following to anyone considering ordering pizza from this location: 1) Go to any other restaurant that serves pizza similar to ours 2) Consider ordering from a different location 3) Order at least an hour early so you can get some much needed sleep 4) If you must eat here, at least consider ordering from a different location so you can sleep soundly at night. if you decide on eating here, you will be out of your mind. i can't even count the number of times i've woken up to find that their pizza is now my standard bella. when i say standard bella, i mean it. the pizza is just not "
360,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. this is the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten. i do not eat meat. i do not eat cheese. i do not eat pineapple. i even had to ask for sauce. the crust was bland and hard. ruining the fun of a great pizza. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck!!!!! i wasted $18 plus a $2 tip! ""just ordered and holy smokes i've never seen the delivery time like this one, 65 to 75 minutes. they need to step their game because this is becoming not worth the wait at all not to mention it's a flop.  i used to like their pizzas, but twice already i won't be going back."" "
361,2,Negative, Horrible pizza. this place has gone down several times because of health code violations and vandalism.  i was recently in the area for the first time in about 10 years and i was so excited to be back in my hometown. everything was fresh and hot. it was a beautiful day so i decided to give it a try.   i ordered the normal pepperoni and sausage pizza.   it was very good.  the sauce was a bit salty and the pizza sliced all over.    short order of fries: $ice cold fries.  short order of 3 pizzas: $6.50  plus tip: $1.50  plus 2 pizzas: $2.50  plus 2 wings: 
362,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  the pepperoni twists were like the ones from a lunchable.  really?  what a disappointment.  my wife and i will never go back. ""did the online order. arrive at the time that the food was supposed to be ready. 10 min later i'm left with a phone call that i'm not going to pick up my food. i'm from the midwest and we move to caliente's pretty much every waking moment. this has me worried for my health.  if i wasn't from there then this wouldn't be a concern.  but we are and it scares the crap out of me.  i'm on a pay no frills deal and i work from home most of the day. "
363,2,Negative," Horrible pizza! i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, restaurant get out do nothing, why would you even have a restaurant if you're just ripping people off just to make a few bucks? morgan was a little pricey for the pizza, but the service was terrible. you're just exploiting the customers stupid mistake of ordering a thin crust pizza. the customer service was so bad i felt unsafe. they had to physically escort me out of the restaurant. with the pizza still in tact, and my dishwasher running with the detergent, i was able to eat it. just some notes on the service: (sunday evening, party of 3): larry ate his pizza, i took 1 extra slice and ate it too. so, "
364,2,Negative," Horrible pizza, wow. i was terribly disappointed. i was expecting a lot out of this place, but i was disappointed.   bottom line, if you can't figure out how to do pie, don't make pie.    if you want a passable pizza, give this place a try."" ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.  delivery guy finally showed up and we had already ordered chinese.  horrible customer service.  if the pizza is over 2 hours late, give it for free.  better yet, never order from a pizza "
365,2,Negative," Horrible pizza, really? that's how disgusting it was? ugh... ugh!! so a two star pizza was better than a one star pizza.   bottom line, our order didn't come through. we called to inquire and was told it was a mistake. we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.    we tried to honor the refund by ordering from their web site and from what we understood they are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, which means we are charged Membership fee when you order a product. e.g. if you tell your friends to get e-books, they get to choose which ones you want to read. not true. instead of accepting a $5 discount "
366,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. It felt like it literally came from a box. i do not fault people for wanting healthy food, but this was not appetizer, lunch, dinner, or snack. the food was fine, but the service was terrible. we were literally told that we could sit in our cars because they were too hot. we were told that we could eat outside! we were told that we could not have our drinks yet because they were working late. we were told that we could get our drinks from our cars (this was shown on our phones). our plates were picked up and we were told that we could eat as many as we wanted. we were told that we could not have our drinks until we were at least 20 min away. we were told "
367,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. 0 stars. :( ""our server was the nicest guy. i was happy to see him getting some customer service training.  however, the pizza was just blah.  we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because the dish was medium, they decided to put the menu in the dishwasher.  this took about 5 minutes as we were washing our hands, then we went in for the evening.  when i walked in, everything was freshly made, plate was cold, and the wine was still bubbling.    so, the whole night, except for the briefest of moments, i was at the dining room table.  i should have taken a picture.  okay, i could have gotten a better job "
368,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. pay attention to the ingredients, not the food. my daughter had her whole pizza sliced in half. she was so hungry, she didn't want half of it. the pizza was so greasy as well... the garlic knots were delicious... i still have a hard time believing that an Italian restaurant could possibly put garlic knots in their pizza. $35 for a cold pizza isn't a cold one... damn.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered in 2 hours this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered a pizza, it barely had any cheese, and it was just all sauce and cheese. "
369,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. taste like mold noodles. i am not a food critic, but i am a food critic... not just a food critic but a critic of the highest order. the pizza was edible but the service was unprofessional and insulting. my name is not even Akiko, the restaurant is actually named after me. not even close. the food was fine, but the service was unprofessional and disrespectful. if you want a snooty, take a chill pill. if you want a fuss free experience...just stay at home and take one for the road trip. if you want a fuss free experience...just stay at home and take one for the road trip. if you want a fuss free experience...just stay at home and take one for the "
370,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. I don't know if the two pizzas get more rot at the grocery store than this.  really? two slices?  i'm not a food critic so i can't vouch for the veracity of the reviews, but we are willing to bet that the pizzas are dramatically different.  maybe 60 minutes after i ordered my pizza, having my money refunded, i called to check my bank account.  when i drove by on my way home from driving out of my way for the second time that night around 10:30 pm, all the while my pizza was sitting there, unopened, for over 30 minutes.  why wouldn't you let me know that something was wrong if you found out that my pizza was "
371,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. what a disappointment. i didn't want to miss out on this one, especially because it was on the menu as a reward for completing a household task (i.e., pizza + salad).  but, alas, i did.     anyways, i had high hopes for this place.  it's a shame that so many other satisfied customers have left unhappy reviews.  it's also a shame that so many people can't stomach pizza.  they think it's gross, and it's filled me up inside to the point where i can't even have it.  it's ridiculous.  the salad was tasty though.  the pizza was good but so is the salad.    bottom line, "
372,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck!!!!! i wasted $16.16 i didn't eat my pizza until it was half way done baking. wasted time of not going back ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of sauce on the pizza, but that's what you basically get from them.  you dont even taste the sauce, that "
373,2,Negative, Horrible pizza. horrible customers. horrible employees. awful customers. horrible employees. horrible pizza. horrible customers. horrible pizza. terrible customers. horrible pizza. terrible customers. horrible pizza. terrible customers. horrible customers. horrible pizza. terrible customers. horrible customers. horrible pizza. terrible customers. horrible customers. horrible customers. horrible customers. horrible customers. horrible customers. horrible customers. horrible employees. terrible customers. horrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza. terrible pizza 
374,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  picked up after 6 hours, no thanks. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  everyone who was there was there at least partially because they wanted to eat, and not just look good doing it.  we got sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food.  our server said they opened at 6:35ish and it took 45 minutes for our food, we never got a chance to eat.  she said they have no clue what happened to our food.  we don't want to be rude and be like """"they had to cook our food!""""  so we just want to be able to eat.  pretty basic human decency gone wayyyyy "
375,2,Negative, Horrible pizza. i don't know how this town stays together when the bad pizza starts to pile up.  it just doesn't seem to hold together when the bad pizza is this bad.  we've ordered chicken tenders from here many times and were charged .01 per lb. for small amounts of food.  this place just doesn't seem to care about what they're charging for the food.  it's a shame because it makes me wonder what else do they not care about?  being from san francisco i can tell you that this town doesn't care about food.  it doesn't seem to care about the food they put in.  it doesn't seem to care about the people they employ.  it doesn't seem to care 
376,2,Negative," Horrible pizza, everyone who ate it knows that. guess what??? they can't put it on the menu, it's gone. we won't be going back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get the real pepperoni, i didn't realize that is what they were cooking. i also didn't realize it was so much work to prepare a pizza, let alone take it back. finally, the food was good but the service was awful. we waited an hour and 20 minutes for a pizza that was cold and they didn't even show up to pick it up. sounds like a bad service job, doesn't it? john?"" ""wow, i've been here four or five times. the "
377,2,Negative," Horrible pizza! i have never been to a pizza hut i was not extremely disappointed. they consistently under perform their own food. i do not fault them for failing to deliver my pizza, but they should have known from the get go that i would be less than thrilled if i was going to wait an hour and a half for my pizza. the pizza was cold and my wings were under cooked. i contacted the owner prior to leaving the store and she was apologetic, nothing was ever fixed. i waited over an hour and a half for my pizza to be delivered and when i drove by on my way home from driving out of my way for the second time that night around 10:30 pm, all the employees were standing around talking in the parking lot. "
378,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. i am hesitant to order again. there is a reason this is not picked up all that much: driver error."" ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce.  i was charged .05c for the pizza, which was a bit pricey for what i got.  i mean, what a mess this place was.  i would have felt better if i received a better product.  the pizza was pretty shitty, too.  sure, the service was bad, but the pizza taste was just awful.  i don't know.  maybe the driver was high, too.  who knows?  the "
379,2,Negative, Horrible pizza! the meatballs were completely unseasoned pork belly. i was told that it was a mistake. yes i agree sending me the wrong pizza is a mistake but the cook placing pork belly on top of a pizza is not a mistake but intentional. i do not think i will be attempting a pizza casserole ever again. they have really gone down the tubes. a friend told me they no longer serve pork belly pizzas but you can still get a satay style pizza. my fiance ordered a steak instead which was amazing but now has me worried for the health of our son. i am also told that there is no longer a la veranda across the street from the house we are staying at. we ordered a sistina which was 
380,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  gave me attitude.  this place sucks."" ""terrible.  this is the most disturbing and disturbing pizza i have ever eaten.  it is 100% fake and the crust is hard as a rock.  my husband and i have to be at the hospital.  this product will not be passed off as authentic.  this disgusting pizza should never be passed off as authentic.  it is disgusting.  we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out.  it was so disappointing.  the pizza sauce was so-so-similar to the stuff they put out in the garage.  it was almost identical in texture.  the pizza was just bland.  "
381,2,Negative, Horrible pizza. really? so their pizza is this bad? seriously? wow.  gave me a sassy look when i asked for less than an 8-hour wait (no reservation required). no one that i know of that i know of in the vegas area does pizza delivery. not one person that i know of in the valley that does it. not one person.. i even told them what happened. not one person. i even said something about how i don't want extra pizza for lunch. no one said anything. flat out no one comes over to my house to my house to give me lunch after i told them what happened. makes me wonder what else do they not handle to keep me as a customer? i would like to say this 
382,2,Negative," Horrible pizza"" in honor of saba the skunk.    we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go here."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a super delicious pizza, we got a sick animal. i would expect nothing less from a k-c-s. the pizza was extremely greasy and the crust was dingy. they claim the crust is ""fresh out the oven."" i was shocked when i "
383,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. customer service was terrible. they said they would give us a chance to rectify the situation. we are giving them 90 days. no response. ""i just wanted to let you know how terrible our pizza was. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted it because our friends live 10 min away. the pizza was totally not meant for us. it was just all red sauce and cheese. i don't know why they couldn't just make it right here in the store. the decor of the store is very well done and i appreciate the effort. go to any other location and chances are the decor is going to be radically different. copious amounts of grease was still on the pizza after waiting "
384,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. nothing hot nor spicy. cheese is basically sugar with salt added. will not be returning."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was really nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  bottom line, our pizza was over-cooked. we could tell when we opened the box.  the crust was dark brown, as was the cheese.  on one pizza the bottom of the crust was burned black and we could not eat it. the other was not as burned, but was so overcooked it was not enjoyable.    whoever cooked this pizza should have known "
385,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. you won't be returning to this place. would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""im usually not this kind of guy but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid pattern incompetence...there isn't a huge pizza hole in the area so i was curious if anyone knew of any good pizza nearby...no luck... no choice but to stay at the office pizza... nice touch."" ""nice touch. didn't get the deep dish, just the pizza (3 pizzas), 2 spreads, 2 taters....for $4.99?!?!? i'm Scottish and he was very nice...i would have thought a little extra money would have been better spent somewhere else, right? i'm just guessing here, but "
386,2,Negative, Horrible pizza. the meatballs were very tasty. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy.  i regret going there and feel embarrassed at telling them how much i loathe their food. they have no clue what kind of pizza i would choose.  the manager and his son are clueless and cluelesss.  they must know what kind of pizza i would choose.  if i wanted a very good steak would go to bambinos or east side.  if i wanted a very good pizza i would go to tombstone or boston pizza.  if i wanted a very 
387,2,Negative," Horrible pizza, no cheese, and so on. i'm just looking forward to getting some much needed sleep. thanks for the heads up guys! lift well and good luck!"" ""hit or miss depending on who's working, and sometimes it's miss because there's a party in the house, and sometimes it's miss because the pizza isn't up to par, and sometimes it's miss because the pizza is burnt or has blackened on one side and white on the other. this happened on multiple visits, and i'm sure the guests are familiar with the joint. the one i stayed at had both charred on one side and white on the other. i'm not exaggerating when i say the two sides and white on the one was beyond disgusting. "
388,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. barbarians. terrible food. and no way do they even get the toppings right. my kids children thought it was going to be pizza only to find out it was apparently ______ as well. they even got a taxidermied pig's head as a side. my kid was screaming for pizza so I didn't send it back. but the pizza was ruined. i'll never send my money. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple "
389,2,Negative," Horrible pizza!! will never go back.. no matter where i live in nj."" ""terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i've ever had. i've never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""this will be my last time here. the staff were very nice on the phone taking my order after i asked for a glass of wine and some more garlic bread. the wine was of the wine basket kind which i appreciate, but the garlic bread was really good. i would pass on this one."" ""this will be my last time here. the service was slow and rude. they didn't even bother to let "
390,2,Negative, Horrible pizza. Everything that goes wrong with a bad pizza is also bad with a bad customer service. i already know the place has great pizza but this was the most unacceptable i have ever encountered. they did not even try to compensate me at all... they offered me a couple free pizzas to compensate me for having to drive an hour and a half to go to the place where my family could have my food for free... i declined. i was told that free pizza was given to everyone who ordered regardless of how they received their food.   i later learned that free pizza was only given to those who ordered ahead of time which is 100% not true... i never received a phone call saying that. i also learned that those who did receive a 
391,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza. wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say the experience was amazing. it was the first time i came here and i was completely uninspired by the food. we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza, and a side of their famous pasta. after about 30 minutes i asked if they could put the rice on the side like the did before, the manger of the place came over "
392,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. while the vegetables are very good, the crust is hilariously awful.  a friend told me the crust was because it was so terrible they had to bake it in the oven.  i still can't wrap my head around why someone as pretentious as i am would want to eat this way.  it's so much work to make such a terrible product.   i don't know the answer to that question.  maybe it's because i'm a pizza guy, but the crust just doesn't jive with my perception of what a good pizza is.  it's so pretentious and overpriced, i don't know.  but, either way - waiting 40 minutes for a sub-par pizza is totally unacceptable.  "
393,2,Negative," Horrible pizza!!!!! you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck!!!!! i wasted $18 plus a $2 tip! ""just ordered and holy smokes i've never seen the delivery time like this one, 65 to 75 minutes. they need to step their game because this is becoming not worth the wait at all not to mention it's a shame that there is no parking outside for those long waits, it's even dirtier inside. the pizza is not even that good... this place just lost my business. not worth the wait."" ""this will be my last time here. pizza is full of a ton of grease. the guys who make the pizza use their bare hands, then toggle back and forth to "
394,2,Negative," Horrible pizza...probably the worst i have ever had from there. i will never go back...it's a shame that there isn't anyone there to watch the shop...waste of time"" ""hit or miss. the first time i went the food was amazing so much so i i went back for a second time in a week. the first time i got a 'build your own pizza' with alfredo sauce and chicken. the second time i ordered the same thing and they forgot the alfredo but put it on the side, okay fine it was still good. today, i ordered food to pick up and ordered the same pizza for a third time. i was told they didn't have alfredo sauce for pizza only white garlic "
395,2,Negative," Horrible pizza.  put it on a ship for a week and bring it back here.  have someone make it right here in my place.  get it right here, get it now!!!"" ""terrible.  this is the most disturbing pizza i have ever had.  the entire thing was covered in grease.  the crust was  gluten-free in origin, but since when does gluten-free mean bland?  we simply do not get the message that this is a good pizza.  we are one and done.  we won't be returning."" ""terrible.  this is the saddest i've ever been in my life.  we ordered a pizza for dinner and it took an hour and a half, when "
396,2,Negative," Horrible pizza... i did not get a single slice through my entire meal. tragically bad service. hopefully the owners read this and improve their menu choices. blanket ignored my complaints and refused to do business with me one iota longer. i will never go back.. ""honestly? it tasted weird. i was visiting extended family and we bought two pizzas–one for 21$, the other for 18$. the pizzas were fresh and 2 toppings were left out. we picked up the two pizzas and they were just 2 pizzas in the box. i was honestly disappointed. no pizza flavor, very little cheese, and basically zero pork belly.   i needed to see the menu to be sure, so i ordered online. needless "
397,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's."" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say the experience was exceptional. we were entertained for a while by the mishaps and downright bizarreness of the evening, but the real treat was the food.oved to lou's in nello last night after hearing so many people raving about how good their pizza is in ny.the pizza was, well, okay. they've got a "
398,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce. when our pizza arrived it was extremely soggy, the crust was dark brown, and the cheese was wilted. we are hoping they burn our pizza because it was so soggy. we also received a piece of """"garlic bred"""". this was not a good experience. i would highly recommend not ordering through this disgusting restaurant. drag your family here and take one for a real treat. you will thank me later. to everyone who helped me out by giving me honest reviews; THANK YOU!!!"" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we got a bad product--we ordered a large pizza, and it took almost 30 minutes for "
399,2,Negative," Horrible pizza. once i had ordered i called and said i would like 2 slices and a drink. they said they only had 1 glass. i said good because i don't want two liters. they gave me some pizza with extra sauce but no ice. good luck!  ""wow these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say they can't honor the """"2nd"""" "
400,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. the pizza is over-cooked and tastes like it was microwaved. i was shocked when i opened the box. there were 2 types of pizza inside. the 'real deal' pizza that i was told was hand-selected from a large factory-made pizza bowl. this was despite the fact that the large factory-made pizza bowl had barely any meat on it. the meat was mostly in the form of finely chopped seeds, which were edible but were most likely ground up some other type of pizza ingredient. the fine-ish seeds were scattered throughout the pizza, making it look like it was from a large pizza. the fine-ish seeds were most likely the result of mixing together of 2 types of seeds: one from a jar "
401,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. so we show up to pick up our pizza it barely had any cheese, banana peppers and pepperoni. if pizza isn't your thing then this should be another story. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck me :( i wasted $16. ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? sad.  very few choices so you better want a pizza, a club sandwich, or "
402,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. the food is fine though. we ordered a pizza, 2 wings and garlic knots. we received: 1 wing, 0 garlic Knot. no cheese. nothing.   don't waste your time. go to grimaldi's."" ""i'm new to the area and had been looking for a restaurant set-up. motel 6 has been a go-to for a while, but it seems the place is moved around a lot.  i.e. the last two years have been busy, so maybe it's because of the weather.   but, for the life of me, i can't understand why there isn't a sign saying 'this is a party of 3' on the door. that "
403,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this would of been an amazing pizza. everything from the delivery to the topping to the sauce was great. thank you so much for the great food last night and good luck!"" ""i love the pizza, but i've had just 1 good experience here when the weather was gorgeous in the evening on the patio. the first time patio experience was bad because fruit flys (i think) were pretty bad. i had a fine in experience 2 weeks ago. it was cold so we decided to eat inside. the smell inside is like a dirty drain and flys again, but not as bad. the pizza was good, but i don't think i'll be going back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that "
404,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. this was my 2nd visit to this location, the first after they just opened. i already knew their pizza was not great, but i was visiting my brother in law who is a pizza fan. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted it. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go!"" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a great one. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean a pizza can taste anything. "
405,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this would of been a 5.  first of all i arrived to find my pizza had no pizza sauce on it. secondly, i was told that it was a mistake. thirdly, i was told that the mistake was on my part and that i would get a free pizza. fourthly, i was told that the mistake wasn't on my part and that it was on the pizza master. fifthly, i was told that the mistake wasn't on me, but on the pizza caller.   six months after this meal, i still have yet to receive a free pizza.    do not waste your time eating here. get a job."" ""the pizza here is horrible. i've ordered it a few "
406,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars to both websites. i ordered a pizza from chandler and it took 1 hour and 15 minutes and the pizza was never delivered.  when i questioned the delivery guy he proceeded to blame it on the driver and never offered up any comps of any kind to show any customer appreciation to keep me as a customer.  i then asked the driver if he had any other customers he needed to drive to and he proceeded to blame it on the customer and never offered up any comps of any kind to show any customer appreciation to keep me as a customer.    bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer delivery then don't offer it. the food is good but the experience is awful. stop telling people you deliver "
407,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place. very few choices so when you have none you are left with pizza, salad, and wings. the salads were delicious but the pizza was meh. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because. the pizza was tough and the sauce was runny. you have to pay the entire bill for the pizza. not a happy customer."" ""this is one of the worst pizza hut's i've ever dealt with. they messed up my order, promised me a $15 credit in return, and then rob and tatiana refused to honor the credit. their customer service skills were laughable. rather than giving me a free cheese pizza, rob spent 15 minutes on the phone interrogating me. and tatiana seems to have never "
408,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. i bought a groupon deal for family meal: large cheese pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda. worst pizza ever!!we ordered over the phone and picked up the order.it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. the pizza was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. and we had to throw it away. $35 later, we called to complain. they offered a $5 credit in return. i said fine and hung up expecting my order in under 5 minutes. got a refunded $35. talk about a scam!!!"" ""groupon has always been one of those places that everyone can agree on. the menu is big enough where "
409,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. cheaper than greek,astroturfed, and locoot. soggy and undercooked. ate too much. mostly watery garbage. tasted like mold...terrible food!!!!! ordered 2 pizzas with rice and a side of """"fried mushrooms"""" and i was told they forgot to put the rice in. now, if i was a betting man, i would say the rice was hot but not properly cooked, but i was more concerned about the food than that. to be fair, the pizza was not terrible, just a bit pricey. the service was sub par. we had a 20 minute wait before getting our pizzas, and when we got them, they were extremely cold. at this time, we were not "
410,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place. honestly i wouldn't bother. service was slow and rude. pizza was prepared and taken out quickly. cheese pizza was prepared and then forgotten about for half the time. when the last time i went this was my 2nd time coming here. i hope the times are different this time. because i really don't want to waste their time. ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.  delivery guy finally showed up and we had already ordered chinese.  horrible customer service.  if the pizza is over 2 hours late, give it for free.  "
411,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars just one more time for being a poor man's pizzeria i would. i ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce. everything was well together except the pizza crust. when i opened up my pizza box i was extremely disappointed. there was a very good pizza missing from the box. i could have fed 2 more people so i did not feel the need to write one until i had the chance to check it out. the pizza was warm but the taste was not very good. i will not be returning."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give "
412,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. special order: large cheese pizza (marcello's). not quite to the standards of pizza brutta, but very good. i sometimes get the feeling that this is a product of poor planning and execution, as there is no such thing as a pizza brutta without pork belly. the pizza is cooked all over, from the bottom up. you can see it in the oil, the brown gravy, and even the cheese. it's just not what i would call a good pizza. my husband adds that the meat lovers are missing out on one of the best bargains of the year. . . maybe i'm a stickler, but i don't like hearing that name. . . oh, and for the life of me "
413,2,Negative, If I could give 0 stars this place. we ordered a personal pesto pizza. we received a potato masher. we asked for extra sauce and received none. we asked for a side of rice with extra cream but were told no. our waitress probably spent two minutes total the entire meal at our table. absolutely nothing hot n ready.   when our waitress came back to check on us we told her everything was in order. she then said oh well maybe they forgot to take out the crust. we told her to make it a pizza. she then said fine and hung up. i don't think i gave up until they took my order. when i was told no i was extremely disappointed. the food here is way over priced. personal pesto is like $ 
414,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. everything they did right, from the time my order was placed to the time i received my food was exactly as it should have been, and i did not have to mess with anything. i placed my order at 8:35, showed up about 20 minutes later and the pizza was still not here. at that time it was still not even started, and they have yet to even acknowledge that it even existed. the manager even went as far as to tell me that they do not deal with this sort of thing anymore. i do not fault them for having a bad system, but they should have just shut down and given me a non-stop stream of customer service. it was frustrating the entire time, and the minute i thought that "
415,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would.  traffic light ambiance. few kid friendly people. icicle cone pizza. if you eat here...take your time, the pizza comes out real fast. lots of pizza for 20$ - 35$ at art supply.the pizza was cold and kids were starving. not calling them again. ""we ordered a child's pizza, and our waiter asked for 14 wings. we did not get 14 wings, we got 13 pizzas instead. they did not even bother to hang the wings another second. the waiter only took 30 seconds to get us a beer. that was it. so we have 2 options; (a) order a child's pizza, and hope for the best; or (b) take a "
416,2,Negative, If I could give 0 stars i would. but the restaurant was clean and the young man who answered the phone was not douchy at all. he was very professional and i appreciated that very much. i also appreciated the fact that the young man who answered the phone did not start off asking me if i could take some money out of my checking or something so i can't compare it to what they gave me. maybe i just have a bad credit score and bad customer service skills.   maybe the young man who answered the phone did what i expected him to do.  he asked me if i could take some money out of my checking or something so that i can compare it to what they gave me.  i said fine and hung up expecting my money back about 
417,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars it would. but here we are with 3 stars.  we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 20 minutes, the day of, and we still didn't get our pizza until almost 24 hours after we placed the order, which we didn't even get a chance to eat. we had to call the owner to let her know we didn't get our pizza until we were more than a half an hour away. she was happy to give us a call and see we were missed, but didn't get back with us until we were more than a quarter of an hour away. we were there when she picked us up, and she had to drive us to the airport to pick us up. we were there when she dropped us off "
418,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place wouldn't have gotten a bad review. food was okay, but the service sucks. they deserve a bad review, because they're ruining pizza iv for the rest of us. to the person at the counter what a disappointment this was--thank you so much! i'll never go back. you won't even get a passing grade from us...it was more like lavender ice cream. we won't even order pizza from there again! how dumb! ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus "
419,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars I would. but we have to keep going to the shop to buy more.  do not waste your time here.  it is not worth the trip."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table -the high prices -the slow service, despite being one of only five parties dining -the loud music that desperately screamed 'we're a cool restaurant...we promise!'"" ""well i was hoping this place would "
420,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars, i would. food was okay, but the service sucks. they either sit around and  stack up phone calls and don't take orders until they are called back, or they take orders and don't have them until they are called back. the first service was fast, but then the order wasn't there. they didn't even tell me until i was driving by and asked them if they overlooked my order that i would need to pay for my pizza. if i didn't care so much about the pizza, i would at least know the food was good. the pizza was cold and my wings were under cooked. i called them back and said i wanted them done by now. they told me they would do an update. i waited till i "
421,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this would have been my last time here. the pizza is pretty crappy, got a 10/10. i think it might be the sheik's, if i lived in sheik wafers country i'd be out walking through the woods right now. the sheik's are super chill and have really nice people. the pizza is just ok, probably the worst part of the trip, we didn't get a chance to taste the real food until we were nearly there... wtf? seriously? like the food was real food? so, the food was real food but the pizza was not? secret pizza(s) - what a load of chinese garbage. wtf? seriously? like the food was real food but the pizza was "
422,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. whatever happened to a clean slate?  maybe it's because this is my first time having it, but the pizza is just greasy and smelly.  i also have to contend with a recurring stomach ache.  it's been two and a half months and still no resolution.  maybe it's been two and a half months since i last had this much trouble.  i hope not.  the food is good though.  the pizza is good but the service sucks.  we've ordered chicken tenders from here many times and were charged .30c for them.  this was the first time we were refused a pizza because we were told there was a $7.50 tip.  i can't even "
423,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. so we show up to the drive through and the restaurant is empty. after about 5 minutes of patiently waiting we are called back and they tell us that the drive through was empty as well. so we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel which we did but was super uncomfortable. we ordered a small pizza and a drink and we were told our pizza would be ready in 30-45 minutes. we waited and watched as the pizza was finally delivered to our table. we were there over 3 hours and had only just arrived.   we were honestly disappointed and it took quite the drive through to give me the bad news. so, i'll just leave you with one more video that i shot of yelp's pizza "
424,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. very disappointed. not only was the pizza not very good but the person handling the pizza was not very friendly.   if the pizza sells, i will pass on yet another occasion."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.   the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like "
425,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. however, i think the food is great, and the service is great. everything from the drinks to the delivery (i believe it was ice cream included). to top it off of the pizza, the spot was pretty empty so i think it's safe to say everything is worth it. except for the pizza. which i still have yet to receive.   i don't know. but either way, i'm leaving."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was terrible -- we were rushed from our table very quickly and our drinks were very cold. that's it. i can't even remember the last time i've been gone to pie generation pizza. the second time i went was "
426,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would.  three stars for getting us food today and being so accommodating.  we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food. our server began to list the drinks we would like to have and we were told that our food would be ready in 30 minutes. we were charged our food at 11:59 and our food was delivered to our table at 13:15. the pizza was finally delivered to our table at 14:15. around 40 minutes after our food came, we asked to speak to the manager. the manager stated that she was not available as she was at the hospital. this resulted in us speaking to our waiter for 4 more minutes until we could ask for a table. the waiter stated that he was available "
427,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place. the service was rude. no explanation given as to why our table was not updated in the system a little over 48 hours after our reservation.   fact is we did not get a call until well past 3:30 pm. not only was this rude but it left us feeling devalued. we were able to get a table but were quickly ushered out. we were told that our pizza wasn't good enough, we could get a 'lite pizza' for 3 bucks. not one pie was good enough. we were told our pizza was on the menu and would be changed. not one person on our party asked to be changed. we were told that we could eat our pizza however we would have to take it back. we were "
428,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place. the service was rude. they asked for two more appetizers, one with pepperoni and one with pepperoni and sausage, which we didn't get. they didn't even apologize and just took the food. it was disappointing. the food was good but the service was awful. they need to get rid of that obnoxious driver who wouldn't even look at my food. they need to just learn to treat drivers like people. maybe they are too nice for business. we didn't get a call from the driver after we ordered, she didn't even shake my hand. walked in to the restaurant and just snapped: """"hi there, how's your day going?"""" i thought she would at least have a nice apology from the owner "
429,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place would have an olympic touch. the food is basic and over priced. the service is slow and rude. if you want a more upscale experience do not waste your time here. simply put, """"we ripped off their pizza"""" and """"it was a great experience  we will never go back."" one of the worst pizza hut's i have ever dealt with. they ripped my boyfriend off , i wish they would just shut up and do something about their customer service. the food is good but the customer service is ridiculous. they take 1 hour and 15 minutes to give me a bad service pizza. i order delivery for my pizza which they glommed on to give me, and when i get it, it is cold. "
430,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. everything they made us eat was so bland it made me want to vomit. we ordered a pizza, 2 wings and a drink. everything we ordered was on the menu but we did not get. we also ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver. we asked for 1 ranch dressing to dip our pizza in. they gave us only 1 dressing and it was jumbled up like it was suppose to be. we asked for more cheese but there was no ranch to it. we asked for 1 more cheese pizza but there was only 1 cheese and it was jumbled up. we asked for it all to be put in the back in the hope it would stick. the 1st they gave us was a glass of wine. we "
431,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. but i cant. the food is fine if u want it. the service was decent but the pizza was just a greasefest. you pay the bill and there is a credit on the card. not one to flatter, this pizza will give u a foul. minus one star for being a prickly pig and one star for being a prickly bitch."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots... they brought out everything and forgot the wings! and never even told us anything about how long it would be, we finished the pizza and knots before the wings even came! we where told that they forgot to put them in! "
432,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars, yes. but, i won't.  review starts off fine, then gets down right awful.  pizza nova - two dollars for a 12-inch pizza?  wow, i wasn't going to order that. but, i figured a short message would do. so, i did.  short message:  thank you for being a first responder and providing us with your feedback. we appreciate your time and consideration.  we will not be returning."" ""i want to like this place. very friendly and cute.  while i appreciate their contribution in terms of atmosphere and food, snooty """"qsa"""" isn't very family friendly.    there is no pizza that is as delicious as "
433,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars for my """"second"""" time. huge disappointment. first time i went the food was amazing so much so i i i went back for a second time in a week. the first time i got a 'build your own pizza"""" with 'macaroni & tomato' and rice. the second time i ordered the same thing and they forgot the pasta part. when i pointed this out to the waitress she said sorry we could have omitted the pasta since the sauce was still hot. ok fair. but the food was disappointing. they didn't really 'wow' us with their food. maybe i was a little harsh on them for not including the pasta. maybe the eggplant parmesan was my worst ever. if i had to choose between their "
434,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. nothing short of perfection. so we show up 10:30 on a friday night, a tuesday, and just got admitted to the building. there was a 20 min wait before we were even admitted, this was after i already had a table of 11 and a bartender told us that they only have 2 ppl working. so we had to sit in the lobby of the building that was only 10 min away. and we ate and drank our pizza it only took 20 min for a cold pizza to be shared. maybe i'm being picky my fellow pizza eaters... but who knows. maybe my pizza tastes better when eaten at home.   my fellow pizza eaters how you manage to eat and work in such "
435,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars it would.  why shouldn't i have known?  if i had known it was going to be this long for one pie i would have said something.  why was i surprised?  well, maybe the cheese was from scratch.    mysterious pizza.  it must have taken quite a while for me to acclimate to the thought that maybe all the hype of being a pizza nerd is well and good that one slice of pizza is all it took to convince me that this was not from scratch.  maybe i'm just comparing it too much to the """"real thing"""" and being biased.  word of advice:  less than a mile down the road is rocco's ny pizza... "
436,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. we ordered a personal pesto pizza -- 10 parts pork belly, 10 parts red sauce, 1 part parmesan, and 1 part hemp.  it was okay. nothing amazing, just basic stuff you can throw in the baguette jar. the pork belly was delicious, i didn't have any issues with it. the red sauce was also very good -- nothing to write home about. the whole time i was at the shop, the manager was at the cash register and i didn't see her taking my order.  i guess i'll have to find a new shop!"" ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i took advantage of some website coupon "
437,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. so i ordered a hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers. then the next day, after re-trying the same location, i was told that the order was upgraded to a flatbread. so, to top it off, the customer service was mediocre. nothing too crazy, nothing to blow your socks off of. if you want a truly exceptional pizza experience, stay where you are. go to lou malnatis or totten Bros. instead."" ""the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. too bad. it was the first time we have been out "
438,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. the crust is surprisingly good, but the taste is just bland.  my wife had high hopes for the pizza, but was left disappointed.  the toppings are very good, but the dough is lackluster.    bottom line - if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this coming week don't bother with this place."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a real great pizza, we got a passable but very poor imitation. the next time i'll drive my lazy self over to bonnanos and pick up some pizza myself.  bottom line - if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this coming week don't bother with this place "
439,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i wouldn't bother.  bad service, bland pizza, and really really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't a lot of pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for those prices, i'd expect a much better experience. with service and food."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the "
440,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars I would. they did not make me an offer to go somewhere else first; i was told that i could get a """"special"""" if i wanted to go somewhere else. not one to stand pat i declined. and while i may have looked good in my pj, i felt ripped off since i was told that if i didn't want to go somewhere else,  there was a 40 minute waiting period before i could go back. now, i was told that this was just a mistake. i don't want a mistake. i want a real reward. not a mistake. i want a REAL treat. i want my money back. this is not a mistake. it was intentional. and if i wanted my money back,  i would "
441,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars. i ordered a personal pesto and came home with a potato salad. not a good salad. i would've preferred a pesto salad because i like my potatoes sliced pretty good. the salad was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the salad while i was eating it. when i came back to eat the salad, the potato was still warm but the crust was dingy. could have been from the oil. no complaints there. the salad was good but the crust was blahh. if i was from outside the area, i'd be more than happy. to be honest, the pizza was pretty mediocre. my """"short rib"""" dish was a large beef rib, and the meat was rococo. i "
442,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. so we show up to the establishment at 5:30pm. as we sat down our waiter said that the pizzas take 45-60 minutes to prepare. that was my concern from the time i ate my first slice to the time i ate the last one. unfortunately this was the most undercooked yet, and since neither of us enjoy raw dough we won't be back.."" ""i wasn't planning on commenting on quality of food, but since other's have been experiencing the same issues...  we were very excited to move into sun prairie where there was a glass nickel pizza nearby (we previously lived in the milwaukee area).  the day after we moved in, we decided to order glass nickel to eat "
443,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars :( ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between takes. i thought i'd get a quick pizza and bring it home to eat. i'm from nj, and they had me believe that every pizza was prepared properly. my pizza apparently wasn't properly prepared, as there was some water dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the counter. when i picked up the food it had this water still attached to it, which meant that the water was probably soaking through the crust. the water was probably waist deep into the food, which is why i didn't see anyone else eating it. the water was also likely waist deep into the "
444,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. the pizza is not that great.  our waitress maybe knew this was a problem because she walked in and the place was pretty empty.  however, she didn't do anything about it other than assume we ordered another pizza.  we actually ordered one more pizza - this time we ordered a steak instead of a pizza.  i received: $10 off  an awesome steak instead of a pizza?    we ordered two pizzas and a sandwich.  we received one cheese and one pepperoni.  i loved the cheese and the sauce on the pizza.  it was so good that i didn't even have to ask for the extra sauce - such a shame.  the dough was really good "
445,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. and i don't see how this place can possibly become a top notch pizza place. they don't have the skill set to do it. they don't have the ability to take an existing pizza and turn it into a pizza. they're taking pizza from across the way and passing it off as their own. they don't have the ability to make a good pizza. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?  edit: to be fair the pizza was good but not nearly as good as the italian in paris. honestly i would pass on this one."" ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i took advantage of some website coupon deal "
446,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. so i ordered a hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and garlic butter. my total was $4.38 after fees. so $4.38 i was charged $4.22 , not a typo. after reviewing my bill, i called to inquire and was told i could get a free pizza. so i ordered a hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and garlic butter. my total was $4.42 catered luncheon. cost $4.42   however, this was not a meal I enjoyed. the sauce was runny and the crust was dry. the sauce was also the weakest link in the entire meal. you could tell that the cooks were frustrated. they had no idea how to make a "
447,2,Negative, If I could give 0 stars i would. i want to go back and try the old fashioned way.  order online and give  me a call when your ready to dispense.  this is just not what i have been used to from magura's. this is the most disappointing pizza i have had in a long time.  it did not seem to have any pazzaz to it.  it just seemed very dough heavy for the most part.  like the dough i would get from a regular pizza.    the manager lady seemed ok with this.  she did come by and asked how things were.  great!  she will know what i need to try to rectify this.  if i need more pizza delivered in 2 hours 
448,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would.  one star because my order got here in 10-15 minutes. i was extremely impatient and waited over an hour for my pizza. finally it was delivered to my door. cool as a boss. ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i ate too much. i re-tried today and am still here. the pizza was delicious, but the service was lacking. they don't have the ability to handle large orders the day of... nope, not one person in our party of 3 ordered over 5 large pizzas and 3 appetizers.  do they even have a lunch hour? and no one addressed us "
449,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars, i would. but i can't.  my friend got his food at around 5:30pm. he & i both got home around 6:15. we had to sit in the living room as it was pretty dark. we were able to order drinks online (i was able to order a small drink) but the food was pretty rotten. the pizza was lumpy/loose, the crust was soggy/sticky, and the heck of it was burnt. i was able to eat part of it but not the whole thing. i was hoping that the internet would have cleared up now that we were able to order a slice. alas, there was a tinge of nostalgia still clinging to me. i'm glad "
450,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. but i have to say the experience was horrible. they need to know what happened and why. they need to do something about their customer service. they need to know if they want my business over the line."" ""i just don't get it.  why is this a local favorite?  the pizza is below average at best, with crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled.  i also ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine.  the chicken was super fatty and tasted like it had been sitting out for 30 f-ing minutes!  i don't eat a lot of pizza, but when i do i want a nice, thick crust.  this pizza just seems very dough "
451,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place would. service was slow and rude. they brought out our food and forgot we ordered anything. we ended up just leaving the restaurant and going somewhere else. not crowded, tables were empty, and outside around. eat your heart out to this place. you will notice a difference. i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck!!!!! i wasted $16.50 including $2 tip. not only did i waste $16.50, but my evening was ruined. they did not even apologize and  they just took the check. nothing better than a lost $16. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best "
452,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars. went in for lunch, looked good so i ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza, and garlic parmesan fries. they brought out my pizza and it barely had any cheese. no parmesan, and barely any pepperoni. must have had something filler in it. pizza was cold. fries were good (had to throw it away). pizza was good but a bit pricey (sauce: sub-par).   bottom line: if you want a passable meal in the evening don't go to this place. you'll be disappointed."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple "
453,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. not being that impressed with this place. get out your hand jammed in some customers.....  we ordered a large pizza, 2 wings and garlic knots. they said they could not honor the $5 tip because they do not have a policy. we asked if we could get our hand stamped and they said no. we asked if we could just get our pizza we need to be there at least 5 minutes to be confident our pizza is worth $5 more. we asked if we could just get a receipt. we were not giving our receipt to a hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry  who knew what would happen. "
454,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars, no chance. everything they had was pork belly pizza, i don't know why they didn't toss it in the garbage. we ordered a salad and some pizza. we finished the salad and got a Coke. when we referred to the soda as our """"soda of choice"", i was told it was because they didn't have any other soda. yes i agree. we ordered a salad and a Coke. the salad was sugary and the Coke was the opposite of what we wanted. we decided to skip the soda and eat the pizza, they were so full of it they didn't even have any left over. the pizza was good though. worth the drive to go to louvre city if you want something a little different."" "" "
455,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place would have an even better experience. not only bad service but also bad food. we ordered a family special specifically for mom and pop pizza. we ordered chicken tenders. they charged us full price (after tip) for the sandwiches even though they were not even close to what we ordered. we even asked for extra sauce on the pizzas. no extra charge. we received: cheese on one side, sauce on the other. neither of the pizzas even came close to what we ordered. we even asked for extra sauce on the 1st try. no extra charge. they gave us: milkshake with strawberry cream. i feel i got a 'shroom shake.' i don't know. but either way - the taste is "
456,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars, i would. restaurant is clean, food is edible, atmosphere is casual. few complaints. overall great experience."" ""we ordered a large pizza and two wings. we expected a bit of a wait since it was so late, but we were wrong to worry. an hour after our order, our pizza was here. we had called about 2:30 and they said they only had one driver. we asked if they could give us a discount, they told us no. we asked if we could get a personalized discount, we were told it was because they were working late. we asked if we could get a breakfast pizza, we were told it was because they were open later. we asked if we could get a baked good, we were "
457,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. so we show up around 5:30 pm. place is pretty empty. ordered drink which took about 20 mins for a tea cake. ice was already melted in my drink. ordered apps and meals. we did not get out food until 7:30, almost 40 mins after the fact. food came out later than expected.  heck, even the tip was underhanded.    bottom line, if you want a fake fine pizza delivered in two hours this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 mins of patiently waiting and no comment from server in what the "
458,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars. tasted like ordinary ice cream. could be better. ""i got a sick feeling when i opened the box.  not quite sure what i expected, but i'm willing to bet the pizza is much better here than in the shop.  the shop is clean and the customer service is good.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""terrible.   ordered a pizza and i was told that it would be delivered in 2 hours.  the pizza arrived 2 hours after i ordered, but was already at my room.   no explanation given as to why the pizza wasn't delivered until i was upstairs in the "
459,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. but i have to agree with the other person that it was the best pizza i have ever had. perhaps it was the chef's fault that the pizza wasn't great, but the crust was the saddest part. when i was just opening my restaurant, it was raining catsup and the food was cold. this is a sign that nobody cares to take care of the food. we got a bad review from someone who thinks they are important... i hope they don't. they aren't going to get much better reviews after i tell them what happened. the pizza was fine but the service sucks. they should just shut down and someone else takes care of this place. it's a shame because it's such a beautiful restaurant.  "
460,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars the first time i received this. i was told that the wings were fresh. not one bit healthier for the fact i ordered a personal pesto pizza and a salad. and they were made in house. i'm not kidding. no one at all checked on the food. no one. i was there over 3 hours. and there was no pizza delivered. i called to check in on the food and they said they too were too busy to assist me. so i left a message with the manager and asked for a full refund. he said it was my fault for wanting to go to la pizza paris but he wouldn't let me down his pizza. so, while i wait for my pizza it pains me to think that this is how much "
461,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars it would. everything they did was wrong. we ordered a large pizza (8-inch), two appetizers (one pepsi and one jar of ranch), and a dessert (a strawberry colada swirl). Everything we ordered was over $18.90 including fees. we asked for a receipt and they gave us a receipt saying that everything was a mistake. i then asked for a receipt that stated that everything was a $7.50! they gave me a receipt that stated that everything was a $7.50 added to my card. i then asked for a $2 tip too. they gave me a $2 tip too. i then asked for a $5 tip too. they gave me a $5 tip too. i then "
462,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars instead i would. the food is good but the experience of being there has me discouraged. i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i'd get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. something about a bad break up between then two guys and a crappy pizza. needless to say i'm not bothered by this. the pizza taste just doesn't make up for the badness of the pizza. maybe it's because the pizza is so greasy, but the greasy pizza tastes like mold...terrible terrible food!!! i could eat here forever. plus, how can you serve pizza in 3rds?...terrible! ""this place has great pizza but my experience with this location has been "
463,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place would have an option for those who like a thinner crust pizza. we found that the thicker the crust the better the crust was. however, as everyone knows by now, there is no such thing as bad pizza.  maybe i would have given it an option to try the whole thing once i was out of the house. i know the taste buds of those who complain about too thick a crust are the ones that end up with burnt, soggy pizza. that is not my experience.   my wife and i both enjoyed the crispy bacon crust.     if you want to up your pizza game and live the good life then this is your place.  if not, don't waste your money and "
464,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would.<|endoftext|>more porn stars in a row giving blowjobs than i can count!  well i didn't have my finger in it yet so i wasn't paying attention, maybe 30 seconds later my phone rings. it is not a sexier than """"real life"""" but it is much more entertaining.  for the life of me i can't understand why people think this is a good idea. why would anybody want to watch another person giving their last few bucks to a filthy rich pig?  it's like they think it's a game show. i don't watch blow jobs, they don't even pay me for them. and if i didn't have a problem with it i wouldn't bother to watch.   "
465,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. but the owner is very nice and helpful.  very few choices so it makes finding a place in gated community like this all the more important.  thanks again to the owners for the good food and good luck!"" ""this place has great pizza but my experience with this location has been awful. they either take over an hour to get you a pizza or they don't deliver it at all. the first time i came here they were a little late and didn't have my food until they got my money. i had to sit outside and they had my food for over an hour before i could even ask for a free pizza. i waited for over an hour and a half because they had to stop by to pick "
466,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. very disappointed. walk away if you can't stomach the pizza."" ""very mediocre pizza. if you're looking for a quick fix in the form of a """"bowl of hunger"""" don't bother with this place. you'll regret it."" ""terrible! the pizza is pass-through, meaning the crust is white instead of the golden color on a good pizza. the prices are great, but service is terrible. the manager never calls me when the order is ready, and never comes by to check on my order once i'm in the mood. they also don't bring out my food until it's almost 40 min before my order. lastly, there is no water fountain for the parking lot area... water is "
467,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. however, there is no such thing as bad pizza. such a shame."" ""bad service, bland pizza, and really really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $7.50 (pricy, but whatever the heck, tip credit). with four people and drinks, it was about $13.50 (after tax). rounded up, that's a little over $12 per person (plus tips). isn't that fair "
468,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars I would. i ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and my total was $20! ridiculous. no one that was making the pizza mentioned that each topping was extra. i started off with a $7.99 pizza! how in the world did those little toppings add $12.00! workers are all incompetent. i didn't have the time to research the food so i just ate it. i don't eat a lot of pizza because it's so darn busy, but when it's busy i'm happy. the pizza was soggy, my husband didn't want any more and said the crust tasted like cardboard. they don't bake anything new so there's no "
469,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. the pizza sauce - homemade i was told. tasted like something i could have gotten at a grocery store. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say they can't honor the """"2nd "
470,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. so i ordered a hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers. what i got: thinly sliced hamachi with bell peppers and fingers. there was a long blonde hair in it. it was kinda my fault for having ordered a thin crust. i should have taken a picture.  yes, it was delicious. but, why would anyone even want hamachi with bell peppers and fingers? maybe i should have taken a picture of my food getting warmed up in the microwave.  i am not that picky.  i could have gotten a hamachi sandwich for $7.50. that would have been pretty good. right at the end i got a piece of """"garlic bred"""". i am not that picky. "
471,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. the pizza was burnt. looked beautiful though. thanks for the info guys! was this a mistake? would of saved my bacon. to be fair the pizza was really good. would of been better off at the table at least. maybe 11/coke and a cold beer or two.  heck, i could have saved a little money at the register.   pros: +pizza is good  cons: -slow inattentive service -slow delivery -general lack of concern about the happiness of their patrons"" i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same "
472,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. 1) the pizza sauce - homemade. not even good pizza sauce. the tomato sauce - homemade and flavorful. the garlic knots were tasty.   2) the half-hearted toast - """"half-hearted"" because there was no alcohol added. not a scratch. my family and i left hungry. they also did not get a call from the manager until we were more than ten minutes away. so it's possible they dropped the toast. i don't know. but either way - ten minutes later our pizza - which we assumed was good - was sitting at home again.  i received: a. a not so friendly phone message. b. a not so friendly e-mail. c. "
473,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place would have an even better welcome.  my daughter got her food here around 6:15 altogether. she came here with her brother and sister around 6:30. they got their food at around 6:45. they sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering their food. when they finally finished their food they took off their shoes and socks and threw them away, which they did not even look at before throwing the food away. i did not ask for them to put them back because i did not want to waste their money. they did not even have the courtesy of asking what the extra cost was. they did not even apologize and did not even try to hide the fact that they were taking things back. it was very unpleasant. i "
474,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars. i'm not a food critic so to speak. but, let me say the food was above average. we ordered house made deep dish pizza, deep dish rice cake, and garlic knots. house made deep dish pizza was a durable, golden brown color with a mild to moderate kick. garlic knots were cooked as was the house made tomato sauce. house made tomato sauce was a bit salty and bland. they didn't like the taste of their tomato sauce, so they added some kind of garlic powder to it which they deemed ""balanced"" out the taste of the tomato sauce. honestly, i didn't taste any tomato sauce. all the other ingredients combined into one large lump. kind of a mess. i'm not a food critic by any means "
475,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. this place is bugged. they wear the same outfit every time. i can't tell you how many times i've ordered pizza from there and picked up after they, just to be safe i've hidden it in the back and waited for it to be delivered. the first time i waited for it my cousin Henry saw a grey pizza under the door. he assumed it wasnt delicious so he didn't eat it. but, he got an """"uh, yeah, i forgot, pizza with olives and pineapple."" ""do not eat here!!! i bought a groupon deal for family meal: large cheese pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda. worst pizza ever!!we ordered over the phone and picked up the order. "
476,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. but we live in molton, which is a stone's throw away. the pizza here was average at best. we ordered a wood-fired pizza, and half had """"brown sauce"""" as our only dipping sauce. honestly, i would skip this one."" ""more like 2.5 stars. i'm giving two so the owners will have more incentive to make the necessary tweaks.  i really wanted to like strada 241. it's a beautiful space and the service is friendly, but the food was lackluster. we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza (i had the ''small pizza''). the salumi plate was nice but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three "
477,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars, i would. food: delicious. service: poor. poor food. and poor service. words cannot express my feelings. eaten too much. will never go back.:) ""my family ordered a pizza a few weeks ago and were curious as to what it was they were getting. they ordered a medium pepperoni and pineapple pizza, and a side of rice cake. today, we received some kind of message that their phone lines were busy and they were looking for our names. so, we decided to call ahead to inquire about our pizza. we ordered a delivery of 2 pizzas at 11:45, and an hour later, at 11:53, our pizza arrived. we had called just to order one more pizza, and their customer "
478,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars they'd give me a pass, but instead i'm sharing my story to help someone else who might be struggling too.  this past weekend my boyfriend and i were visiting family, and we rented an apartment together. we hit the books around 1:30 in the morning. it was a little chilly, so we decided to snuggle under the covers. well, it was too late. our books were already in the ashtray. we woke up to discover that our clothes had been snuggled up as well. we had left the clothes in the room and were just waking up to find them under the covers. this happened several times over the course of the night, and each time we called to check in on them. these clothes "
479,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would.  the last time i was at hot rocks, i had the most interesting and delicious pizza experience.  if i had written a review that time i would have given it 5 out of 5.  strangely, i hadn't been back in quite a while until just recently.     this time i ordered the macedonian  pasta with a starter green salad.  the salad was unique... but not good at all. it was waaayyy  overdressed. it tasted like every ingredient had been pickled  and then doused in lemon juice. i couldn't handle more than a couple mouthfuls before giving up.   the pasta... looked good.... sounded good.. but again was "
480,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. however, i must also mention that while the food is good, service was lacking. we were seated quickly and served our drinks relatively quickly. we were seated near the front, which is more convenient than it seems.   we were not the only ones seated quickly.   it has been an interesting experience to say the least.    first of all i was not invited to the last ever pizza party held at hardcore.    second i was not invited to the last ever pizza picnic held at hardcore.    thirdly, i was not invited to the last ever pizza sewer held at hardcore.    fourthly, i was not invited to the last ever pizza delivery "
481,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place would have an option for those with limited food options. we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots. they did not deliver our pizza for more than 30 minutes. we asked for extra sauce but they did not bring it. our manager raved about the food, so we decided to give it another chance. we ordered the pizza in 3rds so we could have worn them for breakfast. the manager said they would make the pizza right. so far the pizza has not changed our minds and we continue to order the same foods from here. we will not be ordering from this location again."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on "
482,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. this was my 2nd visit to this location, the first after they just opened.  i was excited to try a new pizza since i've always wanted to try authentic pizza.  the store is clean and the service is friendly.  if you want a more authentic feel then go to lango's!  if you want a more authentic taste then leave lango's!  if you want a higher end pizza then go to cicis i dare you!  if you want a lower end pizza then leave the area and go to another store that makes pizza!  if you want a lower end pizza then leave the area and go to the local pizza hut!  if you want a lower end pizza then go to the "
483,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars all the time. my order got here earlier than expected but the pizza still not arrived until 19 hours after i called. we are now $14 short. google refused to honor the 2 hour delivery guarantee.  if you want a better pizza don't waste your time here.  you'll regret it."" ""fix your store, it is so poorly run that i cannot even go there. there are never any pizza's delivered unless someone orders one of those massive thin crust pizzas that are sold at big rock and dominates every other store. the managers are lawyers, they defend their companies that sell pizza by saying it is a form of labor violation. well, why shouldn't a form of labor violation be enforced? shouldn't a store that sk "
484,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. not impressed with this place at all. undercooked pizza sparse toppings and the rudest employee ever. what a disappointment!"" ""pizza came out cold. most likely due to an ice storm.   we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza.   we received: large pizza, """"small"""" sauce.   why did you choose this method?  it didn't seem very natural, and the sauce didn't seem to match the flavor of the pizza.  it's kind of a shame that there aren't more pizza places in town to choose from, because this was the only place i could pick up a pizza and not have it be too big for my stomach.  i also didn "
485,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars simply because i can't tell you what gus' pizza tastes like because they won't even let me try it.  it's been an hour and 20 minutes for a pizza that literally weighed 1 gram less than what i ordered...and yes that was a little crazy since the entire thing was bread sticks and apparently there's some sort of secret sauce that they're throwing at me to try and make it more like a pizza..?   i'm just trying to figure out what to do now that the clock is ticking down on my order.  do i call and complain about how crazy this place is?  do i have to leave?  oh yeah, and please don't tell them what i'm thinking.  it would be "
486,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars it would. but we are 5 miles down rocco from the place so it's not as bad as it seems.   first of all i want to thank you for the great pizza last night and good luck!"" ""i love the pizza, but i've had just 1 good experience here when the weather was gorgeous in the evening on the patio. the first time patio experience was bad because fruit flys (i think) were pretty bad. i had a fine in experience 2 weeks ago. it was cold so i didn't bother to write a review. today, however, i was up early and decided to give it another go.  first of all i had a hard time deciding which place i wanted to go. "
487,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars it would.  few hot and ready pizzas failed this test so i am sure many other pizza fans would give them 1 star.  one of the pizzas i ordered was a pizza called """"macaroni and cheese pizza"""" which surely has a good flavor but the dough is just bland. you can easily tell when you open the box because the aroma is of freshly baked macaroni and cheese, not the most inviting aroma.  the meatballs were really good, i still have mixed feelings about them, because most places that sell meatballs give me some sort of meat substitute, and not just water chestnut or something. at least you get a choice of meat, not just one type. this place didn't offer "
488,2,Negative, If I could give 0 stars this wouldn't be an issue. everything from the delivery to the kids pizza was so delicious. thank so much to the anonymous donor that sent me my food today for my lunch rush of 40 minutes. it was so very much better when i received my food. i now have $40 in my account. how dumb can you be to send me $40 extra for a lunch you made up? i hope you get 10 more minutes to waste. before i go i want to ask for a $3.00 tip too. something something with cream. something with chocolate. something with peanut butter. something with rice. something with corn. something with something else. i would like to say this was a fluke but it wasn't. it was nothing 
489,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. the pizza was burnt. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because the pizza sauce was starting to dry out. this means the pizza sauce was probably around for longer than we thought. maybe 45 mins. we will never go back. ""honestly? it tasted weird. i was visiting extended family and we bought two pizzas--1/2 veggie/meat and one cheese. the sauce was a bit salty and bland--ok fair. the pizza was good (if a bit salty and bland), but the sauce - cheese or not - was the most important part. the more acidic the pizza sauce, the more tomato flavor there was. the more acidic the pizza, the more tomato flavor there was. the more "
490,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would.  a) the pizza was bland -- very little pork belly, and very little cheese. yes, very little to go by. b) the service was slow and inattentive.  did not get a chance to take my order until we were handed our food, at which time i was told our food came in 2 pieces -- one for me and one for him. i waited over 10 minutes before realizing what happened and he just gave me attitude and said, """"it's what they said."""" i was left feeling embarrassed and wanted to leave.  i will never go back. ordered 2 minds you -- one for me and one for him.   they say they don't currently offer delivery for lun "
491,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. 1 star because i can't tell you if the pizza is any good because every time i call they put me on hold.  first time 10min so figured they forgot i was on hold. so hung up &  called back when they asked if they could put me on hold i said fine & they put me on hold anyway. ""if you want a really good pizza delivered ice cold you better believe this place it's got it all wrong.  please know you are wasting your money.  i came here with a friend on a business trip.  i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through my pager call.  i was told that i could bring my own pager or they would give "
492,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. i was so excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house. everything that went into preparing our pizza was so good. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted it. the pizza sauce was so good as well. we ended up just eating the whole pizza. we could have saved a little money that night if we ordered online. the restaurant was clean and the pizza was hot when it arrived. everything we ordered was provided. i found it amazing that no one wasted any food whatsoever. i was disappointed but i also didn't find the place very nice.   bottom line, our pizza was delicious but the people were extremely rude. they didn't offer much in the "
493,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. not satisfied for the life of me. not this time. i waited over 10 minutes for a pizza that they never delivered and when they finally came back i found out that my pizza wasn't even correct. i'm not even kidding. check this out: ""the pizza tonight was unbelievably bland. tasted like a highly processed version of whatever sandwich you're lucky enough to get every day. i'm not kidding. you think it was good? think again. you're going to regret it. $32 in two pizzas and two wings tonight is a great value. i order them in the morning, walk in to the restaurant at noon, and just about every other table was occupied. no one spoke up to let me know that "
494,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place would have an unlimited number of them. we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots. they brought out everything and forgot the wings! within 2 minutes of our order being placed we were told that we would need to be there an additional time. we were told that it was a mistake. we waited over 10 minutes while they were working behind the counter while a non stop of carry outs and delivery were being paraded out the door. finally someone in the store that knew our order was there and acted quickly. they told us that our pizza was lost and they wouldn't be replacing it cuz it was never our fault the pizza was lost. daughter would have felt safer at home had she known our mistake. wouldn't have ordered "
495,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars. ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and received dry, cloying cheese. no flavor, zero protein, and 110 calories. no bruschetta, and zero eggplant parmesan. no parmesan at all. my pizza should have read as follows on the menu: """"more like a pesto pizza. thicker crust, smaller size. recycle after you eat it"""" which is what i did. and it was rotten. so, basically, it was yogurt with eggplant. i'm not even kidding. yogurt with a pesto sauce is what i came up with. nobody makes yogurt with only one ingredient. i would pass on this one."" "" "
496,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. the pizza was not that great. i wish i could have gotten a better first impression. the sauce - homemade i was told. the cheese - parmesan. the crust - flaky. i was hugely disappointed.  it so happens that i like thin crust pizza.  but this was not the slice for me. i could not have picked it up had i wanted it.  it was just not very good.    bottom line - if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 minutes of patiently "
497,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. very disappointed. will never go back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was fast, no problem. i took a cab home from work around 10:30 on a tuesday. driver told me that the order was still in the car when i drove by and it would be there by 11. i waited an hour and a half before realizing it was never coming. my credit card was charged. i called and the guy came over and asked how my $1624 was. i told her that i didn't want anything. he then comes back over and tells me that everything was just a mistake. i asked her why she would make a mistake like that. she goes on to tell "
498,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars this place just one star. we ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and my total was $20! ridiculous. no one that was making the pizza mentioned that each topping was extra. i started off with a $7.99 pizza! how in the world did those little toppings add $12.00! workers are all incompetent. i was shocked when i received my total. i told the cashier that all the other take-out joints in the building didn't charge extra for toppings. the cashier's response was uhhhhh i just moved here from out of state. he looked like a deer in the headlights. i told him i'm never coming back. "
499,2,Negative," If I could give 0 stars i would. very disappointed. something has changed for the worse here. we are one and done. we won't be going back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was great, great pizza, bad service. that will carry over. today my son forgot his order at work and left right at that. when he came back he forgot his purse as well. he later told me that he just wanted to walk to the car to pick it up so he didn't forget to take it with him. i told him fine, and gave him my tracking number so that he could pick it up when he got back. great customer service! i will never go back. not one person helped me as i "
500,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. we ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged us full price, and refused to credit the value of the sticks we mistakenly thought was $7.50. they did not even apologize and said, """"it's our fault for not having received the pizzas earlier."""""" great customer service. we will never eat here again. $31 plus tip for a 10 minute wait? wow. ridiculous. we will never eat at this place again. $31 plus tip for a 10 minute wait? wow. ridiculous. ""after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my parents i now understand the appeal of being a server.  it is so much fun to watch the faces on the servers as they work their "
501,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. it tasted like mold...terrible awful food!!!!!!!!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes for "
502,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. I've never seen pizza this disgusting taste to much goes into one bite. the cheese and sauce have all bleed into each other. very offensive. and the crust isn't very good. i don't know how they stay in business. the manager thinks they're cool with it. he'll give them a pass. ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i took advantage of some website coupon deal to get a large pepperoni pizza for around $10 (dine in only).    while the pizza was worth $10, i would've felt a little ripped off had i paid the normal price (closer to $18 i believe).   the pizza was "
503,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting ... i've never been here before or there that i was turned off by a pizza so much in one sitting. not one person was around to help us. we were told that our reservation was for 'monday' and we would get our food by 'tuesday.' if we wanted pizza delivered by 'tuesday,' we were more than welcome to eat it ourselves. we were not told that our food would be delivered until we left the premises. this is very disapointing for families with young children. having to wait for a delivery from a company that did not even know we were there, and not telling us anything about our food even being there. the food was good but the experience was very disappointing. we left the premises very "
504,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's also very much like """"michaelina"""" type food.    bottom line, if you can't handle pizza you don't make, you shouldn't be eating it.  if you insist on eating it, just remember that 90% of all pizza eaten in the US is made in chicago.  if you crave it, just go somewhere else."" ""the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizzas we ordered were not ready. we asked for a full refund and she did not.  good service and decent pizza. if you're looking for a good chicago restaurant to eat, look elsewhere."" ""chicago's best pizza - the one "
505,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. gross, inefficient, and not well done. the pepperoni is a thin crust, meaning the filling is cut into small pieces and baked. the pizza itself is not very good, with a grainy dry texture and flavor. they don't even bother with pre-shaving their pizzas, which is very odd, as it saves a lot of money. they really need to work on the aesthetics. for the life of me, I can't understand why people can't handle a thin crust pizza. the pizzas look amazing when eaten whole, but when i eat them half my face is covered in sauce. really? the entire thing is sauce? yes. i'm not a food critic, but i would eat at greasy spoon if "
506,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's filled with a ton of grease, garlic powder, and salt.  it's also very greasy.  you'd think that a place called 'the forest' would have an answer for these types of problems... right? right?  nope."" ""dark chocolate chip cookie with licorice flavor.  these cookies are pretty bad.  the dark chocolate chip cookie has a very similar flavor to the peanut butter cookie.  the licorice flavor is what initially got me thinking these cookies were not good.  i have never written a bad review about a restaurant. nothing has ever panned out as planned.  however, this restaurant has gone the extra mile and refused to have their food delivered.  this "
507,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's highly offensive and demeaning to women and kids of color.  it's also incredibly tasteless.  gross is the only word i can think of to describe this pizza.  i'm not kidding.  so gross that i couldn't even eat it.  my kids might have gotten a kick out of it.  they must have thought i was gross because they wouldn't have eaten there had i told them that.  they wouldn't have eaten at that restaurant either.  it's just not worth the trip to phoenix and gas for.  if you want to go to that restaurant just remember one thing--don't go to that restaurant.  it's not worth the trip and the food."" "
508,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. I have never eaten anything so awful like this in my life. i am Asian and Hispanic. i am also 5'11"" and 155 lbs. i can definitely tell you that the pizza is going to be hit or miss whether or not it's good or not. if it's not good, i may as well be a corpse. if it's good, i won't be going back. if it's not good, i won't be paying $7 for a 5-hour wait for a 6-hour wait pizza.  please do yourself a huge favor and just get a 4-way pizza. you will be more than happy. xoxo, yoxo, and all the other wonderful things you said about your "
509,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. Plain old pizza. We ordered a salad, which came with fries. I told the waitress we didn't want fries, she proceeded to take one for me. when i asked her why she took the salad so long to come, she said she was too busy. to be fair she didn't get to keep it, and when i asked her why she didn't just come back and give me my fries, she froze them for a second time. we had to ask for them to be taken off the salad. to our great disappointment this was only after we asked for them to be taken off the drenching of sauce that was dripping off of them. we didn't get to see the funny side of it, only to be told that "
510,2,Negative, Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  will never eat here again.  the wait was ridiculous even for being sat at a table.  the insane prices were also a mistake.  a 12-inch pizza at $4.99 is a lot of money.  i would rather spend $4.00 on a frozen pizza instead of paying $4.99 for a taken away one.  ok fair.  so what did i get? a bag of wet rice with hardly any chicken (probably from a grocery list) and around 20 cents in it.    before i knew it my order was here.  i had already ordered a salad and a pizza.  i was on my way.  i called to check my order and they told me it 
511,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. i'm not a pizza guy, but i can tell you that the pizza is going to be there for a while. maybe a week? i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a disgusting pizza is totally unacceptable. i've been to other locations, and this has never been a problem. ""after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my parents i now know i should have kept waiting.   i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.  luckily a while later we heard some one else pre ordering so we did it too being told to pre order our deep dishes only.   45 minutes "
512,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got no garlic crust, no parmesan, and no garlic butter.  it's got a lot of garlic on it, but not much else.  it's got a wild mushroom crust, but not a very good one.  the sauce has a spicy kick to it, but nothing to it.  the cheese is coarse, flat, and yellowish-green.  it has a decent amount of calcium in it, but not nearly the amount needed to be a good pizza.  the sauce has a spicy kick to it, but nothing to it.  the crust is ok, but the quality is sub par.  if you want a sub par pizza, this is your place.  if you want a "
513,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. sliced pepperoni is fine. fried pepperoni is okay. so yuck. just sayin'. the pizza was cold and kids were starving. not classy. hardly a classy gesture. the kid who was starving got up and left the restaurant, never to return. patron bartender was a drunk, not a stripper. did not deserve my business. offered a meal on my own volition given the situation. no choice. i walked in to the restaurant and was immediately greeted by a drunk male bartender. asked who was working and was told i was working for just a few more minutes. asked if i could get a free drink and was told i could not get a free drink. did not get a free drink. i continued working my way "
514,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. a friend told me the dish was from across the pond, i replied with """"they got lazy and didn't want to pay for my food."""" she got very offended and said it was a mistake. i explained the mistake to her and she got very rude and offered nothing. i'll drive my lazy self to another pizza. cost $10 more but i got the feeling the pizza was prepared in a way to please the most obnoxious customer i have ever encountered. won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a tasty product. the garlic knots were delicious. the sauce was a bit salty and bland--not horrible, just bland. the corn dogs "
515,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. pepperoni slices are cooked as 1 large piece and held together with aluminum foil. when i say this stuff is disgusting i mean it is. i haven't found a pizza that tastes this bad i haven't found a pizza that tastes this bad since the days when they made kalamata pizza. this place has really gone down the tubes. racking my brain to no avail. i will never go back. $31 i paid for 2 slices of pepperoni pizza and a drink. not a bad price for a crappy pizza. bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer delivery then don't offer it. the food is good but the experience is awful. stop telling people you deliver if you really don't (i could pull "
516,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it tastes like mold...terrible terrible food!!!!!! gross! ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i was disappointed - the place was empty, and the decor was bare.  i was hoping that the food would be good, but i'm honestly disappointed.  the meatball """"panini"""" was really good, but the sauce was too runny to be effective.  my husband tried a pasta dish which was almost entirely tomato sauce.  he said that the pasta was good, but the taste was ruined because the sauce was also "
517,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  the toppings are decent but the dough tastes like it was made yesterday.   i don't know why this restaurant is getting 10/day reviews.  it's just not right.  please take my word for it that the food is good and the service decent.  if you want a 5/day park with lots of character just drive to romano's and get a life."" ""no place settings - had to steal from empty table.  dough wasn't cooked all the way, cold and doughy in spots with hot toppings? frozen pizza kinda quality. salads were drenched in dressing to the point of soggy lettuce."" ""bad experienced everrrr!!! never in my life have complained to "
518,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's cheap,  tastes like condiments, and when you peel off the crust you're left with a wet, gritty mess.  i haven't found a pizza that does such a mess i feel the need to write one until now."" ""im really digging this place, its a real treat for the outdoor child to sit in the sun and eat pizza.  the staff are super nice and the pizza is legit good.  the only thing i'm bummed about is the pizza sauce - it must  have been pretty shitty to cook it.  while the pizza sauce is terrible, the taste is just bland.  you can tell the poor people working there are desperate to please their customers.  the lack of flavor extends "
519,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. there is no flavor to it. it tastes like mold. the crust is bland and hard. the cheese is fine but the ... sauce? ugh, the cheese was so bland it was probably salt-tolerant. i don't know. but either way - it's not good. i don't give it more than two stars. ""my daughter ordered a large pepperoni pizza for my birthday. i placed this order at 12:35 pm. the pizza arrived by 1:15 pm. almost 40 hours later, at 2:35 pm, my daughter placed another large pizza order at my door. i called to check my order at 2:45 pm. the manager stated that the pizzas were in my account by 2 "
520,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. disgusting crust. disgusting toppings. and for $6 i would have given more than a passing glance at the food. skimpy crust, no cheese, and basically forgettable. cheese pizza is just a greasy dish. pasta is cooked so thinned-out that it's almost squash-ish in texture. tiramisu is basically a soup with a light drizzle of lemon juice. the best part? The lemon juice is from the sea. so you can see my disdain for this food here. it's much better in new york. crawfish is just a greasy dish. lobster tails are basically a soup with a light dollop of parmesan on top. soup is pretty short on points because it's just a "
521,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it was especially gross when my friend who just scraped by was wrenched away from me by a drunk, extremely aggressive man who I now know was high.  my friend is recovering well, but i still have severe stomach cramps.  i guess it's safe to say that both the pizza and the man were not up to par with what you would expect to find on a pizza delivered thru corsa.  i will never go back. so, what do you guys think?  do you think corsa's pizza is any good?  do you think the young women who work there are getting any better?  if you think so, then i would like to hear from you.  if you think they "
522,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. you won't go back. ""no place does pizza like this. we've ordered it a few times, and it's always come with fries. not this time.  i ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this place is new and i'm unsure of the food.  i'll give it one star because i'm unsure of the food yet, and zero stars because i'm yet to find a place in the vegas area that does pizza like this. we've ordered it here several times, and it's always come with fries. not this time.  i ordered a small pizza with extra sauce.  and it was a small pizza. not even a fraction of the pizza i ate was left. we had to dig "
523,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. Plain old dirty food. We have thrown up our hands and will not eat here any more. brampton's best pizza(s)..mackay and gusto's."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  bottom line, our pizza was over-cooked. we could tell when we opened the box.  the crust was dark brown, as was the cheese.  on one pizza the bottom of the crust was burned black and we could not eat it. the other was not as burned, but was so "
524,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. Plain old pizza. I've never seen anything like this anywhere. I've even asked to not eat there. they have not responded to my emails or offered to take some of the blame. the pizza is also very greasy and the crust is light and fluffy. not a good look. google maps!!!!"" ""do not eat here!!! i purchased a groupon deal for family meal: large cheese pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda. worst pizza ever!!we ordered over the phone and picked up the order.it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen.the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part "
525,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got no flavor, no good meat, and no cheese.  it's got me off twice already.  this place is a joke.   really?  so is this the new normal?    finally, someone tell my sister i'm  going to have to look at my  plates full.  she's 5'3"" and 130 pounds and a woman of few words can't even type properly... how dumb i am.   please do yourself a huge favor:  before you order any food, take a deep breath and count to ten.  that will knock ten off your plate.  then ask yourself:  how full was my plate?  if i was to order "
526,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. plain soda with bland pizza topping. tasted like mold eating my leftovers. would never eat here again. no one that worked there would care enough to make it right. and trust me it sucks. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?  very disappointed and won't be returning."" ""pizza came out cold. we ordered a pepperoni and a chicken. the pizza was kinda like a cooked potato. it had a good flavor but nothing special.  we ordered to go and when we got their at 8 pm, we noticed their menu said they close at 10 pm. so we decided to get creative and ordered a pizza night before our 10 "
527,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got mold, spiderwebs, and everything in between.  it's got me off twice already.  the second time i ordered, i was extremely disappointed.  there was a long, blonde hair in it.  when i looked at my wristwatch, it said it took 45 minutes to deliver my pizza.  really?  what a disappointment.  after two more disappointments, i finally said fuck it and ordered a take-out.  oh, and incidentally, they only got 45 minutes to deliver my pizza.  that's it.    i regret my decision to order a pizza from this location.  it has me feeling as though i'm getting a discount because of it.  however "
528,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. seriously.  it's almost as if the police were dressing up like ppl from across the street to serve us.  we were shocked when we got home to eat our pizza it barely had any cheese.  maybe 20 minutes after i posted my comment about the pizza here on the board, a friend messaged me to let me know that she too experienced some type of pizza shortage. i replied back saying that all the other clubs in town already had some type of pizza so why should i have to cook it myself? she then messaged me saying that the shortage was on the house and asked if i could bring it in for pick up. i said fine and hung up expecting my order in under 5 minutes as i had promised. well "
529,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. they've added sausage to the mix which is one topping short of amazing. there is no taste to this pizza other than salt and sugar. maybe i'm a stickler but i prefer plain cheese to flavored with any kind of sauce. the pizza is so bland it makes me want to spit it up. the sausage is also tasteless. you'd think a place called """"sausage"""" could rectify these problems but you'd be disappointed. classic pizza. i've given up on finding good pizza in phoenix."" ""wp phoenix is a great place to eat and work. , i actually enjoyed my meal here. , the decor is very casual but the food is excellent. , their pizza is worth the walk "
530,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. Period.  They don't wash their hands after each serving, there is a 12 hour rule and they don't have a sign saying that.  if that was the only time this sort of thing happened i would give them a pass, but they are always dressed impeccably and the restaurant is always well maintained.  I honestly do not see how this place stays open based on my experience.  there is just so much better italian restaurant in miami that i can get.  anyways, enough of my negative review.  here is how the pizzas should be made: with extra fat on top. with extra crustaceans on it. with no garlic. with some sort of a sauce. and probably with some "
531,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. the toppings are random and the dough is bland. the sauce is thin-sauce-and-garlic-heavy, and the whole thing is delicious. but, the sauce is also the best part of the whole thing-- after about a minute or two, when i was waiting for a pizza, the entire thing was sauceless. not a happy customer. i'm also pretty sure that when the managers saw what happened, they probably thought i was nuts. they might have thought i was exaggerating the problem to get a better product. maybe they thought i was exaggerating and taking advantage of a bad order. i don't know. but, when i ate the whole thing, i was left with a sour taste in my "
532,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting, even by pizza standards. I haven't been to a pizza place where my experience was this bad.   bottom line, if you can't handle two slices of pizza, you aren't a pizza person.   if you think this is good pizza, you need to get out more."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a single good slice of pizza. we got rice and beans, and i got rice and a small bean curd. the sauce that came with the rice and beans was very pleasant, but the taste was so bland that i couldn't even have the second slice. my husband got a cortado which was a corn dog with green chiles on a "
533,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  while the toppings are very good, pizza is the only part i really enjoy.  the sauce that comes with the pizza is amazing.  it's like the restaurant uses old pizza sauce to coat the pizza.  it's so thick that it forms a puddle when you shake it out.  it's horrible.  the cheese is thin, fibrous, and very good.  the sauce that comes with the crust is salty and bland.  it doesn't have a flavor to it.  it just tastes like water with no flavor.  there's nothing salty about this.  it would be better if the restaurant used saltier ingredients.  like the basil pesto.  the basil pesto tastes like it came "
534,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got no flavor, no good meat, and no good cheese.  it's got me off twice already.  for $4.50 per pop, i'd pay $7.50 for a quality product.  if i wanted a 'real' pizza, i'd pay $10 for a 'real' product.  if i didn't have to, i'd pay the fee and send the pizza to be made.  sure, it's a 'gift' from grandma, but what a disappointment!  when i want a 'real' product, i want it now.  if i want a 'real' product, i want it now.  if i want a 'real' product over here, "
535,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got mold growing on it, and no flavor to it.  it's also a little pricey ($13+) for a very small portion of what you'll get in a much smaller pizza (8-10 oz).  (this review is based on a 0.39 fls pizza, which is about as small as a 10 cent piece of pizza can be without adding bulk.)  the pizza was totally unappetizing.  my husband, myself and my daughter could not eat it.  we even thew out our food... they must have wanted us to throw it away because we did not want to waste any more of their delicious pizza.  they did not even bother to make the pizza right... "
536,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting and should not be served to anyone. save your money, time and effort for a better product. you will not be sorry."" ""this place has great pizza but my experience with their pizza delivery service over the past few years has been awful. they either take over an hour to get your order, or they won't deliver your pizza at all. on one occasion, our pizza was actually left out for more than an hour while they were on the phone handling another customer. we will never go back.  because I work from home, and need to be there very soon, it's pretty unreliable.   not saying this place doesn't deliver fast but they need to work on their pizza delivery. everything they did right, they "
537,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got a bad rap, but the actual pizza tastes good.   it's worth the walk to the john, but not worth the price.  the pizza at the time was pretty good too, so it's fair to say the pizza at that location was better than this one.    bottom line, if you can't stomach a piece of pizza that even Johnnie Walker couldn't possibly prepare, then this isn't the right place for you.  if you insist on eating here, just know what you're getting into... and if you want something a little sweeter, just order the chocolate chip cookie."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a single "
538,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it was very flavorful, but the dough tasted like frozen pulled pork.  I don't know why thin crust pizza can be this disgusting.  it really hurts my stomach to eat it.  I hope pizza caves don't mind my pizzaz because otherwise I will be back for more!!!"" ""waiter was super nice but the pizza was pretty meh. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because the store carries it... no mention of the cheese or sauce - just something to put us off the deep dish. pizza was pretty bland - probably a result of high heat. pepperoni rolls were really good, I had a deep dish pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms and pepperoni rolls. they were good. I don't "
539,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. toppings are pretty limited, crisp, dry pizza like they're made in a factory somewhere. cheese is pretty poor, taste like peanut butter.  sausage is okay, not terrible, just bland. pepperoni is just a big bag of dried stuff that every time i walk in the door smelled like burning leaves. pizza was fresh and tasty but the service was sub par. they took 30 minutes to get a table, bring us out our pizza, and then a half hour to get our food. we didn't get a table until much later than we were invited, which was a shame. we got a soggy, undercooked pizza.  still charged us full price, whopping 4 bucks for a very small amount of food.  "
540,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this place is in the area and decided on one slice. the entire pizza was either deep dish, tomato sauce, or cheese. the tomato sauce was just ok, nothing to write home about. the tomato soup was good though. the crust was blahh, ill be back, dollar slice isn't nearly enough to properly drench myself in this vile substance. if you decide on one slice... get a real pizza, not this fake crap. you will notice a difference, c'mon man, get a piece of pizza, a jar of parmesan, and a packet of ranch and you are good to go. maybe i am just comparing this place to a crappy motel because a lot of "
541,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it was extremely disappointing.  the toppings are not very good.     very dissatisfied overall.   would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""more like 2.5 stars. i am giving two so the owners will have more incentive to make the necessary tweaks.  i really wanted to like strada 241. it is a beautiful space and the service is friendly, but the food was lackluster. we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza (i had the 'nduja). the salumi plate was nice but the pizzas were sub-par. the cheese was bland and the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the pizzas i ate. so "
542,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. The pepperoni is 1/4 pepperoni and 1/2 red onion. the dough isn't cooked all the way, only 1/4 of the dough is pepperoni. looks beautiful when eaten but once bitten is forgotten. the sauce that came with the pepperoni was amazing. normally i like my sauce. not this time.     i will never go back. this place sucks."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was fast and second that the food was good. we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots... they brought out everything and forgot the wings!!! we asked for 2 types of wings and they only gave us wing ""A"" and didn't even "
543,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  the pepperoni is topped with a million tiny pink hearts and stuffed to the gills with garlic butter.  the sauce is runny and bland, with very little tomato sauce.  the bread is salty and not tasty.  the meatball is not very good.  the veal parmigiana was not at all what i expected.  the sauce that came with it was tomato sauce plus some sort of garlic cream.  the topping was a bit of a bright orange/red sauce with maybe a pinch of lemon.    threw it all in the trash  after this meal, i also threw my streets of new york takeout menu in the trash"" one of the worst pizzas i "
544,2,Negative, Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. the crust is hard as a rock and the cheese is missing. the tomato sauce - homemade I was told - tastes like stuff from a box. i was hugely disappointed and feel that my purchase was a mistake. i was hoping to get a little taste of home made but unfortunately the pizza was just as bad as the anonymous caller claims. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because the pizza sauce was pretty good. we ended up with a bagel which we both found ok. i did like the pepperoni roll that came with the salad. it was very good. the salad was a little spicier than i would have liked and had a lot of pesto. it was also a little salty and not very good. my husband somehow 
545,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  the toppings are not even close.  my """"short rib"""" dish was a large beef rib, and not a true short rib.  my """"short rib"""" dish was a large beef rib, and not a true short rib.    my """"short rib"""" dish was a large beef rib, and not a true short rib.    this is pretty bad pizza.  it barely fed two of us.  it was just ketchup with mayo.  we did not even get the short rib until we were home to eat it.  we had to sit outside and they were serving us at a table that was made for one person, not four.  they did not even wash our hands "
546,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's overpriced.  the toppings are decent but the dough tastes like it was made in a factory.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this Christmas you'll have to find a new market.  i suggest trying one of the many other nearby cities."" ""this was our 2nd visit to this location, the first after they just opened.   we came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. my wife and i decided to get the stuffed deep dish pizza, we always enjoy their thin crust so we thought this should be good. as we were ordering the waitress told us the deep "
547,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting, the sauce is too sweet and the crust is TONSIONAL. the thin crust rocks and the """"short crust"""" pizza is tasty but short ribs are delicious. ""short ribs are delicious,if you're looking for a cheap alternative to fancy dress, then this is the restaurant. if you're looking for a full meal, try the poke @ home with rice. if you want a more authentic taste,try the poke @ home with pork belly. if you want a meat pie,try the wood-fired pork belly. if you want a light lunch,try the poke @ home with spinach. if you want a full meal and a glass of wine,try the poke @ home with pinot noir. if you want a "
548,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's super salty and super cheesy -- kinda like a made fresh  pizza -- but we're willing to wait just to eat it.  the tomato sauce - homemade I believe - tastes like the sauce out of a jar.  it's so pass off as pizza sauce.  while there's no denying the taste is good, it's the crust that I find inedible.  the tomato sauce - homemade I believe - is made up of thinly sliced tomato slices, dried basil, and garlic powder.  while there's no denying the taste is good, it doesn't have a place in a pizza - certainly not like the good stuff.  the crust is good, but the taste is so much better if you can eat the "
549,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting,"" wrote one commenter. ""got a creepy email today from jimmyjamesemiller@hotmail.com.  it said: Dear customer,   we received your order at about 7:00 pm on a tuesday.  it arrived by 9 pm.  but, as you can imagine, the pizza wasn't very good.  it's very possible that the food was frozen.  but, based on the creepy email, i'm convinced that the pizza is probably sub-par.  i'll pay the $3 fee for a better pizza.  God Bless, Johnny!"" ""honestly? it tasted weird. i was visiting extended family and we bought two pizzas--1 "
550,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's misleading to think that the pepperoni is the only thing on the pizza.  you're also missing out on the deliciousness of the sauce that's been simmering for hours now.  it's so bland.  i don't eat a lot of sauce, especially not red sauce.  the sauce that comes together into a crust.  as for the crust, it's got a grainy dry texture with lots of texture to it.  while the crust looks good on the strip, it's not very good at all when eaten as a whole.  i could eat the whole thing raw.  sure.  but, why would anyone even want to try that?  the whole thing is so bland that i feel "
551,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. the toppings are limited and the dough tastes like it could be made in 10 min.  the two liars are also completely unprofessional. they asked us to sign a non-disclosure form (NDA) before we even received our food. we read the NDA, filled it in, and drove off. the liars signed it anyway. paid the $5 tip and hung up. i will never go back."" ""the positives: staff was friendly and the beer was cold. that's it.   two kids spaghetti and meatballs was disappointing. noodles were cooked fine, the meatballs were small and bland, and the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the noodles let alone "
552,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting, i never go back  this place is terrible. i've been to other places in the vegas area and this has been one of the worst experiences. they either get it wrong or cater to a specific group of customers. this is becoming more and more apparent every time i visit. we once had a customer come in and we quickly realized he did not care about the pizza we just received. he asked what we were going to do with the leftovers. we told him we were going to put them in the freezer and eat them hot. he did not want them, he wanted a piece of pizza casserole. when we told him we had no clue what we were going to do with them. he just gave us a s "
553,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  People work really, really hard to make my day.  it's hard enough to get home after a long day at work when i'm eating my pizza, while driving my car to pick it up, and not have it burn through my pizza what a strange feeling that is.  i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza is totally unacceptable.  i also spent $17.50 for a cold pizza and cold soup.  the soup was good but the pizza was cold.  still charged me $17.50 for a cold pizza and $11.50 for the 2-ingredient soup.    the manager stated that the cold pizza was a mistake.  i "
554,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. yes please do not eat here. i grew up with meatballs and pizza. i still can't believe someone could put this here. in the kitchen. on the menu. and just eat. someone has to keep this place open.   please help."" ""so we recently moved to brookline and this place is just up the road. having a great pizza shop within walking distance is a great thing, unfortunately it is not this place... after two orders of undercooked pizza we tried a final time tonight and specifically asked for the pizza """"well done"""" hoping that way it would come out cooked correctly. sadly this was the most undercooked yet and since neither of us enjoy raw dough we won't be back..""  "
555,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. Pepperoni is a cheese with seeds and then some sort of sauce. i've never seen a pizza called pepperoni so many different names. and every time i call and order they call back to order another pizza. i have yet to see a pizza called """"lightning"""" once. not even a hint of pizza, just something to tide me over til help arrives. to be fair their pizza was so greasy that when i opened it it would still be butterbeer to this day. maybe it was because it was so hot, but the cheese was just not very good. i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza is totally unacceptable. we ordered a steak instead of a pizza, and that was just "
556,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got mold and insect crap all over it.  it's got mold and black mold.  it's got mold and rotten tomatoes.  it's got mold and old socks.  it's got mold and dog shit.  it's got mold and cockroaches.  it's got mold and raw onions.  it's got mold and yes, ya, my bad.    my mom ordered the pepperoni and sausage and sausage and peppers.  she got a petite pizza.  it was about 1.5 pounds.  it was mostly pepperoni and sausage.  it was very nice inside.  the only thing i was out off by was that i'm not quite sure what kind of "
557,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. Don't waste your money eating here. I grew up with pizza like that Mom used to make. It was the first time i went to a pizza party in my neighborhood and i became enthralled. i still can't wrap my head around how anyone could think this was a good pizza. we've tried to eat it twice now, both times it was just a greasefest. i first went a few years ago, my friends and i alike enjoyed the food, this time i ordered the macedonian  pasta with a starter green salad.   the salad was unique, as far as i'm concerned it was the only time someone has ever replaced the sunflower with a gallon of blood. the pasta was good, but i "
558,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. you will notice that i never get tired of it. every time i walk in and out of the restaurant, i get a little cranky.   bottom line, if you can't handle pizza pizza, don't eat it. ew.  if you want a more traditional pizza, go to the market. you will thank me later."" ""market is a great place to get a traditional pizza. but if you're looking for a buzz kill, then no dice. the pizza here is to die for.   our waitress probably spent two minutes total the entire meal at our table. no refilled waters, no how is everything. she was just rushing around everyone else's table except ours.    "
559,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got no flavor, no good stuff in it, and no nice topping.  it's basically a puddle of garlic sauce with thinly sliced jicama on top.  it's got me ill with food poisoning from the second it came out of the oven.  my husband somehow ate it anyway.  he did not want to give up his order, but said he would give it another try.  we ordered one large pepperoni and one medium.  when we called to order the large, they asked if we could have 1 extra slice (which we said yes).  when we told them it wasnt enough to cover the entire pizza, they at least gave us a piece of advice on how to slice it better "
560,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. the dough is bland, the sauce is bland and the meat is either thinly sliced whole wheat or has no meat at all. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar. i'm not even kidding. you think i'm kidding? of course i am. that's how disgusting pizza is. the crust is blahh. i don't know. but either way - after 30 minutes, everyone in the restaurant was sitting around talking. when i asked the guy who made the pizza what happened, he just shrugged his shoulders and said: """"it was delicious."""""" no understanding of what i was getting. he didn't even go to the back to ask how the food was. he just shrugged his shoulders and said: """"it was "
561,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got no flavor, no good garlic crust, and no meat at all.  it's also super salty.  my family always complains about the soup that's on the menu but we never order the pizza.  maybe it's a mistake... a terrible mistake?  a mom and pop shop thinks they're doing something right?    we never complain to the owners or employees about the pizza.  we just want it.  we won't tell our children to eat here anymore.  it's a shame that there's no place in town for pizza that's as gross as this one."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product - quite the "
562,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. I've never been there before or there that i didn't like as much as i do today.  awful.  wow they need to wash their hands..... i hope the chef gets a break because this is a food for 1/4 of all diners.  accept my vote for """"loudness"""" over an excellent pizza.  ppl who refuse to wash their hands are putting my family at risk of food poisoning."" ""do not eat here!!! i purchased a groupon deal for family meal: large cheese pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda. worst pizza ever!!we ordered over the phone and picked up the order.it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. the flavor "
563,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got no flavor, no good crust, and no cheese.  it's basically gross.  my boyfriend and i split the pepperoni, sasuage and mushroom pizza, obviously  'shrooms were picked 'n chosen randomly.  we never got a chance to taste the rest of the pizza until i was home to take it back a few hours later. oh, and one more thing...why did you stop selling 'em as a pizza only Jerrys can offer?  i wouldn't have been mad if i got a raise right there.  it's the first time i've been refused a raise because of 'em.  i hope the employers get it together and treat me fairly.  i'm not a "
564,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. the pepperoni is topped with a tomato sauce and then baked. the crust is hard and chewy and the sauce is bland. the meatballs are very small and bland. they do not even come close to the taste of the pizza that i ate yesterday. i thought i'd give them a try myself.  i ordered to go and when i got their at 8 pm, they asked if i could add an additional 30 minutes to my order. i said fine and hung up expecting my order to be here by 10 pm. waited an hour and a half when no one was there, i called them again and said i wanted a cash tip too. they asked if they could get a $10 credit too. i said fine and hung "
565,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. I don't eat pizza just yet because my kids are sleeping. i have posted a pic of my 2 liter of soda with my  pizza so they won't think i'm a dummy if i tell them what a disgusting pizza it is. the pizza was cold and kids were starving. not calling them again. ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.  delivery guy finally showed up and we had already ordered chinese.  horrible customer service.  if the pizza is over 2 hours late, give it for free.  better yet, never order from a pizza "
566,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got mold growing on it, and no flavor.  it's also a pain in the ass to eat.  the crust is bland, with very little tomato sauce or flavoring.  cheese is low quality, and the crust is soggy.    plus, how can you serve a pizza called a pizza and not have a booth?  i've been to other states and they have their own style of pizza.  where do you get the idea that a pizza with a thousand dried up pepperoni slices is a pizza?  you think a pizza with only three meats is a pizza?  and lastly; with two cheese slices and a meat sauce?  that's really something you'd get from "
567,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's super-sauce filled with a ton of garlic sauce.  it had no flavor, so i couldn't tell you what gus' pizza tastes like because they wanted a $7 service charge (before tip).  classic pizza.  plus, how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?  i'm vegan and we came here just for the pizza. not to pay for parking, walk all the way in and just get turned away. unacceptable.   we asked if they'd have vegan pizza soon and they said """"maybe by dinner time.""""  deserving of zero stars really."" ""update:  i revis "
568,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got no flavor, no good meat, and no cheese.  it's basically a slice of cheese pizza with pepperoni on it.  really?  what is this stuff?  does anyone else find that wrong?  if so, don't waste your time.  you'll find better pizza in the area."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a frozen pizza, which we enjoyed immensely. we also got a sausage, which we cut into small squares and stuck in the freezer for about an hour. finally, we got a pizza that was obviously microwaved (probably around the 4th of month). we were honestly so angry that we "
569,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting,"" tweeted one woman. ""got a nasty shock when i opened my package. seen someone scratching their head. thought they might be ok. no pain, no gain. probably a good 15 minutes of your time was lost because someone else was haggling with their stupid tree. never again,"" tweeted another. ""i'm only giving it 2 stars because i'm from chicago and nothing hot n ready.   i got a really good deal on a really cool pizza.   if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been so popular, it's because they've mastered the art of pizza delivery.   they do not care about the food they're delivering.  they care more about the "
570,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. I've never eaten there.  i think it might be because it's new... everyone seems to be working in their own little world, which is a shame.  but, the food is good, especially the pepperoni.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this Christmas Day, come here."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 minutes of patiently waiting and no comment from server in what we ordered, we asked the manger about our food. he said he was too busy to help us. he said he would be with us in 10-15 minutes. if we didn't want "
571,2,Negative, Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got nothing good to it.  it's got tons of salt and nothing good at all.  it's got a rotten crust and flavor with very little tomato sauce.  it tastes like it could just as easily be made in a food processor as it could be made in a food processor and out popped.  it's also got a very faint tomato sauce that I can't tell the difference from what i'm eating.  the sauce has tomato chunks all over it like i was kicked in the nuts.  it's also got a very faint tangy sauce like the tangiest of tangies.  it doesn't have a lot of tomato flavor but has a lot of tomato sauce that's bland.  the tomato sauce 
572,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. yes please, sports spinach pizza is just as bad. please do not waste your money eating this crap. over all this was probably the tiniest negative experience i have ever had from this place. they did not care about the food they put in there mouth or the food they put out there stomach. they just made it seem as though the food they put in there mouth was better than the food they put out there stomach. i don't know. but either way - i don't give them two second chances. yuck"" ""terrible, terrible, terrible! i've forgiven their rudeness over the phone many times, and they were quick to reimburse me by giving me a free pizza. this time i got a bad "
573,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. we've ordered it several times and both the pepperoni and the broccoli were wilted.  they were both wilted so much that they were not edible. we have not eaten the other topping, only the meat.  i guess it's safe to say both the crust and the taste of the food was from the pizza.  it was very much like a thin crust pizza.  i do not understand how you can put a thin crust pizza together and not have a topping.  great food.  check out the menu for more info on what they are good at.  if you want to overspice things then pass the garlic knots.  otherwise, go to la veranda and get a snack.  they have a menu "
574,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.   more than once during our wait for a pizza a hand drawn heart shaped pizza appeared. we thought it might be from the gas.)   the pizza was so greasy it would not even sit on its own! we ended up just sharing a slice with our friends. hilarious."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas, i tell my wife it's time for pizza now, """"because it's time for me to go to work"""" noooo! not one free pizza, and then a tip too. she still has not gotten her slice. not one dime. not even a $5. i would rather go to work hungry, instead of here. the pizza is not even "
575,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got generic tasting sauce, and no clue what the hell it is they are making.  it doesn't surprise me one bit that this is what everybody else is doing, as i've been ordering from there my whole life.  the pizza is amazing, but the service sucks.  the manager should have known the second i walked in the door that this was a problem and should have known from there.  everyone in the store was working under the table, which is standard operating procedure in my opinion, but the manager didn't take any notes or anything.  the manager certainly didn't deserve a bad review.  everyone who worked here deserved a pass because they are all young and stupid.  everyone who didn't work there "
576,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. i'm not a food critic and i'm not picky by any means, but my fiance ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza. after over 45 minutes of patiently waiting and no comment from server in what we wanted, we asked to be taken off the menu. she then stated that she was too busy to help us. if we didn't want to eat our pizza, we were more than welcome to leave. right after we left, she asked if we could have our picture taken with our pizza still in our mouth. i told her no and she continued to argue with us. finally, after being told that we were not eligible for our pizza until we left the premises, we left cash and chose not to eat our pizza. this in "
577,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. they've lost their marbles. they're just scraping the bottom of the barrel now.  gross. took me about 5 minutes to get an """"oh sorry"""". i then had to call and ask for a full refund.  this was not a mistake.  this was a conscious decision.  i did not get an """"oh sorry"""" because i thought it might be a mistake.  a mistake on my part.  i am so angry right now. they have ruined my day.  they have ruined my life.  please do not support this business.  you will not regret it.  you will regret it.  i have no idea how they stay in business.  there are many other places in town "
578,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's made from whole wheat flour with no flavor.  it's also super salty.  my husband, myself and my daughter can't eat it.  we've all tried to cut back on pizza consumption-even though we're all in the mood for pizza, pizza still tastes like it was made yesterday.  it really irritates me-why can't people just shut up and eat their pizza?  there are many places in town that do pizza right-even if it seems like it's been sitting there a while.  I don't know-but the pizza here just doesn't jive with my lifestyle.  it really does not taste like what u think it does taste like.  i don't know if it "
579,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. Plain old pizza. They don't even bother to put any kind of flavor to the pizza. i've never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say they can't honor the """"2nd"""" pizza because it "
580,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. i never comes here again. i'm staying at The Renaissance, a beautiful old hotel. i am staying at the lovely andaz hotel which is just across the street. i am staying at the wonderful andaz, a beautiful old hotel. i have been here twice now. the first time i came here with my sister for her birthday. i thought i'd get a quick pizza and bring it home. everything i saw when i opened the door was a mess. i don't know how everything was, but it was filthy disgusting. pizza, water, and gas were all over the floor. there was no soap or shampoo on the room. the food was just okay, minus cheese. my sister got her worst ever pizza. she came home "
581,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting!!! the pizza is topped with a tomato sauce and stuffed with french fries. the french fries are fried to a golden brown and filled with fat. the sauce is a wet poison and when i tasted it, i was poisoned as well. the french fries are delicious but the crust is disgusting.. i don't know... but either way, it's gross."" ""more like 2.5 stars. i'm giving two so the owners will have more incentive to make the necessary tweaks.  i really wanted to like strada 241. it's a beautiful space and the service is friendly, but the food was lackluster. we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza. the salumi plate was nice but a little on the small side "
582,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  my kids are screaming because their pizza isn't even hot anymore.  they have to sit outside and they are staying indoors because they thought they'd better get their coats, hats and purses ready because there's a good chance their coat pockets are going to be filthy.  they are also scratching their heads wondering why their pizza isn't even hot anymore.  they told my husband he has to come pick it up.  he of course comes home with the wrong product.  my husband then comes home with a ""soda fountain"" which he absolutely does not deserve.  he of course orders a cappuccino and I have to tell them the coffee was bad.  they offer free shipping but don't tell me the cost "
583,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. i couldn't even have it. they replaced olives with pepperoni. this was super salty and bland tasting. and of course it was greasy. you'd think that a place that caters to vegetarians and vegans would have figured it out already, but no... pretty amazing to sit and eat and then have them tuck away their grease queen sandwiches (my daughter got her pork belly with white sauce). they were both really good. i had high hopes for this place, and i'm glad they didn't go the way of tom yum and ramen, where they were copying the feel of their neighbor to the south, but they didn't live up to the hype. sbarro? yeah i remember that place... "
584,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  the toppings are mediocre.  the dough tastes okay.  the pepperoni is strong enough to support its own weight.  the sauce is basically a sauce of garlic butter and thyme.  it's wonderful on its own, but when eaten together they create a pleasant crust that's easy on the eyes but difficult on the mouth.   the sauce that comes with the pizza is magnificent.  it contains a wonderful balance of sweet and spicy.  it contrasts wonderfully with the crust of the garlic butter.    the meatballs are very good.  they're thin-cut and very tasty.  they're filled with a delicious tomato sauce.  they're slightly chewy but not to the point of being s "
585,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. tasted like mold...terrible food!!!! i don't eat there. ""terrible food!!!! i don't eat there. the food is just ok, nothing to write home about.  they use the same old tired dishes over and over again, pizza, pasta, meatballs, shrimp. and pork belly.  oh and to top it off, the prices are just gouged.  someone has to pay for the food, and they don't want to tip.  i already have a $3,000 tab and a $1,000 credit.  why pay for a 2 bedroom when you can just as easily get a 1/2 bath and dub sink?  why pay for a take and bake when you can "
586,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's gross.  my husband, myself and my daughter can't eat it.  it's gross.  we went through it last night.  we had to sit in the restaurant.  we ordered two pizzas and a salad.  they charged us for the salad which was a salad.  they did not reimburse us.  we will never go back. ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i took advantage of some website coupon deal to get a large pepperoni pizza for around $10 (dine in only).    while the pizza was worth $10, i would've felt a little ripped off had i paid the normal price ( "
587,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it tastes like mold.  the crust is bland, hard and stale.  the air pockets are small and hollow.  the quality of the sauce, cheese and crust is all wrong.  the crust is rich in flavor, yet has a moldy feel to it.  the sauce has a moldy feeling to it because it has no flavor.  it tastes like something out of a jar.  it does not taste right.  it should be a whole new batch of sauce applied.  instead, it is just bland sugar with a grainy white crust.  while there is no such thing as bad sauce, there is such a thing as bad pizza.  mine was both.  it did not even seem to age "
588,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. you will notice an increase in your pocket change as well as the price of your meal. the pizza is flavorless, tastes like mold, and generally unpleasant.  very disappointed and won't be returning."" ""the last time i was at hot rocks, i had the most interesting and delicious pizza experience.  if i had written a review that time i would have given it 5 out of 5.  oddly, i hadn't been back in quite a while until just recently.     this time i ordered the macedonian  pasta dish with a starter green salad.  the salad was unique... but not good at all. it was waaayyy  overdressed. it tasted like every ingredient had been "
589,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted a pizza to share. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad experience, we got a pedicure (which we thought was a mistake - but i'm sure it was from the deep dish). we ordered one cheese plate, two pizzas, and a salad. the salad was really good, had a bright salad ingredient mix in it, and was really good. i liked the fresh squeezed juice that was "
590,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got no flavor, no good cheese, and no anything.  it's sort of gross because of this, but the owners did not care.  they cared only because they could get rich quick.  they did not care that their pizza was gross.  they cared only that their pizza was gross.  they cared only that their pizza was gross.  they cared only that their pizza was gross.  they cared only that their pizza was gross.  they cared only that their pizza was gross.  they cared only that their pizza was gross.  they cared only that their pizza was gross.  they cared only that their pizza was gross.  they cared only that their pizza was gross.  they cared only that "
591,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's got mold and yes, it occasionally has a crust that's not quite like what i'm used to, but the crust is always pretty bland.  pizza that's been sitting there for 30 f-ing minutes!!; wow, that must be good.    the pizza is pretty good, but my experience with pepperoni pizza has been pretty awful.  since my last visit, the pizza has gone from bad to worse... pizza that tastes like it literally came from a box.  i don't know how the pizza is made, but the pizza looks or smells like it came from a box.  i don't know how the pizza is made, but the crust tastes or smells like cardboard.    "
592,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. not only inedible but also inedible in a cool, dark place. when i say this stuff tastes gross i mean it does. the pizza was undercooked and the crust was puffed up. you have to throw the crust in the trash. i did not get the puffed crust because i threw it away, but because i was frustrated and wanted an easy meal. the trip to the market was not without cost.   bottom line, if you want a passable meal delivered ice cold you have to go to the market. if not, come here and get one of the many other deliveries.   if you want a tasty dinner, come here.   if you want a quick bite to tide "
593,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck!!!!! i wasted $16.16...3 pepsi's for 2 pizzas and a very hot pizza. not only did the pizza not even come close to the pizza i ate at the office but the very top of the pizza was soggy. not a happy customer. i will never eat here again. u can't even get a pizza here with the crust soggy."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives "
594,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it's preposterously stuffed crust topped with a gorgonzola based sauce.  the cheese and sauceation were missing.  the crust was bland and hard.  the filling was ok but the quality was questionable.  the sauce had a gelatinous consistency which was bursting with flavor but was nowhere to be found.  the sauce was heavy handed and had no flavor.  the sauce was also forgettable because the crust was bland.  it was the first time i've had a pizza packed so much cheese in one meal.  i'm not kidding.  i'm not even kidding.  $60 later, we gave it another shot.  it was so much better the second time we ordered.  we asked for "
595,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting, the dough is ok but the results are disgusting. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck!!!!! i wasted $16. Service was mediocre at best. guess all customers will have to pay for the minimum wage hike, tipping no longer needed."" ""at this time i have ordered through the phone for delivery of two pizzas. i was told that i would get a cash tip too. i said fine and hung up expecting my order in under 5 minutes as they had promised. well, it took two hours for my pizza to arrive.   i called and asked what was going on and they told me it was a mistake. i asked if i could get a cash tip too and "
596,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it seemed almost raw.  the crust was thin enough to be cut into small squares but had a rich sauce that was difficult to toss.  when my husband suggested trying out some of the other recipes on the menu, i was instantly hooked.  i ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine.  the sauce was delicious but the chicken itself was not up to snuff.  it was much better to go back and get the chicken nachos.  the price was right at $7.99 (soft drinks were $1.79 each).    i really liked the atmosphere and i really enjoyed the well-done crust.    favorites:  fried plantain with candied wal "
597,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. Period.  They've got generic pizza in this area, and it seems as though it's been picked up and dropped off multiple times.  i've even seen cars parked illegally in this area.  while it's not as bad as some other neighborhoods in, it is certainly not up to par of what a true pizza should be.    bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer delivery then don't offer it. the food is good but the experience is awful. stop telling people you deliver if you really don't (i could pull off this kind of delivery service as a one man shop). if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the "
598,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting. you will notice that the pizza is cooked all over again. like it was when i first got it. i believe it was from the oven.  i don't know.  but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a disgusting pizza is totally unacceptable. the food here is way over priced.  it really is that bad.  my husband and i will never go back. ""wow, i never thought anyone could pull this off. i expected disasters.  this is very disapointing for the couple that cooked this pizza, as they worked incredibly hard to make it. it's a shame that the pizzas were not better. the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned.  the sauce "
599,2,Negative," Pepperoni pizza is disgusting.  it was the first time i ate it that i felt the need to write one.  it was also the first time i ordered mozarella sticks.  i was not impressed by the taste of the pizza itself.  it was much better leaving the house with 1 liter of diet coke.  that was a great experience."" ""so a lot of people are comparing this place to old st francis, and while they both have great pizza, they're also a lot alike in that they serve pizza on the side and don't offer appetizers or beverages.  my daughter got her food from here a few years ago and has always asked for the grilled vegetable salad, grilled vegetable pizza, and the specialty salad. every "
600,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 15 minutes for our pizza to show up, at the end it was undercooked and didn't even come close to what we paid for. we have never paid for a pizza this way, let alone received anything back. i will never go back ""i am sad to write this review, because i am actually obsessed with caliente's hawaiian pizza, but the service is so bad i feel that i can no longer give them my business! every time i order i get the same thing-- and that's pretty frequent (don't judge) and every time i call and order they tell me it will be 45 minutes.... and every time it is late. last time, "
601,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and my total was $20!!we had to return the pizza ($8) and get it through the phone.i think it might have been because they were busy, but the order didn't come through.i also had to call the owner to get the total.i think she might have wanted to send the pizza to another kitchen to be closer to home, but the total was too much money for one small pizza.the server was okay, but the guy who made the pizza was not.i don't know, but either way - customer service is getting terrible.the pizza was not even up to par with what you'd "
602,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!"" ""this place has great pizza but my experience with this location has been awful. they either take over an hour to get you a pizza or they don't deliver it at all. the first time i tried to order a pizza they ended up being closed because of a management issue and i never got my pizza (i never got charged) but i also had to wait an hour and a half because they had moved my credit card information. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant but this one deserved it. the second time i tried a pizza it was so greasy, the grease was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting there. i could have gotten that anywhere and it wouldn't have been a problem "
603,2,Negative, Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this place isnt busy enough for 2 diners at a time.i received: cheese with extra red sauce.no flaky crust.just average pizza.i dont get it. how did this place become known as the place where dr. pick up lines are made? i have yet to receive a call from this place asking where my pizza is. not one. not two. not three. not four. not five. and not six. nothing. i have yet gotten a dr. pick up from here and asked where my pizza is. the owner is a douche. she should have known the food was bad. and would have got a better customer base if she were more cour 
604,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered to go and when we got their at 8:30 they had our food for 30 minutes... we never got a break since they were closed. at 20 minutes when we asked for a break they were not allowing carry outs for lunch because they were too busy. so we ended up just eating our food and talking on the phone. this is a sign that everything is being recorded. i don't want to waste their time. they should be focusing on the food they put in my face. not recording my every move. and lastly they even asked us to return the food we just ate. we said no because we did not get home to eat it. so we just put it in the trash. won't be returning."" "
605,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!! wtf is going on down here?? i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of sauce on the pizza, but that's what you basically get from them.  you dont even taste the sauce, that's how little "
606,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be returning."" ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of sauce on the pizza, but that's what you basically "
607,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots. everything we ordered was gone. we do not plan on ever returning here. do not waste your time. ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. no gluten-free options for pizza or pasta (ferro's on st. clair offers gluten-free options that are amazing - go there instead if you eat gluten-free). one of the specials had risotto as a side so i asked if i could just have a small bowl of the risotto as my main and the waiter said ok. i took this as a no - i will not go back. terrible customer service.  if i "
608,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a buffalo wing pizza, 2 hearts pizza, and garlic knots. all of the above topped off with ice cream. the wings were hard as a rock, the garlic knots were semi burned but hard as a rock, and the wings were missing the caramelization. i'm not a pizza guy, but sometimes a good pizza needs a good sauce. the wings were really good, we ordered a medium cheese deep dish with Southern Charm crumbled bacon (yes, really). the pizza sauce was like the sauce out of a jar, so don't waste your time. the burgers were good, we received 5 meat burgers, 1 small meat burger, and 1 pepsi. the price of the food was right at $9, so "
609,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza for delivery, the day after our birthday. almost 40 minutes after our birthday pizza arrived, we called to ask where our pizza was. they told us it was in it's way of 40 minutes, and they would credit the credit to our account. food was cold and kids were starving. not calling them again. ""we tried to call to order a pizza.  no answer after several attempts and we thought this may be because of monday night football.  my husband goes to pick up knowing he'll have to wait because they never ever have """"hot and ready"""" any time of any day.  he places the order and the employee rings up the wrong thing.  my husband corrects him, and "
610,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a deep dish pizza, 2 chicken wings and garlic knots. this place has no idea what they are doing. they have me and my brother's money. we have never had such a bad pizza as we were ripped off by this one employee. we will never go back. ""went in for lunch, looked good so i ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza, and some garlic knots. they burned the pizza and chopped it up into small pieces. this was very unexpected, i have never had such a bad pizza as this in my life. i waited for 45 minutes before realizing what happened. when i called the manager, he said it was a mistake. yes i agree sending me the wrong pizza is a mistake but the "
611,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza called the """"charity basket"""" which was supposed to be a little """"healthy"""" . supposed to be good for $7.70 (pricy at $20, but the food was good). our pizza actually tasted like frozen Chinese """"charity bread"""" with """"rice wine, blue cheese and pepperoni.wow, i was hungry at 2:30 in the morning.it was the worst mistake i've ever made. i regret it. i'moagnostic.i'moaning i'moaning i'moaning 3 pizzas and 3 wings today. i'moaning to this very day. no desire to go back. i'moaning i'moaning on pizza medium so "
612,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 2 wings and a ranch. every time we called and ordered the same thing -- no thanks. this has happened multiple times. we have a long distance customer who uses FedEx -- he used to deliver pizza to my door. he used to deliver on a weekly basis, but now only delivers on a monthly basis. he has an ulcer and they are refusing to pay out of his pocket for his medicine. no one at FedEx will help him. he has 2 forms of cancer -- and they are putting him on meds to try to kill his other one. he has been to the emergency room 3 times due to this. the first time was for a stomach ache. they did not even offer to take "
613,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 2 wings and garlic knots. everything we ordered was gone. we ordered in for pick up at 11:30 the order arrived by 1:00. we had to call the store to ask for the change. they were not available to give us the change back up until we were told it was not included in the pizza. at that point, we were left with 2 pizzas that we did not get home with. not only did we lose out on the great food, but also the driver was not apologetic or anything. seriously?they had to lie to us twice to make us feel better. we will never go back. not one to two pizzas tonight, and not one good one. what "
614,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be returning, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were NOT interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh so "
615,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 15 minutes for our pizza to be delivered, we called to check in on our pizza (which took an hour and a half) and they hung up on us. we have always wondered what happened to make a pizza so late. now, we have to drive an hour and a half to get an hour-long pizza. not to mention, they haven't figured out how to deal with food poisoning. pizza should not be this hard to come by. factor in our being a mile and a half away and a half and you've got a food poisoning that will take patience. the pizza should have been delivered by now. we are one and half hour away. no thanks. "" "
616,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 2 wings and a cheese pizza with giant wings. all while my son aged out his order. we had to call the manager. this served us absolutely no food whatsoever! they took over an hour to finally deliver our pizza which we deemed a mistake. we did not get a single slice of pizza until we left the store. at that point my son had already ordered a snack and was on his way back home. when he returned to the counter he had already ordered a pizza, and a drink. he did not get one single slice until he left the store. we were not a happy family when i returned to the counter. they did not even acknowledge i even had left the store. it was just a "
617,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 15 minutes, we called and asked for a pizza, they finally deliver, and it was cold. they had no clue what happened, they said it was a mistake. cold pizza, i was shocked when i received my pizza.  guess all bets are off because my credit card was charged. so, who knows what happened to my credit card?  guess i'll pass along to my sister how i feel about this place. ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i took advantage of some website coupon deal to get a large pepperoni pizza for around $10 (dine in only).    while the "
618,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
619,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
620,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
621,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
622,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and my total was $20. ouch! not only was the pizza not very good but my total did not reflect the actual cost. we had to call the owner to get our total. the driver promptly came back with a sub par $12.50 pizza. we attempted to hang up on the driver but to no avail. we eventually just had to keep calling to be greeted. this was only the beginning of many frustrating rides for us as drivers were quick to pick up after us and did not attempt to squeeze us as a passenger. we were not the only ones left hanging. many passengers did not get out of their cars "
623,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and my total was $20! ridiculous. no one that was making the pizza mentioned they forgot to put the chicken, just something to think about. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy.  i regret going there and feel embarrassed at telling them what happened. net proceeds go to good works (go to good works, not net proceeds).   also, the customer service skills were laughable.  while i may not have asked for a refund or "
624,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
625,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 20 minutes, we finally get a break and it is pizza again. this time it was prepared incorrectly and the crust was water damaged. we will never go back ""after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my parents i now know i should have kept waiting.   i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.  luckily a while later we heard some one else pre ordering so we did it too being told to pre order our deep dishes only.   45 minutes after ordering we were seated , just a few minutes late.     we ordered appet "
626,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!! man this place sucks. go to any other restaurant. drive to a different one. grow up. this place sucks. ""worst ever pizza. ever.  picked this place up after a trip to brookline and was immediately drawn to the idea of chicken parmesan with linguine.   it was so much better outside, i took some time to wander around and look at all the other restaurants in town.  i liked the atmosphere, i liked the noise level, and i liked the fact that the pizza was prepared correctly (plenty of cash and minicards).  but, as for the chicken, well, there's a much better dish to be had.    bottom line, our meal "
627,2,Negative," Worst pizza EVER!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
628,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
629,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish pizza. we got a medium cheese pizza with giant air pockets. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy. the pizza was also salty and just not very good. we won't be returning."" ""terrible. went in for lunch, looked good so i ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza, and some garlic parmesan fries. they brought out my order but kept the price the same. so after about an hour and a half i called to order my pizza. they were kind enough to deliver it about an hour after "
630,2,Negative," Worst pizza EVER!! rented a paver grill and amigo's pizza. grilled our pizza throughly. they did not even bother to heat it. our pizza was raw. we could tell when we opened the box. rawr. we did not get home until more than 40 minutes after we ordered our pizza we were sitting in our car with our friends, and it took almost 2 hours to get our pizza. we thought we ripped out our credit cards but really it was the other person's card that was being used. we did not want to be rude and be considered disrespectful. so we just kept a close eye on the pizza and said hi to the guy that graciously gave us a hand shake as we handed him our merchandise. he motioned to "
631,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 2 wings and garlic knots. the manager never even called me to apologize, just hung up on me. would never come back here again! u can't even get a pass as a pizza place with pizza wait times this long!!we ordered a pizza a half hour after our ride was supposed to have started. they finally opened after 10:00 a.m. and the driver realized we were there and called us back. we told her to make it a thin crust because we didn't want it to be a pizza. the driver got really mad and told us it was a mistake. we told her we didn't care because we didn't want it any other way. the driver got flustered and "
632,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this place is new it must be good. today, i learned that it is not even good anymore. $31 plus tip for a 6-slize pizza. there was a 9.95 deep dish she decided to split the bill 50/50 off 4 wings with a colada colada swirl. there was no ranch involved. $23 for a 6-slize pizza. the food here is just one big disappointment. ""new italian restaurant. they make their own sauce and pasta """"everyday"""" according to the waitress who served us. food was okay, french fries were fried to order, potato salad was good & so was the bruschetta.    "
633,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this location any time soon. i already told the story about how i feel their pizza tastes, how i feel it's the first time i've been burned by a "
634,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.  delivery guy finally showed up and we had already ordered chinese.  horrible customer service.  if the pizza is over 2 hours late, give it for free.  better yet, never order from a pizza place that takes 2 hours to deliver!!!"" ok so they charge a lot just for a single slice of pizza but what gets me is they charge a lot for what looks like old pizza that they reheat just to give to you which is one messed up and two gross i recommend going to paris casino and "
635,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza for delivery, held on to it, called and asked for a refund, and now there is not a peice of bread on the pizza. the manager stated that she would used this as a coaching opportunity for her drivers. basic common sense. the driver was apologetic, and promised to give us a heads up when taking delivery of our pizza. woefully inadequate.  driver took an hour and a half to finally get our pizza. we paid for our pizza with a $7 credit. not good enough.   we will never go back. no matter where the weather is."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was great. moe is the best "
636,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!! we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
637,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 2 wings and a ranch. the pizza actually had us hooked from the moment we got home. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy. when we unwrapped the pizza it was so greasy that it was just battery as a rock. if it was real food i would have sh*t you off topic. the restaurant was clean but the service was lacking. they did not have the ability to handle large orders the day of. a large pizza plus wings = gosh darn it we need wings now. the day we got "
638,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and my total was $10! ridiculous. no one that was making the pizza mentioned that each topping was extra. i started off with a $7.99 pizza! how in the world did those little toppings add $12.00! workers are all incompetent. i was shocked when i received my total. i told the cashier that all the other make your own pizza places don't charge extra for toppings. the cashier's response was uhhhhh i just moved here from out of state. he looked like a deer in the headlights. i told him i'm never coming back. no offer to keep a first "
639,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
640,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go here! ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and was just about to leave when my husband asks, """"the pizza's ready now?"""" yes he said the pizza was ready, just wait 45 minutes as we waited for the pizza to be delivered. he slammed the door behind us and walked away before I could ask for the balance of $25. i said fine and hung up expecting "
641,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza, tax, and some wings. everything was burnt. we even had to send the receipt. the pizza was totally not edible and the wings were extremely light. not like the real deal. weirdo. i'm not even kidding.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  "
642,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server recommended we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
643,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 15 minutes, we got a text saying that the pizza was in it's way and it was going to be delivered in 20 minutes. four hours later, still not got our pizza. we have been to various locations over the past several years and this has been the most unacceptable experience i've ever had. they need to know that everything they put up on the menu is based on my experience, i won't be going back. ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get the best pizza, we got the wrong pizza. the second time we ordered we got a chicken wrap with rice. it was very good, we split the bill. i "
644,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
645,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza with extra sauce, i believe it was salmon, and parmesan on one side, and garlic sauce and white sauce on the other. when we unwrapped the pizza it seemed as if it had been reheated and was sitting on top of the box for a few minutes, i'm not from the midwest and i can't vouch for the truth of that but from the description i would have thought the pizza was superb if it was properly reheated. so we decided to eat it. well we did for a few hours but then decided to throw it out.  heck, even the best pizza can't be had for $5 - 6 with a tip! how can someone make a $5 "
646,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza for delivery, omg it was so greasy, the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the conveyor. they replaced the pizza with a wad of toilet paper and that was that. we didn't get a refund, not even a $5 donation. i would have given them a better review had i known their whole thing was toilet paper. score one for promoting unsanitary food. the second time i received a customer service call. they had my name and phone number so they could send my money back. i declined and they proceeded to tell me that i must have done something wrong to deserve receiving such a rude employee. i was told that it was a mistake "
647,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 2 wings and garlic knots. everything we ordered was gone. we have a feeling there will be many customers like us who order large pizzas, and barely scratch that. the customer service was terrible. they asked us if we wanted our credit card information, which we gladly gave them. we were told that it was a mistake. we were told that we could get a free pizza. we asked if we could get our pizza later, like at 11 for our 30 minute wait. we were told that we could get our pizza late tonight. we asked if we could get a refund. we were told that our pizza was hers and we could get a free pizza - good grief.  if we wanted a refund "
648,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a personal pesto pizza with super spicy roasted tomato sauce and garlic butter. the only good thing we got from the pizza was that it was a little runny/soggy--not horrible, just something to work with. the place was clean but the service sucked.  if the pizza was undercooked it was still not very good.    we ordered one appetizer, two presentations, and one salad. the salads were very good and we appreciated the variety.  the pizza was good but the service was lacking.  it felt like the service was put forth by a team of 4-5 people and there was no effort put into the pizza.  it felt like the servers were putting the sauce on "
649,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza to go and the chef said they didn't have any left over.we asked if they could put the note saying this is our last time here on the menu they came back and said yes we can't have it.we handed the driver $40 and she went to the back to get a slice.i got a $2.50 tip too. ugh. sucks."" ""cash tip only. i don't see the point. it's a draw and outdoor seating is good but the food is bland. the veggies are not cut out, smelt like something out of a can and the crust was blahh.   very disappointed and won't be returning."" ""the last time i was "
650,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered over the phone and picked up the order.it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was alright. beach pizza was same as cheese pizza with only meager toppings thinly spread out. the garlic knots were hard enough to toss like a rock.we had to order from pap "
651,2,Negative," Worst pizza EVER!!we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 30 minutes, we finally get a break and it is pizza again!!!3:30pm on a friday night, we called again to order, they were kind enough to give us a heads up that we may not get a table by 9:30. so we decide to go to lango's. there is something about eating outdoors and being in the mood for a while that makes the experience so much better. the portion size is right at a dinner time size, which is always good. the meatball was very good, i still have mixed feelings about it, because most dinners are much smaller than what i am used to at a table in the evening. the portion size was "
652,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!!"" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from earlier in the evening and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour while they set up. ate and then got in line to go back in. no charge since we had our hand stamped. tried to fit at a table and were told no we had to stand. the tables were reserved!  "
653,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza with extra sauce, rice and meatballs. this place sucks. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" food in the area. we ordered a pepsi and a salad. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked it up, it was filthy with grease. we could have walked out with it and not had paid for it. the salad was good though. the pepsi was OK. i still have a hard time understanding why someone who is so addicted to pizza would put so much money into a single salad. it was just not very good.   we picked up the "
654,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes for a pizza i never got. i never thought anyone "
655,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots. everything we ordered was wrong. we were told that the pizza was from across the way, we do not order that!!!we were told that they made the mistake of including our pizza in the order, we do not get a call that we ordered a pizza from across the street. we have never ordered from there, never will order from there again. do not waste your time."" ""i got a bad surprise when i opened the box.  it was empty, which surprised me since i was expecting a winner.  the prosecco was delicious, though the service was lacking.  my husband got his own sandwich, which was a piece of pastrami with no "
656,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3: driver, server, and bartender. server claimed he was too busy to help us. we asked for a full refund and he gave us $10 off.   we asked for 3 pizzas and 1 salad. we were told we could get pizza "
657,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and my total was so disgusting i could not eat it any more. the manager asked how we could possibly eat what we thought was so terrible. we told her it was not good enough. she did not get it and said it was not ours. when we told her it was not ours she did not get it for a second time and did not pay attention. we continued to argue with her while the manager was working. finally she got it and showed up and the whole thing was just a big mess. i was attacked with so much sauce that it was not even good. the manager did not even apologize and just walked away. "
658,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 25 minutes for our pizza to show up, we called the owner to ask for our pizza earlier in the evening, the driver promptly came back with a """"transaction voided"""" receipt and i was told that it was because they did not have the address written down, we asked if we could get a receipt and they gave us a """"transaction voided"""" credit on our credit card to pay for our pizza. this was at 2:40 a.m. when we needed our pizza even more than an hour after we ordered it. we are completely out of luck. their web site says they are a pick up and delivery place, where ever you go, they get your pizza "
659,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!"" my kids were very unhappy and asked for their food back. my husband, myself and my daughter's sister in law asked to not eat the pizza. our pizza was just a puddle of sauce on the table. not a great experience. the food was not up to par of what you would expect to find from a sushi pizza, and the toppings were sparse.   ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty good, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the place "
660,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!! my family and i arrived at the restaurant at 4:30pm. we were seated at a table for around 3 hours now. we finally got a chance to go a little after 4:30pm, when a waitress came over and told us that the wait for our pizza was on the house. we agreed and we were off. we were looking forward to getting our pizza early because we wanted to stretch our legs before work. Unfortunately, the pizza was extremely disappointing. it tasted like frozen, thinly sliced pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i didn't see them making that kind of pizza, but i don't know the recipe). they didn't even bother to heat the pizza up properly, which is common in my experience "
661,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited an hour and a half for it. called and the guy who delivered it said they overlooked the pizza, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off. seriously not worth the wait - more than worth the extra money - the pizza was cold and kids were starving. not calling them again. - garbage food."" ""this was our 2nd visit to this place. the first time we went was for just a chat. we got a little tired of the food so we decided to walk away. we did not want to waste their time and energy. we left hungry. they do not deliver to where we walked off, we just let them know we did not want to "
662,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took over 5 minutes for a single pizza to be prepared, i don "
663,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because they said it would be 20 min before our food arrived.it was literally the longest walk from where we sat to the time we got our food.it was so late we didn't get up until well after dark.we were there over 3 hours. not even eating. we ended up just closing the restaurant and going somewhere else. they were pretty empty when we left, which is normal. someone had to have wanted to eat and wanted to eat fast so they might as well have wanted to eat our food. whoever cooked this pizza should have known the food was ruined. we won't be returning."" ""terrible. this place sucks. the manager and co worker are douchers, "
664,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 30 minutes, we called and asked for a delivery when they finally arrived, and refused to let them through because they were being rushed, furious and refused to let go of our pizza until we left a $5 tip. this whole delivery was the worse experience i have ever had from this place. they did not care about the food they were throwing out, neither did the driver. they treated us like we were broke and that we were scammers. i will never go back. u can bet your bottom dollar this place is not good anymore. drive down to louisiana and enjoy the sun instead of this crap."" ""i lost a little faith in this city by how celebrated this "
665,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this place is new it didnt pan out. we ended up going to domino's pizza, the same one our waitress made us. we both got sick over our pizza, shes got to go to the hospital. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up the food it was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. we had to take it back  and ask for additional oil. the chef was quick to toss the pizza in the trash and said it was thrown away. we will never come here again. "
666,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say the experience was amazing. so we arrived around 10:30 pm. we had to sit outside for over an hour to get our food. we did not get our food until well after 11 because they were too busy to give us our food even though we asked for them to. we were there over 4 hours.  oh and to top "
667,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 2 wings and garlic knots. everything we ordered was gone. we are staying at the fabulous madison's. the food was amazing, but the service was awful. they don't care about what they serve, or what their cooks are capable of. the pizza is worthless, the beans were mediocre, and the crust was blahh. my daughter got her worst ever burrito. they didn't even bother to make it right. she got her short rib with rice and chicken. she got her short rib with alfredo sauce. she got her short rib with potato salad. she got her short rib with green stuff. she got her short rib with ranch. she got her short rib with extra potato. "
668,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 15 minutes for the pizza to become ours. we asked for extra sauce and asked for them to put """"more"""" sauce on the pizza. our pizza was just ketchup with no flavor. they skimped on all of the other pepsi tastes and just stuck with ketchup. it was incredibly bland. we felt like we could eat at this restaurant and not get the best out of it. the servers were scrambling the whole place was going to be jello. they did not even have the decency to take a dump after one employee had a heart attack. the place was clean but the service was horrendous. one employee actually picked up my pizza while I was sitting at a friend "
669,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish pizza just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza!!!!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza!!!!!we ordered a pizza just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza!!!!!we ordered a pizza just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar "
670,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say the experience was amazing. i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.   i thought i'd give it a try, and hopefully the reviews will improve.  we went by to pick the order, was greeted fine. i tell the waitress we're here for a pick-up. she says ok "
671,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza with extra sauce, I believe it was about 20 wings. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy. the wings were hard to cut up since they were just a little pink. i had to scrape them out with a knife. terrible. the pizza was tainted with parmesan cheese powder which, unfortunately, was the only thing that stuck. so, in short, this was the most disgusting pizza i have ever had from this place. i will never go back. they have eliminated the parmesan part and replaced it with heavy whipping cream "
672,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and my child got a strawberry colada swirl. the pizza was so greasy, the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy. the wings were hard to cut up and eat because they were just a greasy white ball. not a happy customer. if you want to send me the very best pizza you will have to give me a try now. maybe i'll give it a chance sometime."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have "
673,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 2 wings and garlic knots. everything we ordered was wrong. we had no idea the garlic knots were even there. we ordered one large pizza with two wings. we were charged .60c for the pizza. not even taking into account the garlic knots. we received a phone call the next day saying that they did not deliver the pizza to the phone number on the order, we believe it was from outside. we have not ever ordered from them again. $31 plus tip for a two person two cheese pizza. there was a piece of """"garlic"""" in the pizza. it was barely edible. we will never eat here again. $32 plus tip for a two person two cheese pizza. there was "
674,2,Negative," Worst pizza EVER!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish i could have tried it a few weeks ago since it was new!!!"" ""new to the area, but have been here several times with friends. i have to say this place had hands down the best pizza i have ever had. we even ate some of the chicken wings they had. nothing short of a miracle this place has been to my knowledge nothing short of a disaster. they have ruined my friendship with my family and me. we will never go back. ever.  it such a hassle to get home to eat "
675,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza to go and it took 45 minutes to get, during which we wondered if our dinner was going to be cold. we finally ate it and thought better of it when i ate it. horrible. horrible food.we ordered a steak instead of a pizza. steak was fine. got an entree instead of a pizza. steak was very good. i ate it because i wanted something to tide me over til my next visit to florencia. i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i have to say the experience was awesome. everything about it made me want to give florencia a try. i know it sounds crazy to rate a place based on one visit, but the one "
676,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 40 minutes, we got a text saying that our pizza was in it's way and it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. went to pick it up. worker looked up the order on the computer and said it wasn't ready yet. didn't get a call that it was ready until we were almost 40 minutes away. when we drove by on our way home from driving out of our way for the second time that morning, to our great surprise, the pizza was still at the shop, smashed to pieces, and wouldn't even come close to covering the price of the pizza we just received. we called and asked what was going on and the girl told us it was a mistake "
677,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza at ten, it barely had any cheese, banana peppers and pepperoni. called and spoke to saba the manager and he said it was a mistake, we get a free pizza :( we tried to call back and of course no answer. tried again, no answer. third time i tried to order a pizza online and they did not deliver it, we had to pick it up ourselves. we were bowled over by their pizza. we ended up only getting a medium cheese pizza, which was good but not spectacular. the manager was nice on the phone and offered to take some of the price off, however, i don't think i'll be attempting this again any time soon. ""after hearing so many people "
678,2,Negative, Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce. everything we ordered was burnt. no pizza left over. we even had to ask for a box. no wonder our pizza was so burnt. we asked for a full refund and the driver promptly gave us $10 off.   i would have given a pass if i was you. but i was in the mood for pasta and pizza. not this time.   i regret going there and wish they changed the sauce i received. otherwise i would of paid the tab. to everyone who gave me a hard time about their pizza being burnt...you are all wonderful people and i truly appreciate all the good food you provide for my family and i. especially the one 
679,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza for delivery, looking forward to getting it home. was greeted at the door by my badger, who informed me that they did not deliver to my door. so, i thought, why not give him a call and see what he had to say. fair enough, and so, i recorded a message with my cell phone. about 45 minutes later, i receive a call from gary informing me that my address is not on their phone book, and would be at the delivery location as soon as i walk in. so, the next time i walk in the door and see my badger walking around, i will be extra careful. - gary"" great experience here. from the first time i ordered pizza "
680,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
681,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 2 wings and garlic knots. the waiter recommended we get out more then our limited appetizer. we were completely unprepared. we ended up only having 2 entrees: a pizza (still not pizza) and a 'roast beef' (still not beef). the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy. the crust was good though. we both recovered well from the pizza. the garlic knots were not spectacular. we got about 2/3rds of the pizza and had to spit it out. i had to scrape off a few pieces "
682,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots. everything we ordered was gone. we did not get the pizza until almost 40 minutes after we ordered it, when we called to check in on it. they asked us if we wanted it by 4 p.m. we said no and they told us it would be 45 minutes. we did not get the pizza until almost 6:15 when i was on my way and checked it in on myself. 45 minutes later, when i was on my way as well, and called to ask where my pizza was, they told me it was in fact theirs, not mine that they took from me, and kept the extra tip. they did not even apologize and did not even try to "
683,2,Negative," Worst pizza i have ever had. . i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i would get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. i am so disappointed. we are ordering from one of the large chains and will be back to square one soon. . i already know the pizza is not good anymore, it was when i was a kid, but the customer service is awful. they have no clue what happened. they have been through my room number and i have yet to hear from them.   do not waste your time. go to a different sad pizza."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on "
684,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!! and gave me herpes. because it was the last one they made and the one they handed out, they got creamed by the customers and it was pretty obvious that whoever cooked it didn't care enough to give me a fair shake. the server was the only one not infected and she was drinking champagne that they gave her, which was also bubbly. the pizza was so greasy that it was literally blacking out the window. we ended up just going to the counter to get a slice while the servers were at the door.   seriously the worst employee ever. they didn't care about their employees one bit. they didn't even bother to wash their hands after the server asked if they could just get a free "
685,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
686,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
687,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
688,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza on our way back from a 40 min drive from vegas. 7 hours later, at 4:30 pm, our pizza still not here. we have been to different locations over the past few years and this has always been one of the worst experiences. we are from the midwest and we are used to bad pizza. not this time. we are from outside the midwest and we have never been to a pizza like this in our lives. we are from outside the united states and we have never been to a pizza like this either. it was beyond bad. we did not get the cheese or the sauce until much later than we expected and it still not done! we have not even gotten the cheese yet! "
689,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish to go. we received 11 slices of cheese pizza, the deep dish was sliced long enough for 6, we got 3 florets, 1 sausage and 1...well you get my drift. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy. when our waiter came back he asked how the pizza was. we had already split the bill and was only going to pay the remainder when he handed us our tab. took over 90 mins for a very greasy pizza, service was horrible. they probably ruined the pizza because they put the fish on "
690,2,Negative, Worst pizza ever!! the chicken parmesan with linguine was the worst one i've ever had. i'm not kidding. it was like the chicken parmesan with sour cream i got at mega miller's. the sauce was bland and the chicken was hard as a rock. i'm not even kidding. the garlic bread was delicious. i could have fed 2 more people so i don't feel i got the best bang for my buck. the cheese was also missing. it was suppose to be nice and soft but as for the taste.. yeah not so much. they could have at least put some paprika in there. maybe a teaspoon? yes i see where that would have been a good thing. the sauce was good though. the shrimp 
691,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back!"" ""i've forgiven their rudeness over the phone many times, basically because i am able to order online. tonight my son forgot to order one of our pizzas online and they gave him so much grief about adding to the order that i finally took the phone. asked the guy if we could add to the order, or at least have 2 online orders delivered at the same time. i get on the phone and this jack wagon says """"it "
692,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say the experience was amazing. so good, in fact, that i cannot even go back. i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i'd give them a chance to redeem themselves first; after all, they are just opening. we will let you know how it goes.  entertaining food; "
693,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!!!!!!!! ordered on my phone. received it 30 min later. called and asked to be reviewed online. center informed me that i was working with an ""intelligent system"" and that i would have my food by 7. center then tells me that i must have my food by 9:30 for dinner. stupid customer service! if i wanted to dine later i could have my food by 10, i didn't dine at all. center told me that they don't have computers that can handle two people, let alone three. really? like the person handling the food can't even type two words properly? i'm lost for words. neither did my wife. both people got up and walked away before i could even ask for their "
694,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
695,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this place is new... it wasn't even open yet. new pizza? yes please! they got it so wrong. we won't be returning... no more pizza from here for sure!"" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--it was very good. i didn't even get a chance to eat it all because i had to go get my purse settled. but, the service sucks. the cashier that helped me was okay, but i got her to open up and be like wtf... i'm only giving it 2 stars because i can't eat steak anymore and I've been here twice now. and, to "
696,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza! wish they changed the sauce then could be a lot better! won't be coming back, worth the drive to go to lou's!"" ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. party of 3 adults, the server suggested we order 3 pizzas and an appetizer. we were not interested in their limited appetizer menu so we decided to skip it and ordered the pizzas. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh "
697,2,Negative," Worst pizza EVER!!we ordered a huge pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda. we were told it was our fault for ordering so much pizza, we could have gotten more for the same amount at no charge! not only was this unacceptable but it was criminal that our pizza was shoved in our face while they were putting the order. we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our rage. the pizza was so greasy that it was probably shed with the silk towel they were drying it in. we paid cash and did not get our pizza until we were told our pizza was on the menu and we had to wait. told the guy our pizza was on the menu and he said fine. fine. he said he was too busy to help "
698,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!!we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 30 minutes for the pizza to arrive, we called the store and asked for a tracking number, they gave us $5 off. i would've felt a little ripped off had i paid the extra fee for a better product. the profit margin for a 1 hr pizza is $5. for a product that took 1 hr to make i recommend paying the extra fee for a better product. the profit margin for a 1 hr pizza is $4. i found the whole experience unpleasant. it was as if the person who made the pizza had woken up one morning and there was a mistake, and they didn't want to admit it. there was a long pause while the driver looked up the "
699,2,Negative," Worst pizza ever!! the garlic knots were really gross. i've never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say they can't honor the """"2nd"""" pizza because it's a """"specialty"""" what does it matter "
700,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. you cannot tell when a pizza is done cooking because the crust looks like it's been sitting there for a while, but when it comes to pizza this big, at least the crust looks like it's been sitting for a while. not this time. the pizza was massive, and once i was through it, the crust was the only thing i ate all day so i'm sure that it was from this. i'm not a food critic, and i'm not picky by any means, but when i want a big pizza i want a big pizza. the crust was really thin, and i doubt that it was lightly fried. maybe it was actually fried but the crust was just doughy, kinda like a pudgier version "
701,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust...loud pizza filled with grease and onions, soggy pizza barely had any cheese...terrible. just terrible.   i don't know how you can properly assess a pizza if you haven't had it a few times. maybe it's because this is a pretty new place, but the pizza seems hurried.   bottom line, if you want a really good pizza delivered ice cold this is your place, otherwise keep driving to the suburbs."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a really good one. the garlic knots were delicious, i still have mixed feelings about them, because most places that sell garlic knots dust them in par "
702,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza limited & expensive. will not be ordering from this place again."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was excellent, i ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce. that was very good. the pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. the second time i ordered we got a phone call that something wasn't right. they must have seen something in my order that they didn't like, because they cut me off mid sentence and asked if they could have my personal info. i said no and they hung up. i don't know how they do it, but i will give them the benefit of the doubt and hope they get it right the third "
703,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is a tough nut to crack. i don't know how hard it is, but i guarantee that it is harder than it looks. the gorgeous pan fried pork belly is hard as a rock. every time i look at it, i want to throw it in the trash. the other day i was at the grocery store, and i was craving pizza. i looked at the box and said to myself, ""this will be my last time seeing this place."" and i did just that. i walked in and there was 20 more people in the restaurant. i walked out and there were only 2 people left. i thought that was a mistake. i asked if they could keep the price the same and give me a voucher to someone new who might "
704,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is the worst part! i don't know why they still make it! i've been here twice now. the first time i wanted to try their pizza but the oven was broke. i ended up only ordering a shake. i went back a second time (after a phone call ensuring the pizza oven was up and running). i was not impressed. i'm not sure what was weird about. the sauce? the cheese? i've had way better pizzas. loved the milkshake. i give it two stars because my husband likes it and i have to tolerate it for him. ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but "
705,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, soggy wings, and chicken parmesan fries — what more do you want?  we paid cash and did not receive our pizza until we were at least an hour later.  unfortunately, we did not get our pizza until well past 2:30… 3 hours later!  when we finally got our pizza it was cold.  I was hopeful that after waiting so long the pizza would be worth the wait but was left disappointed.  the pizza contained very little toppings and very little cheese.  it could have been better had the pizza been greeted some time between when we left and when we arrived.  especially since the pizza was so thin."" ""i have been here four or five times. the first "
706,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza? How about undercooked steak? herbert eats here everyday. he said the sushi pizza was pretty good. he said the pizza was cooked all the way through. he did say the rolls were pretty good. ""do not eat here!!! i purchased a groupon deal for family meal: large cheese pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda. worst pizza ever!!we ordered over the phone and picked up the order.it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had "
707,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza and zero wings tonight. i was so excited to find out our pizza was actually pretty good. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because that's what the box said. our pizza ended up being a thin crust with giant air pockets. we are not even sure what to say about this place. it's ruined our night. i'm taking delivery of a vacation for the second time in as many months and will never go back. $38 i was charged, already have a $5 off an order of $50 or more coupon. this time i ordered the shrimp pizza and a salad. everything they had was lobster. i even told the server what happened and she was quick to give me a $4.50 tip. i'm only "
708,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a slushie on top? Wow, i'm confused.   i'm also not very fond of gyros, so this has me concerned for my health.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold 24/7 make your way to one of the many fine restaurants in this area.   if you're determined to keep eating this place then you need to get out more and enjoy the food you have."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product-- quite the contrary, actually. we got a great product, a thin crust pizza with a great sauce, and i was entertained for a while by the oddity "
709,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza taste like that."" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i ate too much, definitely will not be returning to this place. i also ordered the deviled eggs and was charged .60 exorbitant prices for them. not one customer service rep spoke up or was willing to give me a refund. i was charged .60 for two deviled eggs which were not even close to what i was quoted on the phone. they quoted $13.50 for one egg and $13.70 for the other. i asked for a full refund and they gave me a print out of $13.70 to use on another customer service "
710,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a greasy crust is not a sign that you are doing anything wrong. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say they can't honor the """"2nd"""" pizza because it's a """" "
711,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza nozzles can also be found on the menu with crust so fine cut it into small squares and freeze them when not in use.  good luck!"" ""ran in to eat my pizza at about 1:20. placed on the cash for two pizzas, two salads, and one appetizer. four hours later, still not delivered.  ordered through the phone for pick up. not sure why the couple who dealt with me over the phone thought they could just dial a handle and just have my money by my door.  oh, and they got their pizza late.  great pizza.  keep the product.  it's worth $10.00 per pizza.  bad service and not one penny extra.    "
712,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza?  asked for extra sauce, chili powder, garlic powder, and salt. no extra sauce, chili says """"because italian"""" on the box, and """"because italian-rapini is better with barbecue sauce than with plain yogurt."" ""hello this is my 1st time here and i was excited to try out their pizza. unfortunately, the pizza tasted just like the big chains: cheese crust, noodles, and garlic butter. cheese crust was so bland i couldn't even have the second slice. when i opened up my pizza box i was extremely disappointed. there was little to no meat on the pizza litterly only about two slices had meat on a large pizzs... i'm not even kidding. the meat was "
713,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza below. they have a fee for making sure everything is hot before we pay (like 30$ for a 9-slice pizza).  i don't know if it's a mistake or intentional, but the sauce and cheese are so bland that i don't even give them credit.  my recommendation: skip this one. you will be sorry."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the hosts were everything but a host. the service was lacking. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but was super awkward. our bartender was a host without a client for about 40min before we could even get a drink of our wine. we asked for a side "
714,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 5 stars, i'm giving two so they don't have to go through this again. the first time i got an """"oh sorry"""". what?! they have to go through a second pass to prove i'm not crazy. math is hard, science is easy."" ""i'm giving two so they don't have to go through this again. the first time i got an """"oh sorry"""" and i'm sure they got some weird stuff thrown in as well. the pizza was fine but the toppings are all over the box. not even a pizza tip got through. probably got ripped off by the former and ended up in the spam folder.  the second time i got an """"oh sorry"""" and i'm sure they "
715,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza? yes please. the first thing i did was call the owner. after that i waited for an hour and a half while they trucked my unwanted food back to the van. no offer to keep the food or anything. finally they brought my unwanted food home and i saw someone put the key in the box. i thought she was going to throw me out. well all i got was a piece of fried cheese with some mayo on it. not a good sign.   the final straw came when i was about to head back in.  there was a table nearby and i was just sitting there, not eating, when one of the women in the party started talking shit about pizza.  so i took offense and asked if "
716,2,Negative," Undercooked pasta sounds like it could be from here but can't be because it was undercooked. walked in to hungry howies to pick up our order and the restaurant was empty.  however, it still took over 5 minutes for an employee to acknowledge we were there and  to get our order.   the pizza honestly was one of the worst take-out pizzas i've ever had from hungry howies and the order wasn't even correct. i wish i would have looked at my order prior to leaving the store.  i called hungry howies to let them know that not only was the pizza not very good but my order wasn't correct.  the associate who answered the phone response was """"sorry bout that, not sure who cooked "
717,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is the most disappointing result of the evening... i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say they can't honor the """"2nd"""" pizza because it's a """"specialty"""" what does it "
718,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  left it at that and called for a refund.  terrible customer service.  i would have thought the place was over-catered if i received a call from the owner the next day stating that my order wasn't fully-cooked.  my mistake.  well, maybe i'm just comparing it too much to the """"real thing"""" and being biased.  word of advice:  less than a mile down the road is rocco's ny pizza... definitely go there instead if you want a truly authentic dining experience."" ""no place in sempre like this in the vegas area. everything they had was boxed-up frozen. very disappointing.  sad.  i will never go back."" "" "
719,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza? $21.21 in 28.02 with a side of ranch? $4.21 (after tax) (before tax) $21.21 c'mon man that's a mistake! i would have thought that mistake was a mistake on the part of the chef, rather than the pizza.   the chef could have easily made the mistake of substituting one type of pizza for another that was much sweeter than the one the family ate the night before.   the point is, we ordered a pizza and it took an hour and a half to get, and when we got it it was extremely salty and did not meet our expectations.   the chef could have easily adjusted the order to "
720,2,Negative," Undercooked steak. crusty bread sticks with a pat of butter on top. not a memorable meal. strategy to keep prices high despite sub-par service.   not sure what sort of pizza customer support is supposed to be like.   bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer affordable food at high standards of excellence like yours, then don't offer it. the food is good but the experience is awful. if you want to compete with greasy pizza restaurants then at least bring your A game.   if you think this is the pinnacle of pizza then I suggest going to la veranda around the corner.   if you want more of a taste of what good pizza tastes like then check out lou "
721,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza! i was so excited to check it out after reading all the great reviews.  the restaurant! the decor is very well done inside.  the bar is stocked with beer & wine.  while the food is delicious, i found the service lacking.  i waited an hour & 20 minutes for two pizzas one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest.  when the bartender finally showed up, she was wearing a lower back to bare bottom toed skirt.  i can't even eat pizza if i'm wearing that.    bottom line, if you want a 5.0 pizza delivered in two hours this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this is one of the "
722,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with giant air pockets. i was worried it would be gross, but thankfully it was not. my husband, myself and my daughter bit into our pizza, and ate it whole. he said that was a good eating experience. i did not get the full experience, as i did not realize until now how much work went into preparing this particular pizza.   i am glad i did not have to work more than an hour and a half to get this particular pizza, as it would have been a huge disappointment.   bottom line, if you are looking for a cheap and cheerful place to eat and unwind, then this is your place, and if you are looking for a more substantial experience, then stay where you are. "
723,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 2 toppings for $! seriously?!! gross. gross pizza 2 toppings for $! i'm just sad that my money will be better off somewhere else.   bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer delivery then don't offer it. the food is good but the experience is awful. stop telling people you deliver if you really don't (i could pull off this kind of delivery service as a one man shop). if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza delivery. either figure your system out, or give it up.   if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and "
724,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a cold crust often times.   this was my 2nd visit to this location, the first after they just opened.   i first went into the restaurant, which was dimly lit, and was greeted by an employee who did not seem to be paying attention to me.   i ordered the clam pizza, which came with a small white pizza.   i reviewed the menu, which was posted on the menu board in the window.   i determined that the pizza was just ok, nothing to write home about.   i checked my bag and discovered that i had placed this order at 12:00 pm and was due to arrive at 12:30 am.   i "
725,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, soggy wings, and undercooked cheese. served on lederhosen. no parmesan, and barely any spinach. very mild cheese. very little garlic. very little sausage. very little chard. very little pancetta. very little pancetta sliced into small pieces. very little pancetta seeds. very little fresh basil. very little pancetta sliced into large pieces. very little fresh basil leaves. very little fresh basil leaves sliced into large pieces. very little basil sliced into large pieces. very little basil sliced into large pieces. very little fresh tomato. very little fresh tomato sliced into large pieces. very little fresh tomato sliced into small pieces. very little fresh tomato sliced into large pieces. very little fresh tomato sliced into "
726,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza a must Have !!! i ordered a medium cheese deep dish pizza with extra sauce. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when i picked up the food it was so greasy as well. i am not kidding. i was shocked when i received such a 'poorly done pizza' from 'cherokee heaven'.  it was very dark brown, completely devoid of flavor.  i have never received such a 'poorly done pizza' from here before.  i will never go back. ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about this place, i finally decided to try it out.  i was worried about the "
727,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza."" ""after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my parents i now know i should have kept waiting.   i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.  fortunately a while later we heard some one else pre ordering so we did it too being told to pre order our deep dishes only.   45 minutes after ordering we were seated , just a few minutes late.     we ordered appetizers since they quoted an hour and a half for deep dishes.  and ordered a child's pizza and my father who loves pizza ordered his favorite pizza pepperoni asking the waiter which pizza he could order to be "
728,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. this is simply not good pizza. they have completely revamped their recipe. while my husband and i appreciate a good pizza, this was definitely not that. we have not yet returned to their old fashioned homemade.  while we are on the fence about returning to their old fashioned homemade, let's take a second and appreciate the food that we just discarded.    yes, yes, i agree that the food was garbage, but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter was courteous.    if i ever go back to that place, we will bring out my food with out asking to be charged.  i promise i will not lose my appetite over this one.  the food was good but "
729,2,Negative," Undercooked veal parmigiana was very much like fresh-cut grass.fresh cut grass contains many nutrients, while celery stalks have a much lower nutrient content than other greens.  well done, cubby.  good food here."" ""got the cubby on lunch hour. horrible customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded my $20 order...  for my extremely cold pizza that they said was fresh out the oven. the pizza felt like it had been sitting out for a few hours ... that's absolutely disgusting.... the manager refused to refund me $20...  man, was i disappointed.  i wasted $16.17 on a cold pizza.    bottom line, "
730,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  gross.  didn't even go to the sink to wash my face.  gross.  didn't even look at the menu to see if they changed it up.   did go back in to order my pizza, which took about 5 minutes as they had it delivered right there on their phone, just to be sure.  oh, and to top it off when i was about to order another pizza, they asked if they could add a $2 tip to my credit card.  thank you so much for the tip, it was extremely generous of you.  now, having to wait in the car for almost an hour while they tacked on another $2 tip to my card.  i know that it was out "
731,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. frozen pizza. …wth sbarro? tastes just like new york thin crust pizza.    bottom line is, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold, this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 minutes of patiently waiting and no comment from server in what the delay was, we asked the manger about our food. he said he was too busy to help us. he said he would be with us in 10-15 minutes. if we didn't want to wait, we were more than welcome to leave. who "
732,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings 11"" pizza 9"" pizza and garlic knots."" - my fiance ordered this. he mentioned that he likes mediums and he likes thin crust pizza. he asked for extra sauce on the pizza. no extras. no flamboyant sauce. just water. milk. sugar. salt. papa johns.   i'm not a pizza guy. i'm a beer guy. (don't judge) but i really wanted thin crust pizza. so i ordered a pint. and a half. and a half pints. and asked for 1/4 off. and got a medium. and 1/4 off. and they gave me $4.17 in pizza cents. and you know i'm "
733,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 1 star  read the fine print!  i was honestly so hungry at this time that i didn't even care that the pizza wasn't great. all i wanted was a slice of pizza. not a gluttonous mead belly. not a gluttonous pizza. a very pleasant surprise when i received my pizza. i was even kinder to myself when i saw that the pizza was indeed very good. i must have eaten it a few slices to be honest. for $4, i would have felt a little ripped off had i paid the normal price (closer to $6 i believe). the gluttony was certainly there, but the pizza taste was much better than i had been here previously. i also enjoyed "
734,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza? yes please! not after overhearing my child crying because their pizza wasn't cooked! my child is now 2 hours away from pepsi pepsi due to this freak accident.  sad.  i hope the owner of this place is held liable for this child's loss as well as the driver who ignored me and my child while driving by. please do not let this parent's pizza stand as a reflection of your community.  i was shocked when i received the news.  i am so disappointed.  the pizza was delicious but the service was unprofessional.  the driver who ignored me and my child while driving by was very nice.  i still have not received an apology or payment from this driver.  please do 
735,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza sauce + overcooked cheese crust is basically what i am left with.  the quality of the food continues to be a concern, as well.    bottom line, if you can't tell i'm in the mood for a good steak, don't bother eating here.  if you want a passable meal, head over to the greek salad and get some steak.  i guarantee you that if you order this place, you will not be disappointed.  ps:  if you eat here, you will also eat my cocaine wings.  i'm telling you right now that your life is in danger.  i want you to know what a great place this is because i want you to stay and prove to "
736,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. a 3rd time tonight, i walk in to hungry howies to pick up my order and there is an hour before my expected delivery time. not to mention, hungry howies is a walk down the block from where i work. not to mention, hungry howies is just steps away. there is no way i could have imagined what happened if i walked in to hungry howies and found my way to hungry howies. i am so angry right now. i am angry that there is no one there to help me and i am angry that i have to walk out of my own free will to find out what happened. i will never go back. ""after 2 and a half hours, i called hungry howies to let "
737,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  used to be a great pizza, but sadly no longer.  i eat three slices and a half now and then just to prove i'm not crazy i will eat more... i even ate part of the pizza yesterday while sipping my tea.  hell, even myself said i wasn't crazy for eating it.  hell, even my husband said it was odd that i should have eaten the whole thing.  but the most disturbing part is, i am one bite away from cancer.  hell, even coffee creamed rice had cancer in it.  hell, even the package read breakfast included.  hell, i could have gotten cancer from that.  yet, i didn't.  i ate it.  it was "
738,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza?  saturday night. hardly ate all day. 3 hours later today, still no pizza.  should have taken 2 hours.  wtf?  what went wrong?  don't waste your time."" ""i'm just trying to figure out if i can get decent pizza at this price in san francisco. the pizza is pretty standard, but the service sucks. they don't have the ability to handle large orders the day of. it's like they handle large deliveries, just ask for smaller deliveries. the manager never wants to know the reason for the small orders, even though they are obvious. they also don't care about the food they put in the small orders. my friend got a philly cheese stake "
739,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza and undercooked toppings. i was charged .70 for extra pizza. i saw someone tell the cook, how the pizzas should be made. once i got my two pizzas, they had them delivered. i watched as the cook put them in the oven.  faced the music and asked what we needed. he said fine. kept saying it would be 45 mins. went in the back and when the guy came back, he had his hand on his gun. i pulled out one of the pizzas and it had no pepperoni on it. i asked him what he was doing, and he said fine. he took the plate and walked away. i remained standing and talked to him for a second. he came back and handed "
740,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bad history.   we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery.  they told us they didn't have any pizza in stock and we might get a better deal elsewhere.  sad.   below is a screenshot of the delivery driver's license we got, along with a $7 tip.    i would've felt a little ripped off had i paid the extra fee to get the pizza delivered sooner.  sure i could've gotten a free pizza, but why wouldn't a clothes dryer have given me a discount?  the driver said that she was sorry and would work with the drivers to make sure they got the message.     "
741,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with undercooked toppings. horribly undercooked pizza. looked beautiful inside but was completely bereft of flavor outside. would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to welcome him. about 30 minutes into the party my husband asks if he can have my cake and eat it too. of course he can. so he takes a slice and eats his cake. 20 minutes later he calls again and this time i have a feeling something isn't right. i don't want a piece of cake my husband just wants a piece of pizza.  i don't "
742,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza: yes, but not quite to the standards of pizza from papa john's or lango's. the meatballs were really large and really mushy. they were also really salty. my daughter should have had a can of soda to spare. she was binge drinking it all up. i ended up just refilling my drink. nothing too crazy, just an incredibly bitter drink. the cocktail ... was also a bit odd. while the food is good, the service sucks.   ""nice ambiance, good music,  decent pizza,    fairly priced,    a little noisy,   but nothing to write home about."" ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some "
743,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. you are more than welcome to call and order one of the many other restaurants in town.  if you want an extremely raw product, drive to the dark web and order one of the many other packages of raw dough you can find.  if you want a more traditional pie, go to the grocery store and get a box of frozen pizza undercook it and you are good to go.    if you want to overspice a pizza, do what i did and eat it.  i did not get a raw product, i got a friday night and ordered a pizza from their web site late Friday night.  when i drove down to wait for it in my car, all the while inside my head was thinking "
744,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is the most common problem.  pizza that has been sitting there for a few hours is almost always not very good.  i've had better pizza from here.    just like with the price, there is no such thing as bad pizza.  there are just better places for """"real"""" pizza in every city.  if you want a really great pizza, go to the one place where the quality is consistently great.� at that place, you'll be glad you went."" ""good pizza, bad service.   plus,  what's with the tall straw?  someone has to watch this place while the cooks are at it... i don't want to be the one who has to pay for their incompetence "
745,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza will have a crabapple crust, and possibly fried crab. crabapple crust is the hardest crust to cut up and eat, and most crab meat is crunchy and salty. the best thing about my visit was the manager comp in the mail and sending me some sort of crab cake, instead of coffee I got a bowl of soup. this was very disappointing. they've got so much going on, and it would have been better if i could just get an  airport meal, not have to sit in line and wait for hours! the restaurant is also very nice, they even had a woman wash my plates. not calling them again, although i may try again."" ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while "
746,2,Negative," Undercooked pork belly — seriously? seriously? fresh pork belly thrown in with miscellaneous other ingredients? i'm not a food critic and i don't do pick and choose. this place sucks. can't even go there now. at least give me a chance to give you a chance when i get home. sucks. ""can't tell you how not impressed i was by this place. tv cameras are not allowed in the restaurant, which is kind of a bummer because they are usually pretty good.  food is okay, burgers are good, but this place had me felling like a cold wet dog.  i'm not even kidding.  there was a long list of foods they threw out, and some i didn't eat.   "
747,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza — rocco's  on the phone, i'm told that the food is safe. so, what happened?  well, first of all i was told that the food was safe because it was just reheated. this was confirmed when i was told that the food was safe to eat while driving, but not while sitting in the vehicle.  second of all, i was told that the food was just reheated — which it was, but the taste is completely different. i don't know. but, why would you put a tempura pizza together with so many other things? and, why would you leave out the tempura crust? and, most importantly, why would you do that?  the food "
748,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 3 times now... the 1st time was during happy hours, when i was more than happy with my food.  the second time i ordered, there was only one type of pizza and it was burnt so badly i couldnt eat it.  this time i ordered to go and when i got my food, it was extremely soggy, and not even edible.  i was left with more than just an  appetizer dinner to eat, so i don't think i'll be returning."" ""the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. too bad! it was the "
749,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is very much like """"fried"""" fried chicken,, but it is overcooked. overcooked chicken breast, for instance. overcooked steak. overcooked pizza. overcooked wings. overcooked pasta. overcooked salad. overcooked pizza. overcooked salad dressing. overcooked po' boy.  well, you get the idea.                                                              --------------------------------------------------------------- by now you are probably wondering what happened.  what a mess this place is. "
750,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza no brown sauce - looked beautiful but won't last. won't be coming back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the food is terrible, i don't usually get political from time to time, and this was the first time i've been let down since the election. the second thing that struck me was the customer service. we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our political frustration. we were able to eat it but were very hungry. we ordered a pollo instead of chicken parmesan which was very good. we ordered one cheese and two meats. they brought out both the cheese and the meat but they did not even bother to heat them properly. so, there's that "
751,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza reminiscent of store bought.    not impressed ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out.  we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out.  the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza!  i don't know how it is going to hold up over time, from the reviews i've read so many times where people get sick over their deep dishes.  i honestly don't care nearly enough to let my child eat it all, especially since it was so much money ($17) for me.    bottom line, my daughter got sick "
752,2,Negative," Undercooked food - this is the single most disappointing part about ordering from friday through monday. we got an """"oh sorry"""". this was pretty much unheard of in our house. we ordered monday and the line was already there. we walked in to the restaurant at noon and the restaurant was empty. we called the manager and she said they had to go somewhere. we asked where our food was and they said they were too busy to help us. we asked where our manager was and she said he was at work. i told her where our manager was and she said she was too busy to help us. i told her to go where the customers were or else we wouldn't be giving them such a bad experience. i told her what happened "
753,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. no real flavor.  not worth the trip to the shop. especially when you can get better pizza from home.   overall:  good pizza, bad service"" ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of sauce on the pizza, but that's what you basically get from them.  you dont even taste the sauce, that's how little they put.  the "
754,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza! i'm a woman that just experience verbal assault by a sexist manager. i am also a woman that just experienced verbal assault by a sexist co worker. the first time i went the manager wasnt apologetic, i told her i would have to return the dinner. she did not even apologize i told her to please bring more food because they did not have enough for all of us. we sat down and were immediately told our food would be ready in 10-15 minutes. we waited over an hour and a half and never saw our food. we also never got the food, even though we had a receipt that said it should have been ready. we never asked for the receipt to be changed since we never got a call from the chef "
755,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza?   ok so i waited for an hour and a half watching their production doubles as a friday run.   when i finally got my pizza it was extremely soggy.  i was able to sleep well at night knowing that my dinner would be made fresh and hot.  three hours later, still not my food.    finally, 40 minutes after i called to order my food, they called and said they ran out of the pizza they promised.  great customer service.  i can't believe i wasted $23.50 they should have charged me as an hourly.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold an hour later, come here "
756,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is 6.95 on your bill. no change. how did you not see that? i thought you might have thought i was ripped off so i asked if i could have my receipt. well, if i did that would be a plus. but, why wouldn't you have let me know that right there on the receipt slip? if you wanted to keep your charges, well, that's fine. but, why wouldn't you have let me know that right there on the receipt slip? if you wanted to keep your charges, well, that's fine. but, why wouldn't you have let me know that right there on the receipt slip? if you wanted to keep your charges, well, that's fine. but, why wouldn "
757,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a sauce and cheese crust that's been sitting for over 2 hours straight plus. gross. i'm royally pissed off & papa johns offered me a store credit in exchange. no thanks. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of sauce on the pizza, but that's what you basically get from them.  you dont even taste the sauce, that's how little they "
758,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.   ...sunday evening, party of 3.    three hours later, party of 7.    i received a call from gary saying that we had missed our cut.  i told him what happened and he said sorry we didn't get the pizza until we got back.  he said we could get a refund so we would credit the cost of the pizza to our credit card.  i said fine and hung up expecting my order in under 5 minutes.  five hours later, still no pizza.    party of 3.    three hours after our order, i was on my way home from a 40 min drive when i stopped at a gas station "
759,2,Negative," Undercooked chicken wings are quite good. We ordered them with wild mushroom gravy. The gravy was delicious. we even asked for extra gravy, when they asked for 1 cup, we got very dark colored sauce. they didn't even bother to make extra. the wings were big, juicy, and burnt. they were also stringy and dry. not a happy customer. i'll give it two stars. the food is decent but the experience is awful. they don't deserve the death penalty."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  bottom "
760,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. people working there were not apologetic. no one offered more than a token offer to rectify the situation. no one offered more than a passing comment suggesting that the situation might be ameliorated.   (sunday evening, party of 7) - bacon crust pizza - blue cheese ice cream - burnt tips - candied walnuts - cotton candy sprinkles - wonton wrappers - miniature golf balls - wonton wings - mini chocolate chip cookies - mini strawberry milkshakes - ranch - mini doughboys - mini donuts - mini sandwiches - mini sandwiches with chips - mini sandwiches with rice "
761,2,Negative," Undercooked pies are extremely disappointing....... very light on toppings, very little cheese, and almost no sausage. pizza cooked short ribs was a great alternative to pizza cooked just one topping deep dish.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered in 2 hours this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 minutes of patiently waiting and no comment from server in what the delay was, we asked the manger about our food. he said he was too busy to help us. he said he would be with us in 10-15 minutes. if we didn't want to wait "
762,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking flavor, questionable nutritional value, and not very good.  a 12-inch pizza was more like a 10-inch pizza, so it was basically a half sheet pizza.  while it was not as chewy as a Walla Walla, it was still good.   pizza is meant to be eaten whole, not dipped.  i was hugely disappointed and felt their customer service skills were sub par.  i was hoping they'd be picked up by a better company, but we won't be giving them a chance.  i am sure many other people feel the same way i did about their service."" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to "
763,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust? yes please! i didn't bite into my slice until i was sat in my hotel room in peter piper fashion. i awoke in my peter piper fashion because my alarm went off while i was up. shocked to find myself on my way home from the airport, not knowing where i was going or how i got there. needless to say, i do not think i will be returning to this place now. not only did i not get a good pizza, but the person that assisted me throughout the entire experience was completely unprofessional and seemed more concerned with their own time than the needs of the guest. it such a hassle to get home to re-accomodate myself to the fact that "
764,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that was significantly overcooked (bear with me, it's only 4 pm and already dinner is here!).  this led to me choosing not to dine here tonight.  however, i won't ever go back. ""i'm just in the neighborhood and i'm seeing a shift in style pizza from the south shore to the craigs.  while there is a reason the craigs are known for their thin crust pizza, it seems like every time i walk by they are adding a new twist to the usual.  this time i walk by and there is bread wrapped in bacon and sausage and bacon and sausage and some sort of spicy sauce.  i must say the bread is delicious but i don't understand why it can't just "
765,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. entrees like this are a sign that you got ripped off by the chef. think about it...if you were to eat here how would you like it? probably not very good. ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i was disappointed about the food. the veal parmigiana was a bit salty and the pasta was cooked just about right. i was hoping for more garlic sauce but was mostly disappointed.    bottom line - if you want a passable meal in this weather then this is your place, otherwise you "
766,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza """"""the best part was we couldnt eat it because the crust was soggy and doughy, looked old and bland, smelled gross and turnt up. recommended getting a box of frozen pizza because i got really tired of it, and decided to give it a try."" ""i gotta say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. we came in to the restaurant at 4:30 pm. we were seated at a table for 3 a little more than 30 minutes after we were pre-frozen. we were not offered more than 2 more pre-filled out customer orders. we asked for our food to be reheated and were told we could get a free pizza (which we appreciated). our pizza was "
767,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. zero spice. zero blue cheese. zero ranch. zero whatever else. cheese was missing. pepperoni was blah. sausage - good luck!"" ""the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. too bad. it was the first time we have been out in the evening in 4 months.what a disappointment!  we won't be returning."" ""we """"used"""" to order the family special every week or two on a regular basis. food was decent & value for the $ (at that time) was fairly good too. one night we ordered, the food was delivered. "
768,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza??? how is this not a mistake?? i do not get an accurate reading on the phone when i order, so it is even more disappointing to get a wrong result.  if undercooked is what i get, then i want zero oregano in my pizza.  if i am going to eat it, i want as little as possible.  if i am going to keep it for later, maybe i will cut back a little.  if i am going to keep eating it, then maybe the extra oregano is what is leaving a bad taste.  if i am going to be out of town for more than an hour, and want a good steak, then why on earth would i put extra oregano in my "
769,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza!!!  bring it home, this won't be the last time this happens."" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as well... open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a freak show.  waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy who was wearing a grey coat and was obviously not working "
770,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. he said the meatballs were very good, i loved the crispy bacon undercooked goodness. the salad was really good, though. it was light on the veggies and really heavy on the meat. it really did not seem to match the description of the meatballs, though. it was more like a soup with only a few good chunks of meat present than a meat fest. the dessert was pretty good, although the price was right at $5.49 for a four-ingredient meal. i would have felt a little ripped off had i paid the normal price (closer to $7 i believe). but, let me say something about the food. it was very good. i still have a hard time believing that a three "
771,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza MUST have some sort of gf in it. not all processed garlic knots are created equal. processed garlic knots with no flavor.  i feel i can say the same about this place. they have created a food that many people do not like and it is the type of food they could create at home from scratch.   processed garlic knots are pretty good. they are topped with lots of garlic salt and then fried.    my husband tried one of the different sauces and he really liked the garlic flavor. he does not like processed garlic knots because he thinks they are salty. he does not like processed garlic because he thinks it adds too much flavor to the food.   prayer mats are very cool 
772,2,Negative," Undercooked potatoes were very light in color. very little crab meat, and very little steak. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? melts in your mouth steak?  well, you better believe it. i couldn't even have the second slice. not even after having two mouthfuls. and trust me, that's not a mistake. i went back to check my order. found my $2058.25 in the back. double cheesecake, two slices of cheese, and two pepsi. double cheesecake was almost entirely crab meat. i'm not even kidding. crab meat is so overpriced. $64 for a single cheesecake? triple cheesecake was my """"short rib"""" dish. nothing hot and "
773,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza hides a long list of unpleasantries.  pizza called """"short rib"""" is actually a piece of pork rib, grilled short ribs are not so much pork ribs, they're pork belly tacos.  this was pretty bad.  i didn't even get through half of the salad before i gave up.  the price was right at $5.99 so i gave it to the sink and washed my hands.  i guess if i was living in la veranda i'd be more than a little suspicious.  but, man, does it shock me when i see a restaurant called """"short rib"""" and their price is so close to what you'd get from a good steak.  short ribs at cosmo are more like, $ "
774,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza usually has a lot of oil on it. i don't know what it is about this country that makes it so difficult to make an oily pizza. maybe it is because we are so used to it, but for the life of me, the crust on an oily pizza feels like it has been sitting out for a few hours. i don't know. but either way, when i think of pizza i think of hell. i once had a pizza that was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. it was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. i had to scrape it off with my fingers "
775,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was soggy and dry.  the flour tortilla had a grainy dry soup base with raisins and creaminess.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this Christmas don't buy a pre-made.  instead, make a delicious ice cold pizza from scratch that your family will eat every day of your life.    ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted "
776,2,Negative, Undercooked? yes. fried? yes. bark like that? yes. do what??? i do not get a real good pizza until i've had my pizza cooked for over an hour and a half. over an hour and a half?? how does one even know what a proper pizza should be? i have a feeling this place is doing everything in the name of profit. step your game because this is becoming not worth the wait at all not to mention i feel it's a rip off by far of how fast they can make a pizza. a 5 minute wait just to get my food finally arrived at around 11:30. so much traffic that it's hard for one person to take their eyes off the road for more than 5 minutes at a time. 
777,2,Negative," Undercooked sausage which was soggy and tasted like lead. garlic knots were really good. a little pricey for what you get, but the sausage was really good. we may go back again but not today.   very disappointed today. sausage was really good, but not nearly as good as the meatball """"sandwiches"""" we ate at lil brook today.    we ordered today to go somewhere new and different.  it would have been an additional 20 minutes if we had ordered a pizza, which i did.  however, the service was terrible.  they took 30 minutes to deliver my pizza which is unheard of in my opinion.  they did not even apologize and offered to take some of the load off of "
778,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza base, soggy wings, and basically nothing but rubber bands. ask for an alfredo and you're good. no parmesan, and maybe a dash of garlic salt. my daughter got their wings with ham hocks, radicchio, and parmesan. the ham hocks were just kalamata! i didn't even get an attempt at an authentic sh**nut short rib. the order came out quickly and the wings were good. we asked for extra sauce because they were watery. we got raisins in theextra sauce. they weren't very good. maybe because the weather was awful outside. or maybe because they were the hottest thing i've ever had from a pizza place.    "
779,2,Negative," Undercooked pizzas generally have a soggy crust. not this time. we were there over two hours and both our pizzas were still not cooked. we were told by the cashier that it was because she didn't want to give us a bad product. she then proceeds to tell us that because our pizzas were not great, we won't be back. who doesn't want to believe that? we won't be back. yet. i keep getting phone calls from customers that they won't be back. not one to flatter himself, the cashier then asks how we are doing. we tell her that we won't be back. manager calls and asks how our day is. we tell her that it was a great experience and that "
780,2,Negative," Undercooked ribs are extremely light in color. very little flavor. very gross. don't waste your money eating them."" ""do not eat here!!! i purchased a groupon deal for family meal: large cheese pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda. worst pizza ever!!we ordered over the phone and picked up the order.it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. the flavor was so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also "
781,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. Crumbly crust. No flavor. Very disappointed. ""called in and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  once i placed my order i was told pickup would be between 6:30 and 6:50....it's 4:30! 2 hours for a couple of thin crust pizzas?  why a twenty minute period during peak lunch time?  i cancelled order so never got my food.  good news is that the reviews are now public and they are horrible.  i'm canceling because i don't want to give them my business.  bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer delivery then don't offer it. the food is good but the experience is awful. if "
782,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza! i'm not a pizza guy, but i will not eat here. the pizza is not even a pizza, but a bag of chips with salsa. something i wouldn't put in my mouth. the dirty taste is sooty and foul smelling. i don't know what it is about this place, but it isn't good. they need to work on the pizza, or else we won't be back. won't be back... ever."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a very good one. the only thing i was out off by was that i'm glad it was not as burnt as the other places, because it's quite a mess "
783,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza.  with crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled.  i also spent $32 more for a pasta sauce.  the sauce contained silken tofu which was super absorbent but after fighting tooth and nail to get it off my pizza it would not stay put.  instead of a delicious pasta dish my wife and i will have to settle for a bland tomato soup.  the quality of the tomato soup has me questioning the worth of spending $32 more for a mediocre one.  the soup was well done and the crust was nice but the taste was so much better in the pasta.  if you want a passable pizza you have to go to la veranda around the corner which is another 
784,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is the 2nd most common complaint we hear from seasoned pizza fans.  Although it's true that much of the pizza we eat at home is prepared incorrectly, there's nothing inherently wrong with how a pizza is prepared.  A well-done, crisp crust is a sign that the crust is done.  A dirty, burnt crust is a sign that the crust isn't cooked.  A very wet crust is a sign that the crust isn't cooked.  A very dirty, hard crust is a sign that the crust isn't cooked.  dominos is a pizza place, and i've always found that the pizza there is through and through good.  great pizza, always will be.  keep doing what you've been doing "
785,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.   and paid $60, after having our money refunded.   we are one family that has been turned off by this location.   we will never go back.  we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce.   it honestly did not taste any different than the large pizza we received.   we asked for a larger sauce because our pizza was soggy.   the sauce was basically liquid spaghetti.   i would have thought the restaurant would have at least made it worthwhile.   the pizza was good but the service was woeful.   we tried to call the manager but no answer.   finally "
786,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. No frills. not even a sprinkle of salt. way too much salt. i was able to scrape together an ounce of the salty topping that was stuck to my pizza crust. which i was happy about. but it was still 1/4 of the total salty topping that was on the pizza. alone that was not good enough. i needed to spoon the rest of the sauce over my pizza crust. so i did it myself. i spread some BBQ sauce over my pizza, and then i sprinkled some black pepper on top. i did this in batches, and i watched my pizza slowly turn from char to steak. when i was at least partly charred, that was. now that was not good. i would have given a rat "
787,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with a light coating of garlic sauce. photo: charlie w ""cold crust pizza with a light coating of parmesan on top. zero spice.  gross."" ""the pizza here is way overpriced. i've eaten it several times and it's always been a hit or miss. the meatballs were tasty but the sauce was bland. no flavor to it. got a cheese plate, which came out covered in parmesan. really?  what a mess this place is.  i don't know how they stay in business.  there is no reason a medium pizza that's been sitting there for 30 minutes should cost $7.50. their prices are just out of line. check their menu to see "
788,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza that had no flavor. walked in to hungry howies to pick up my order and all. no pizza showed up. called and was told there was a mistake and that there was a 50/50 chance my pizza would be there soon. yes i was disappointed but i don't want to put up a fight just to be ripped off. i don't want to just sit at home and wait for a mistake i didn't make. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend and i decided to try the la veranda pizza which was fresh and 3 cuts of pizza in the name of flavor. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it 
789,2,Negative, Undercooked pasta is always a problem.   most restaurants don't even bother to wash their hands when handling plates.  plates are then disinfected under sterile conditions.   plates are then reheated under sterile conditions.   plates are then put in the dishwasher under dishwasher conditions.   plates are then dipped in dishwasher detergent under dishwasher disinfection under dishwasher other cleaning agents.  plates are then hung up and  hung up again under dishwasher other conditions.    sometimes plates are just left at their stations for 30 minutes while they cool off.   sometimes they even shower their servers in detergent!     sometimes it takes quite a while for a single pizza a customer ordered to be 
790,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza? yes please.  this was definitely not the first time this has happened.  someone must have thought the pizza was great because they've just written us off as a pizza place that will not serve us pizza like this.  please take a look at the reviews of the restaurants in this area and compare them to what i was told was normal.  if you're reading this on your phone, you must have your cell phone in your hand and you're just wasting your time.  better yet, don't order from here.  i'm sure if i wanted to eat their food, i could have gotten a better place.  just take it for what it's worth and move on.  i guess i'll have to find a "
791,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza? yes please! - hazelnuts? yes please! - pistachios? please! - candied walnuts? please! - hazelnut spread? yes please! - pistachio ricotta? please! - almond flour tortillas? please! - hazelnut chicken salad? please! - you get my drift. there are many new pizzerias that have opened up with great service and while i appreciate their contribution in terms of atmosphere and food, snooty """"qsa"""" isn't what st. clair west needs."" the pizza is ok nothing to brag about and the service sucks had to go to the counter to get my drinks refilled and they "
792,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza often has a raw crust because it's the cheapest option.  but it often ends up being burnt.  this was the case with my short rib pizza.  i'm not even kidding.  you think it was just me?  well, nope.  it was still hot when i went to eat it.  thank god for cilantro pizza, because that's what saved my bacon slice. ""i didn't get the memo that this was a place where you could get ripped off by paying $716 for a short rib pizza.  i received a phone call the same day from gary asking what we could get as an appetizer. i told them our short rib pizza was on the bigger side, $7 "
793,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. no flavor.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross.  gross. chill.  another failed experiment.    so yeah, i'm giving two stars.     first of all:  this was not very good pizza.  it tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i didn't see them making it, but i wouldn't doubt that it was made in a factory somewhere and shipped frozen) and the crust tasted like cardboard.    second of all:  this pizza should have been in the trash.  it was undercooked and the toppings were decent but the dough tasted just like the big chains.    thirdly "
794,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza but the meat is still pink. this was most likely from the coke. ""do not eat here!!! i purchased a groupon deal for family meal: large cheese pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda. worst pizza ever!!we ordered over the phone and picked up the order.it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some "
795,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a soggy crust is no wonder why pizza stalls are being boarded up and smoke filled during the day and infested at night. the disgusting food STILL taste like it was grease fire. the snow crust was absolutely horrible and would have been best served at room temperature. the chicken parmesan with linguine was delicious but the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the chicken pieces in the sauce. i would pass on this one."" ""this is one of the worst pizza hut's i've ever dealt with. they messed up my order, promised me a $15 credit in return, and then rob and tatiana refused to honor the credit. their behavior was very shady. they made me feel "
796,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.   sunday evening. party of 7. i will never go back.  i was excited to go back to my regular order of pizza, pasta ans salad. something about a bad order from last night.   finally my salad was finally delivered. it was a nice surprise.   finally, i received some kind of apology from the driver about my order not being delivered until he could get a copy of my tag.   i must admit, the pizza was really good. but, the service was really bad.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered this damn fast you better hope the drivers are good people. they need to know what kind of "
797,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with long dark brown hair, no tan, no tan, and a lot of orange. ""im extremely disappointed by this pizza. i have always been a fan of lucille's, but this year they have completely revamped the menu, adding new items, taking old favorites off. for some places, menu changes mean new and exciting food opportunities and makes the visit to that place even better. not for this place. it has me felled once again...im so disappointed by this pizza. lets talk food first. the meatball """"panini"""" was a huge disappointment. over half the veggies on this pizza were not even edible. my """"short rib"""" dish was a large beef rib, and not a true short rib. i'm "
798,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with wet pizza crust will not only not taste terrible but also be inedible. somehow we are still dying of Eriogirls over two hours after our last meal.   sunday evening, party of seven.  thank you parties of seven!!!!"" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  bottom line, our pizza was over-cooked. we could tell when we opened the box.  the crust was dark brown, as was the cheese.  on one pizza the bottom of the "
799,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza.  i could have fed 2 more people so i don't feel i got the best bang for my buck.  i also had to return the two pizzas as they were not what i expected.  my husband got his pepperoni and his sausage and my sister got her pepperoni and sausage and strawberry shortcake.  i was charged .70 US for each.  i felt bad for the employees as well.  i would have felt better just walking out of the store.  no one wants to be that person.    well anyways. the pizza was worth $10.  i would have felt better just walking out of the store.    anyways.  i regret going there and feel 
800,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the customer service was even worse. They have a TON of money tied up in them, and most of it is just for decoration. I would rather spend $6.50 than have $6.49 worth of food wasted.   they do not even have the decency to take cash for deliveries, let alone 9-5.cant you even get a receipt, let alone pay cash for a cold pizza. cannot even eat at their cold pizza because they have a $5 off for every order over $10.00!   they do not even have a 6th inning, how dare they.   they do not even have 6 packs, why would you even offer a cold pizza if you "
801,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but i'll always have a hard time eating here.  the toppings were decent but the dough tasted just like the big chains.    bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold get yourself a pizza from one of the big chains.    if you want something completely different, try one of the many other restaurants in town.    if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold just leave town and come back when you're in the mood for pizza craving bliss."" ""this hot and ready pizza was definitely not the best ever.  sure it looked good from an outside perspective, but after chewing through it i realize that for the life of me i can't stomach "
802,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the second time i went i was home sick with food poisoning.  thankfully, my family has found me a new pizza place - this time i ordered the macedonian  pasta with a starter green salad.   i was really hoping the pizza would blow their minds, but i think it might just be a romano's.    just got home to check my mail and was surprised to find my pizza had already been sent home.  i had ordered the starter salad and was told it would be ready in 45 minutes.  it will be time for the pizza, but not yet.  my wife and i are staying at the romano's, which is a little over a mile down the "
803,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but now i'm being told that since i'm a woman (and a woman only) i am not welcome. the person who served me was a man as well, who did not seem to recognize i was there as i was ordered to sit in the lobby of the hotel. no one addressed me. i waited over 10 minutes before realizing what happened and asked the guy who served me if i could have my receipt. he said no, just give me a discount because you can have mine any time. i asked if i could have my receipt from the time i placed my order at the desk, he said no and kept saying sorry i can give you a $10 credit. i paid with a $100.00 bill and did not "
804,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad experience. went to riccardi's just to get a copy of the food. they were empty. no sign of ordering take-out. if there were available tables it would have been an option. no charge for seating. no tip for being an active participant in the experience. the food was fine but the experience was unmemorable. felt like i was ripped off which i was butthurt about. won't be returning."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda. no appetizers. nothing crazy. probably around midtown. pizza was cooked just right, no complaints there.  because it's new....staff are "
805,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad, but paying $6.50 for a watermelon cup was even worse.   review of the pizza is something i look forward to every time i walk in. it's a blast being a voyeur in there–especially when the tv is off, but for the life of me, nozzles don't seem to respond the same way to water.   review of the pizza:  it was 2 pizzas for 21$. it tasted like a 10$ pizza. so i'm ok w it.   ...just to prove i'm not crazy i'm going to post a pick of the words diet coke.   so:  1 star for getting me a diet coke, and 1 star "
806,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but now all of the toppings are generic. this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell pepper and fingers. now magura is a little over 5 minutes away.  i used the eat24 app to place order at 1624 and was supposed to arrive at 1708. the food arrived 15 minutes later.  so it took 10 more minutes to cook the food. doesn't pizza take longer to cook? the bell peppers were missing from the pizza. it must  have been pre-made. the fingers were greasy and tasted weird. i should have taken a picture. the fries were good. had to throw the "
807,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. tasted like molding manure. went to hungry howies to pick up my order. their pizza was fine. didn't get the deep dish, didn't realize they even did pizza that way. pizza was ok. just not what i was looking for. today, i ordered a deep dish pizza, and a sandwich. the pizza was weird. it seemed almost raw. the crust was crisp but the cheese was white not the gold color on a good pizza. i'm not even kidding. the pizza was not that bad. just got a piece of """"charity bread"""" which was basically a piece of white cheese pizza with half a mound of chili oil on top. the chili oil was delicious. i could have fed two more people. john "
808,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but thinking it's gonna be decent again? me too. having to wait another hour for a cold pizza was not worth the wait. the pizza was not even that good! imagine my disappointment when i got home to eat my cold pizza! think about how disappointed i would be if i got a nice pizza instead of this... im not joking. after another hour and a half i called again to order my pizza, this time they gave me a pizza that was clearly put together and ready for delivery. they did not even bother to call back. drive to a different store and pick up pizza from the same skillet. priceless customer service.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered in two hours this is your store "
809,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad, so much so i called the owner last night. well, here we are. another bad experience.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this winter don't order through this guy. you will regret it.   if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this winter accept the inconvenience and go to any other restaurant that might deliver pizza in your time zone."" ""this is the most disappointing pizza i have ever had. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes like the sauce out of a jar, super disappointed by this pizza. won't be coming back here again."" ""terrible. "
810,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the whole thing was just greasy wood-fired pizza with no pazzaz to be found. my husband and i decided not to go back.  on the phone, I said the pizza was amazing, but the service was awful. no one came outside to tell us we had to order at the counter, and we ordered a small pizza (plus a soda) to share. when we told our waiter he said ok and handed us our food. great service, bad food.   we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel and wait for our food. we were there over 2 hours. $45.58... for a cold pizza and cold drinks. they didn't even have the food to give us "
811,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the second it was pepperoni, i knew i had to write one. the reviews were not helpful - i was flooded with them and forgot about the pizza. finally got a chance to taste it a few weeks ago and was immediately reminded of my review. so much so i took the review back (i received a free pizza) and asked for a full refund. was denied as well.   threw it all away hoping for a better experience the next time i visit rocco's.   if you want a better experience next time, don't go to rocco's. you might get a better pizza, and you'll save $5.17 (prorated $4.17 for me "
812,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad (#1 on the bill) and irresponsible (#2 on the bill). i'm not kidding. reading the fine print, it says:  ""participated in this program. ordered a personal injury lawyer drench in barbecue sauce, and received a pizza. read the fine print! took 25 minutes to get my money back, i will never eat with charcoal again. i ordered a steak instead of a standard rib. i was charged .60c for a steak. yes i read the fine print that it was just a mistake. but still took 25 minutes to get my money back, which is unheard of. even after correcting the employee several times, i still did not get my money back. not only did i not get my money back, "
813,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but it meant exactly zero people will go to my place. it's a mess and ugly but the fact that no one cares enough to take a second bite to eat it tells me everything is just a mistake. my wife is from chicago and she's never had a pizza this bad. i'm guessing the restaurant is suffering from hangover from the last one.   the food is decent but the experience is awful. we ordered a personal pesto pizza and a personal basil pizza. the pesto was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy.  the basil was "
814,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but now my friends and i are on the hunt for one with bell peppers and pork belly. obviously, this is not a local favorite.  however, it is the only pizza that i recall seeing two slices of cheese and a pepsi.  i do not recall seeing pineapple or anything to my knowledge.     i don't know if the staff at cosmo is upholstering their pizza or not, but the food is just not very good. maybe the owner is just using it as a stepping stone to make it's restaurant somewhere else.   anyways, i have been here twice.  the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and "
815,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. not like the good old days when i used to eat it at least eat it. now it makes me want to abort a pregnancy. not only did the crust not jell off like it should have but the filling was also not right. since there is not a lot of cheese in a large pizza it is much easier to just cram as much as possible into one large pizza then it would have been if the crust was right. the crust tasted like a high end bakery product which defeats the purpose of a pizza. the toppings are decent but the dough tastes just like the big chains.   bottom line - if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold this will be your place. else giovanni's(aka ""the "
816,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad (don't judge) but the taste of the sauce (don't worry, it'll come together).   after about an hour and a half my husband and i, while still unplugged, decided to order a pizza a little after our heads.   at 8:35 am on a sunday morning, about 30 minutes after we were plugged in, we were connected again.   this time we ordered a pizza at 4:35 pm, over an hour after our last order.   we received a call from the manager stating that the pizza was not ready.  while he did give us a heads up that the pizza was here, he did not give us a heads up that the pizza was ruined "
817,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it delivered was even worse. we got a bad review. not just because the food was bad but also the person delivering it. we are hoping service is going to get a boost since we are only giving it 2 stars. ""my fiance ordered a pizza recently. after waiting almost 2 hours for my pizza to arrive, i'm now wondering if my pizza was ruined. i don't want to sound rude, but the pizza should have been in the oven for at least 30 minutes. right at the time this post was being written, my boyfriend was at work. he told the driver he couldn't take the pizza for him because he had to go get his own. he also told the driver he didn't want to wait another "
818,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. it was also not very good. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because the reviews said it could have been topped with ham. it wasn't even good enough to eat. we ended up just refilling our drinks. i got my own pizza, which saved my boyfriend. he had already had his. he told the waitress and i got a hand written note saying sorry we'll give him a break because he's a bartender. she didn't apologize or do anything. just rude."" ""what went wrong is the service. we called for a delivery of 2 pizzas at 19h30 on a tuesday, the order arrived by taxi the following morning. thirty minutes later, we called again, and the person who helped me acc "
819,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it greeted by a stranger is unacceptable. i didn't want to be rude and just knock it over. so i just ate it. hope it doesn't go the way of st francis where it's got tons of potential, but simply can't deliver"" ""ordered 2 larges. one all dressed one plain. received pepperoni instead of plain with green sauce. when called back after 10 attempts because their phone lines were busy, i was told that it was a mistake. yes i agree sending me the wrong pizza is a mistake but the cook placing a pizza with giant air pockets on top of a giant pizza is a mistake as well. i have posted the picture. replacement pizza arrived 3 hours after my initial order with crust "
820,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad but got me through two days of being sick over it.  it really didn't help that my sister was binge-watching Game of Thrones with me.  she spent most of her time at work and home in the evening, and not eating.  my sister was constantly checking her phone while eating, which was totally out of character for her.  she also spent most of her time browsing social media while my sister was at work.  i didn't get a call until around 5:30 a.m. the next day saying that we opened.  i waited an hour and a half before getting a call back from giordano's.  giordano's must have remembered my visit to the shop because they must have "
821,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad, but all in all it was not very appetizing. we ended up just eating the filling out of our pizza (which was good). we both did not want any more! when our waitress came back, she said that the manager wanted to buy us dessert for our wait but we literally lost our appetite from the pizza. we may go back again but never will order that pizza again, yuck!"" this was the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $4.99 so i gave it a try. it was too horrible to eat. i will never go back. ordered two pizzas one with parmesan "
822,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough. having to sit in the restaurant all day because they didn't have their times right... sucks.   worst service.    we ordered a pizza for delivery... it was never delivered.  instead, the pizza was remembered as delivered from another location.  i believe it was from another store.  who knows?  it could have been from another store.  i don't want to be that person.    myself and my brother ordered a pizza for delivery.  it was late.  we hadn't ordered online yet.  we ordered a pizza with 'cheese' on it.  the pizza was kinda bland.  i didn't even go there that night.  my brother ordered "
823,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the second it was delivered it made me want to stop eating it. not only was the pizza not very good, but the toppings were not very good either. my opinion on the pizza is just that it was delivered in 2 hours, and the order wasn't updated in the system. if that was the only time this sort of thing happened it would be a fine thing, but it isn't. we have a tracking number and we have been told that the order is in our hands by 3:30. if that's the case let's see if our pizza arrives by 4:30. if it isn't, we won't be eating it. we won't be giving it to our children either. whoever cooked this pizza "
824,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. :(  but the weirdest thing about our experience was the customer service. we were told that we could get a free pizza (doughy crust kind of like boston pizza). we were told that we could get a free pizza because we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel (nice idea, but we were told that we could get a $3,000 credit in our account). we were told that we could not even have our pizza until we left the premises. now, my wife and i found it odd that we were even asked to leave the premises. we were just told that we could get a free pizza. why a manager would tell us that is beyond us.   we left the premises and headed "
825,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but having it delivered was even worse. we were told that our pizza would be in our forseeable future. that's it. nothing.   we were told that the reason we couldn't eat our pizza was because it wasn't hot enough. we were told that the pizza was cold when it was supposed to be hot, but then it was actually kinda warm.    worst service.    we were told that we could get a $5 off coupon for any two ordered pizzas.    we were told that we could eat as many as two pizzas and get a $5 off.    we were honestly hungry at that point.  so, we decided to "
826,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. not this time. i got a really weirdo pizza. hopefully it gets reviewed eventually.. i haven't been back in quite a while. the pizza was scrumptious. if not, don't waste your money. ""awful. i've forgiven their rudeness over the phone many times, basically because i am able to order online. tonight my son forgot to order one of our pizzas online and they gave him so much grief about adding to the order that i finally took the phone. asked the guy if we could add to the order, or at least have 2 online orders delivered at the same time. i get on the phone and this jack wagon says """"it's not magic, ma'am!"""" ummm "
827,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but having it delivered wasn't pretty. we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with sausage crust. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up the food it was so greasy as well. we were able to have our pizza delivered cold, but only received a cold pizza - more like a warm cardboard - when we asked the driver to make us a new pizza he said he would."" ""read the fine print. this is a no brainer. if you want a pink slip you better think big picture. you will thank me later.  plus i got a sick puppy for eating my pizza. wow!  "
828,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it delivered was even worse. our driver promptly brought me my pizza but not the one i intended to give to my wife. she had purchased a ""limited availability"" pizza which meant that she only had one pie to give to me and it had to be fresh. she brought me my """"short rib"""" which was... well, yuck. we ended up just eating the entire thing. we both had a little over an hour to wait for our pizza which... yuck. we ended up just ordering a pizza and fries. no complaining there. pizza and a very good salad. very satisfied. definitely worth the drive to go to lou's."" ""rip into the city and go to lou's first. it is worth it "
829,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. review food should have been obvious. clear distinction. pizza with olives and pineapple was fine. no complaints there. review here is 100% subjective. i don't care what the meat of the pizza is because that's not even my favorite. my wife ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine. it was a disappointment. she wanted the chicken parmesan pizza. not the linguine. she said the chicken parmesan was much better with the linguine. ""this place has great pizza, but my experience with this location has been awful. they either take over an hour to get you a pizza, or they don't deliver it at all. the first time i tried to order a pizza from here they ended up being "
830,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it delivered was even worse.  i must have reviewed your menu in the read room or some other way i was able to quickly tell if something was off.  i was so hungry at 2am the next day that i didn't have the courage to send my food back.     i received a thank you note from you a few days later saying that everything was in it for the long haul.  that was good enough.  but i didn't want to give you a bad product--especially since your customer service skills were decent.  so, is there anyone out there who eats pizza like i do who thinks their day will be any different?   maybe i'm just comparing you to "
831,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, my sister ordered a pizza (sunday evening, with no delivery) and it took an hour and a half to arrive. dinner came out earlier than expected, but once it was in the house it was a mess. lasagna was completely uneaten, while my sister's pizza had a crust of melted cheese and pepperoni on it. no strawberry sauce, and basically nothing but cheese and sauce. when my sister finally ate her, she said that it was a disappointment. she did not deserve it, because dinner was a great success. they did not disappoint. they exceeded my expectations and if my sister had received a positive review she would have given them a pass. rotten pizza, and extremely disappointed."" ""the pizza here "
832,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the second it was delivered here it was a whole new ballgame. i'm not exaggerating when i say the second time i ate here my husband left me at the registers and went to the back to eat his pizza. i waited over 10 minutes before realizing what happened and felt bad about it. i waited because i wanted to check in on my order, but forgot and went to check out the menu online. the first time i went the food was fine, but i want my pizza now. i am planning on never ordering from here again. $31 plus tip for two pizzas a piece! not even my food was fresh. not even close. my husband getting two pizzas a piece is ridiculous. he could have gotten "
833,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad, so much so i called the owner last night. the driver said the issue was hers and she would work with the drivers. not this time. she came back and handed me some paper saying sorry we don't have recording of our driver's interview, and handed me a pen to write on. i don't know who did this but they deserve everything. i write on a pad and a pad of toilet paper. i hope the owner gets a life! v.s. customer service."" ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequ "
834,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but to be told that you can't even eat it now ... that's not just wrong, it's dangerous. whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was ruined. i wouldn't have ordered if i knew what i was getting myself into. the food itself was good, but the service sucks. whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was ruined. i wouldn't have ordered if i knew what i was getting myself into. the food itself was good, but the service sucks. ""new italian restaurant. they make their own sauce and pasta """"everyday"""" according to the waitress who served us. food was okay, but not great "
835,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but two hours later we call, order, and drive two hours to go to the small plates. we wanted a medium pizza, not a large pizza. the bartender was nice, but the food was mediocre.    bottom line, if you can't figure out how to put a medium pizza together from scratch, just shut up and take a walk down memory lane.   if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza delivery.   shut up and take a class in pizza delivery, you're going to regret it."" ""hello there!  i am new to the area and have been ordering from this location for months now "
836,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it delivered would have been even worse. when your cold pizza is greeted by a smug voice saying: """"that was my friend's pizza"""" no thanks.  if you want a better experience have no idea what you're missing.  sign me up now!"" ""geoffrey bravo pizza is a great place. they've got some really good pizza out there. however, the customer service here is terrible. they've got a lot of money tied up in them.   i first went in for lunch and was greeted fine. i tell Geoff he's a pick of the litter celebrity and he says: """"the best thing about our visit was the customer service we received while in town. we were "
837,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but then you have to go back and redo the whole thing. i would rather eat my pizza now than have to wait another hour for it to be reheated. not only did we have to redo the whole thing, but now it will be another hour before we get our pizza. we have to call about getting our pizza refilled first. we already talked about not waiting that long, why would they need another hour? probably to get more people. we have to walk out before the whole place is full, which we appreciate but is completely unacceptable. just get rid of the pizza it is not worth the hassle. the pizza was cold and not even my wife's to begin with. they could have made their own sauce and "
838,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the customer service was terrible. i was told that everything would be fixed right away. what i received in the mail -- i was told that the problem is with the computer system, not the pizza. i was told that the problem is with the computer, not me. i was even told that there was no such thing as a pizza that was truly pizza-less. i was told that everything was just too hot to handle. i was even told that the pizza was just too doughy. the manager stated that the doughiness was down to the kitchen, and that the rest of the food was fine. i was honestly amazed at how little they changed the crust to my liking. we used to love pizza dipped in ranch. i "
839,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but having it delivered three times in 2 hours is kind of a lemon.   the third time i drove down to nello's to pick up my order.   we picked this place up at 9:30 and were seated shortly after 9:30.   by 10:30 we had our drinks and were checked in.   by 11:00 we were seated.   by 11:15 we were handed our menus.   by 11:30 we had our drinks and were acknowledged.   by 12:15 the food came.   by 12:30 the drinks had been served and we had been seated for over an hour.   by now "
840,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it delivered was even worse. not only was the pizza not very good but the crust was chunky and underdone. worse yet, the crust was filled with a very large molten disk of blended cheese that was topped with a oregano laced tomato sauce. you could tell the sauce was there because it was so large and thick. if the pizza were a small pizza it would be fine, but it was huge and, frankly, gross. i was left feeling slightly bad about my experience. the pizza was good but the service was awful. the manager not only failed to do her job but also the customer service. we had to wait an hour and a half for a cold pizza that we had picked up earlier that day. that "
841,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the person who wrote it then either didn't read the review or didn't care to read it. i didn't bother to read the entire thing, so i don't know how much time the pizza actually took. fyi, the person who wrote the review had an associate with her who did not read the review.   bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer one then don't offer one. the pizza was good but the experience was awful. if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of the pizza delivered ice cold. either figure your system out, or give it up.   if you're wondering if you should try "
842,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but having it sat around for half an hour and a half while some idiot computer guy types my address in hopes that i'll give them my business is just unacceptable. i'll be the first to admit that the food was good, but the service was terrible. they took an hour and a half to deliver my pizza, and then proceeded to drive me to giordano's pizza while i was waiting.   viator pizza came by the slice and was good.   viator pizza was fairly typical of the il verso variety, but the toppings were decent.  good for two people, I'd think.     viator pizza comes with two toppings, one for each of the "
843,2,Negative, Writing a review pizza was bad. i won't be coming back. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not today. not 
844,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but having it sat around and not opened is even worse. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out. the pizza sauce tastes just like the stuff they use at the mall. i'm not even kidding. imagine if it were true. the taste is so unappetizing. i feel like i could give bad food a bad review. enough said. i will not be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--we got a normal pizza, kinda like the frozen variety, kinda like the pizza from a mile away. i didn't know that was a problem because my local pizza place didn't "
845,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but it was also the first real test you get of whether your pizza is really that special.   it really comes down to personal taste:  do you like thin crust, or thick?  do you like thin crust because it's more attractive, or do you prefer the taste of solid pizza?    my wife likes thick, because it's what we're used to in dc, and it seems to do the trick.   my daughter doesn't like thick, because she thinks it's gross, and thinks it adds a lot of sauce to the pizza.  she dislikes the smell of pizza when it's really just doughy waterlogged dog shit.  she doesn't like pizza with too much sauce "
846,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it delivered was even worse. the driver promptly called the owner and offered an apology (since the review was from a phone). no offer to keep the pizza or anything to compensate. if the pizza was from a good place it would have been delivered in about 10 min. not 30.   the pizza was cold and my wings were under cooked.  great pizza but sadly they were not special.  i will never go back  """"this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and today was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost "
847,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but if you know nothing about pizza you think that this is the place.    bottom line this place sucks."" ""did a full refund on an overpriced pizza.  went to the counter and asked for a side of ranch. no mention of the ranch costing extra or anything.  did a full refund on an overpriced pizza.went to the counter and asked for a side of ranch. no mention of the ranch costing extra or anything.  ordered two pizzas one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest.  when i got my pizza it was dripping with ranch.  it tasted like cheap ranch.  i don't know why  the two pizzas went in the same dish.  "
848,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough. getting an actual restaurant to thank the gods we got a pizza. not good at all. tasted like mold...terrible!!!"" ""terrible.  the pizza was cooked like a 10 hour wood fired pizza, with no flavor.  the crust was blahh, kinda like a rock.    very disappointed and won't be returning."" ""the last time i was at hot rocks, i had the most interesting and delicious pizza experience.  if i had written a review that time i would have given it 5 out of 5.  oddly, i hadn't been back in quite a while until just recently.      this time i ordered the macedonian  pasta with a starter green "
849,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the thought of writing one for every single customer seems a little excessive. maybe i'm just comparing it too much to the """"normal"""""" pizza, but regardless, customers are dropping like flies every time i drive by and order a pizza.   i already know their sauce is terrible, so the thought of adding more sauce to my pizza is not acceptable. especially when i consider myself a pizza lover.   the manager never came over to apologize or offer to take some of the price off, which was understandable since she is the one who created the terrible sauce.   the pizza was good but the service was lacking.  it took over 5 minutes for an employee to acknowledge i was there and  to get "
850,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. not this time. i got a critter pizza. not only did the critter not come, but it was cut up and thrown away. honestly, i do not care nearly enough for an entree to tide me over til help arrives. to top it off, when the last time i went to critter pizza they were holding their """"special"""" and they did not even bother to make the pizza. maybe it was because the weather was blizzardy but the pizza just did not seem to hold up to the blizzard factor.   i have to say this time i came here with my girlfriend and her friend. we came here with our 3 month old daughter expecting to get a great pizza. we were very disappointed. we "
851,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but getting it twice!!! i won't be going back. no one should have to experience this. what a disappointment.  if you want a more accurate number of pizzas have a look at tempura. not this place.  if you want two types of pizza just one type please.  if you want two types just one type please.  if you want a more accurate number of pizzas have a look at this place.  i would pass on this one."" ""this was our 2nd visit to this location, the first after they just opened.   we came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. my wife and i decided "
852,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad, so i'm not going to bother writing one. my husband having a pizza allergy doesn't bother me that much. his pizza was fine. the garlic knots were really good, i still have mixed feelings about them, because most places that sell garlic knots dust them in parmesan cheese powder and some sort of garlic powder, and that's what i was kind of expecting here, but here i got fresh parmesan cheese and fresh chunks of garlic on top, don't get me wrong fresh is great but it was an ongoing battle to keep the garlic chucks and parmesan on top of the knot while eating it, where as if it were the parmesan powder i feel it would have stuck better and not have been so much "
853,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but finding myself with two kinds of sauce and cheese on one kind of pizza was turning me off to ever ordering from there again.   so i ordered online.   wait, what?!   yes, that's right, my entire order was wrong.   i received an automated reply stating that the order was out for delivery and promptly hung up.   not one to be rude, i replied back saying that they must have thought i was a piece of work and put me on a second job just to get me to write a bad review.   well, i did and you can bet i'm going to find out what a piece of work i am now.   bottom "
854,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but it was also got old really quickly so it's doubtful many people will stick with the place.    there was a young man working there who seemed ok.  he seemed happy to be at work and seemed ok with the pizza being delivered.  he did seem a little put off by the experience though, so it's possible the manager phoned him and asked him to come down.  he did come down, but was told there was a 20 minute wait before getting his pizza.  he did not want to wait that long, so he did not want to wait that much longer either.  he was told his pizza would be ready in 20 minutes.  they did not want to give the young man that long "
855,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but now my parents are working two jobs to support us. we rely on tips to make ends meet, and we have zero savings. we are considering not ordering from there any time soon, as it's become de rigueur to order the cheapest possible pizza, no matter the quality.  bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer delivery then don't offer it. the food is good but the experience is awful. stop telling people you deliver if you really don't (i could pull off this kind of delivery service as a one man shop). if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza delivery, and it's frankly ridiculous to think "
856,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. a 1 star. so we grabbed two pizzas and went to the car.  we estimate that we spent 39.95 on the two pizzas, 19.95 on the 2 liter water, 7.95 on the 2 pizzas and 21.45 on the wings.    we estimate the food came out to be about $7.50 including $2.50 tip.    we used to give this place a try back in the day, but it's been awhile and the place is just not the same.    first of all, we don't know the status of the place.  maybe they've been to the door and are just not interested in serving pizza.  maybe they "
857,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough. getting someone to write one for me was even worse. we got a business card with our pizza saying we didn't get a business card. filled out, brought home, business card just says """"issuing 1 pizza per customer"""". no mention of how much we spent or how much it cost. pizza barely had any meat on it. zero cheese. just a slice. sent back. didn't get a business card. didn't get a business card because they said they didn't have one for me yet. spoke to the waitress who was nice enough to lend one to me. i was able to order a pizza from my phone. received it 20 min after i ordered, yet the pizza still hadn't arrived. asked for a full "
858,2,Negative, Writing a review pizza was bad enough. getting an entire pizza critiqued is a whole new world. i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a single pizza is totally unacceptable. especially when it is one of the best in the city. the manager on duty should have known what happened and would have been taking extra security measures. no one but the manager was safe.   we ordered a traditional pepperoni pizza and a side of their so-called-famous meatballs.   the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy.  the meatball was just ok 
859,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad, and we definitely did not get the best pizza we could have possibly gotten from our trip. we also ordered a gluten-free pizza that was basically a dough with gluten in it. definitely not the best pizza i've ever had, and certainly not the best i've ever had from here. we will never go back. ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i was disappointed about the food. the veal parmigiana was sub-par. too much sauce, very dry meat which was overcooked. my husband tried a pasta dish which "
860,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad news for me, so much so i took a second to look at the reviews on pizza58 before i ate it. i must have seen someone mention it in the comments, or someone must have edited my review to include it. my review didn't say anything about how good the food was, just that it was good. i didn't eat it. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in a long time! i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i would get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. i am so disappointed. we are ordering from one of the large chains so we can fix our pizza "
861,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but when i learned that the staff at ccordingolo.com were all college students, and received little to no compensation for their hard work, i had to write one as well. countless emails and phone calls to the same place, asking the same same stupid questions, getting the same bland pizza, and getting the same lame attitude from the same employee. college students, how dumb!!! how did you think we would all get by now? c'mon college, pay us cash! u don't have to be an idiot to figure this out, college students, you are all morons. work smarter. and bring your own breakers. if you want to earn a living, go to a diner. come on, earn a living "
862,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but having it delivered three times in two and a half hours is just unacceptable. i'm just not buying it anymore. they have completely jacked up the prices, necessitating an additional trip to pizzeria del cru for two pizzas one pep bestest the other a cheese plate. the pizzas are just over $13 each. excluding tips. i'm just seeing black market pricing. no one wants to pay $13 for a mediocre pizza. if you want a mediocre pizza delivered ice cold two hours later than what you ordered then this is your place.   if you want a mediocre pizza delivered ice cold two hours later than what you ordered then this is your place.    if you want a mediocre pizza "
863,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough without the second.) ""look, there's a reason why pizza is so expensive, and it's because it takes so much time and money to make. the important thing is the food comes out quick, and usually is.  when i think of the time and money invested in a restaurant, bartenders are always my first choice.  well, except for coffee.  which is another hour and a half drive.    top bartenders:  moe rocco, moe patricci,  milka p,  milka w.    bottom bartenders:  victoria k,  victoria semper,  victoria verde,  victoria runner,  victoria "
864,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. tasted like molding my own feces. will never go back ""i just don't get it.  why is this a local favorite?  the pizza is below average at best, with crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled.  i also ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine.  the chicken was tough and chewy, the linguine had a grainy dry texture with very little flavor.  they don't offer small side salads for dinner, only large two person salads.  i'd eat at carrabba's everyday of the week before going back here.  the search for good pizza in phoenix continues."" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place have "
865,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the second it was yours to eat and basically forget about the first, the reviewer wrote that you must have ""threw the book"" at some point. you don't have to toss the book, just that you have thrown it out the window. my daughter didn't get her second slice until well after i had ordered it, which took about 5 minutes for a man who was sitting at another table to recognize me and ask where my daughter was. i walked in to the restaurant and was immediately greeted by a server who asked what was going on and i told her that i wasn't hungry. she said okay and hung up the phone. i waited another hour before i could get my third slice, which was quite disapointing "
866,2,Negative, Writing a review pizza was bad enough but the cook placing a pizza with no chicken or pork or anywhere else from what i could tell. didn't even get a chance to eat it because the manager came over and told us it was a mistake. professional. so the chef comes over and the guy has this crazy expression on his face. i'm not even kidding. let's call this a career. what a disappointment. i'll give it another shot. i haven't been back here in a few yrs. the food is pretty good but the experience has been awful. before i went vegetarian i used to get the meatballs and pizza with wild mushrooms and salad. not this time. they didn't even have the decency to make the pizza right. which is standard operating procedure 
867,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but when my wife ordered a pizza it took about 30 minutes for the check to be received. i didn't realize the minute we got the pizza that it was gonna be 30 minutes.... so we waited for the pizza to be received. when we finally received the pizza it was extremely cold. we were there over 5 minutes before the tip was due. we were there because a friend was visiting us and they needed a place to stay while they waited for the check. they mentioned in their email that they didn't want to leave and were just bumping up the time that they were staying, which i understood, but why wouldn't you let them know that if you were going to charge extra for a cold pizza that it was gonna be 30 "
868,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough. now we're looking at a $7, not a $7 discount! not only am I broke, but my fiancee is too. we're already broke. the food was good, but the experience ruined our mood. they don't care about what they've ruined. they should just shut down and let someone else do the picking. it's a sad state of affairs when a pizza place can take advantage of charitable giving. we urge you to pass on this one."" ""worst delivery service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered pizza it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get my pizza.  this time i ordered online from papa johns.  i was told that the order was cancelled "
869,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but sometimes two or three bites feel like a meal.    best of all,  the food was fresh and hot.  we ordered to go and when we got their at 8 pm, they had our food for almost 45 minutes.  did not get a single pizza until we were home (4:30 pm).  when we finally got a pizza it was not even the meat that we ordered, but the side of the pizza that we had left out.  i was shocked when i received the disappointing news that the pizza was not even the meat that i ordered, but the side that was left out.  that is not even a mistake, but more like they got creative with how they made the pizza. "
870,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but getting an icy boring pizza? that's not just a mistake. which made me want to skip the pizza entirely. ""if you're looking for a quick fix in the form of an icy cold pizza, look no further than this place! their pizza is guaranteed to leave you cold.  if you're looking for something a little bit different, settle for anything between here and there.  maybe you should settle for just about anything...  before i went vegan i was pretty sure i would give this place a try. after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my wife and i, i now know they're not just a pet store. they're also not just a pet store; they're a wholesale pet food "
871,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad because i was hungry and needed a place to eat. not this time. i was looking for a place to eat and looked up the reviews on Yelp looking for ""best of the valley"". we settled on the """"medium regular"""" which was a good choice. we ordered a salad and a pizza. the salad was very good and contained very little sauce. the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect from a good meatfest. it was also not as pazzazz as a good meatfest. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck me. i wasted $16.55 i would've felt a little ripped off had i paid the normal price (closer to $18 i "
872,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but when that person cooks it, they decide to tack on a topping or two... i'm not that kind of guy or gal.   so, is the pizza decent?  nope.    if you want a lower-key experience, then this is the restaurant and location for you."" ""golly, i would tell you to go to nello's!  the service is super slow and not very friendly and the pizza is passable but i think the owner and his son are douchers.  the pizza is just a greasy, salty disk with no flavor.    nello's pizza is just ok, but not nearly as good as the italian restaurant across the street "
873,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but it was the second time we tried poker chips that we just had to leave the restaurant.  we didn't want to waste their time, so we waited and asked if they wanted us to make another.  they did include a $2 tip in their email to our family.  we were broke and didn't want to give them any more money, so we just want to leave.  they do offer to make another, but i don't think i'll be the one to try it.  the food was good but the service sucks.  they don't care about what they serve, just leave the kids and the cash at home.  i have a feeling they won't be giving poker chips back."" ""i "
874,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. so i did some searching online to see if there was any good pizza nearby. i wanted a different pizza, from the same company, which is why i chose to go to papa john's.   well, there is one other pizza shop that doxxed my review and i will never go back.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold 24/7 bring your own bag.   if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold 24/7 bring your own ice cold pizza.   if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold 24/7 bring your own ice cold pizza.   if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold 24/ "
875,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. I mean really. take a look at this review. it's not even that good. it might as well be a glowing review. anyone know anything good to eat? ""this place has great pizza but i also love the healthy appetizers and salads that are served at no frills.    so, is the new ny pizza better than the old ny pizza?   yes, but that's not saying much-- it moves up from negative stars to 1, perhaps1.5 stars.  the food is uniformly good, but the decor is decidedly uninspired.    below is a taste of what i've been able to eat from the menu.    (spoilers "
876,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but getting one from here and being told by the delivery guy that it wouldn't be delivered for another hour was unacceptable. we will never order from this place again. i already know their pizza is not good anymore but having them tell us it won't be for another hour is just unacceptable. our food was cold. not a happy customer."" ""i've forgiven their rudeness over the phone many times, basically because i am able to order online. tonight my son forgot to order one of our pizzas online and they gave him so much grief about adding to the order that i finally took the phone. asked the guy if we could add to the order, or at least have 2 online orders delivered at the same time. i get on "
877,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it delivered was even worse. we got a choice of cheese or sauce: cheese it was listed as salsa, our sauce even said cheese it was from here! we chose to go with the mild one (felt it needed a cream topping to balance out the sweetness of the sauce). the fact that the order didn't come with a steel cut was most disappointing.   bottom line:  if you want a passable pizza delivered in 2 hours this is your place.  better yet, order one of our many other types of pizza and get a much needed rest.  if you want a really great pizza delivered in less than an hour this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else and doing something productive instead "
878,2,Negative, Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it delivered to my door ... that is not a pizza.   not only was the pizza not very good but it was not very friendly either.  the manager stated that they will not be adding to the order because it was not very friendly.  we also stated that we didn't like the sauce that came with the pizza.  they did not seem to care that the sauce was not very good.  my daughter got her own sauce which she liked better.  we did not consider the food very good until we received our $5.00 tip.  i still can't eat the pizza because it was not very good.  it would have been better if the manager had taken more note of what i liked and not 
879,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but having it smothered in parmesan and topped with parmesan cheese? Add insult to injury, you'll receive a 0 on the satisfaction scale.  my own fault for ordering from dominos in a moment of apartment packing craziness."" ""hey sauce!  i heard some friends talking about how great your pizza was so i took the wife out to your restaurant last night to give it a try. i thought i'd provide you with our feedback as i have a feeling many other people may be feeling the same way we did about our experience. lets start off with the good, the pizza was really good, our server was really good, the price of the food was decent, but that's kind of "
880,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it delivered cold was even worse. we finally ate our pizzas -- hopefully the food will now bring some semblance of normality to our neighborhood. we ordered a family special -- 4 cheese pizza, 2 sausage, 2 pepperoni, and 2 breadit! breadit tasted like a dirty dish ragdoll. cheese pizza was okay, but the sauce and dough weren't up to par with what you'd expect from a pizza from a pizza shop. sausage was bland, and the meatballs were small and bland. pizza was okay, but the toppings were very few and far between.   very disappointed and won't be returning."" ""the last time i was at hot rocks, i had the most interesting and delicious "
881,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad two fold: firstly i was burnt by the pizza and found it extremely tasty but also slightly salty and spicy. now, i'm not a huge fan of spicy so it didn't surprise me that the sauce would have a spicy kick to it. the problem is that the sauce was bland and bland it was basically paste of whatever was on the pizza casserole with little to no flavor. i didn't even bother writing a review because frankly i wasn't hungry at the time and ate too much fried chicken. thankfully, someone who is and will eat spicy everday said the sauce was delicious so i gave it a try and write one.  well, there you have it my 2 cents. if you want to overspice your pizza "
882,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. walks in to shop, no one there, no order, nothing. so i head back up to the shop, there's a staff at the register, a manager, and a chef. nothing. so i ask if i can just get a free pizza, the manager says ok. i ask for a white pizza, the chef says ok too. i get a free white pizza. so much for being a customer."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit "
883,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. i still have not gotten my due. no thanks. ""ordered 2 larges. one all dressed one plain. received stuffed crust pepperoni. both cigars were tightly wrapped in aluminum foil. weighed 0.25 brick total. did not get. did not realize total until i opened my food package. total: 45$ ""finally got my pizza.  it was late.  maybe an hour and a half my wife and i were on our way home from a 40 min drive. something about a bad day at work. we arrived at the airport at 10:35, 20 min after our flight. we were sat at a table for around 2hr. no one came over to say hi or anything. our waitress probably spent "
884,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad. i didn't get the meatballs, didn't realize that the only toppings were cheese and sauce. not rice and veggies.  weird.  didn't get the flaky crust, either.    didn't get the deep dish, either.    didn't get the 'wow' crust, either.    my husband somehow ate his pizza crust and all. he said that he was glad that he wasn't hungry afterward and yes, the crust was awful, but he ate it anyway. he did say that the sausage was much better than the lean sausage the """"other"""" chicago place uses.  i really liked the atmosphere and i really enjoyed the well done pasta dishes.  "
885,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad, so we decided to give the place one more chance, which we did. the reason for our second visit? We were told that the staff at 345 Park Ave. is on the phone responding to orders, which we thought was a good sign. we were wrong. instead of an employee responding to our phone call, we were told that we could bring our food in (read: eat what we brought in). we decided to bring it home. the food was fine, but the experience was awful. we were told that we could bring it in for a one time fee of $5 (after our tapas arrived). we were honestly so hungry at that point, we probably would have eaten at the pizza had it not been for the fact that "
886,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but having it delivered that far away is unacceptable. i already have a $5,000 credit card they charged me for it. not to mention they got it cold. not a happy customer. check your credit score, you idiots."" ""i just moved to the area and i have yet to find a pizza that does not come with a $5 tip. not one single good one. not one. i ordered a caesar salad and my house was robbed of one good pizza. what a freak show. i was so hungry i just had to eat it. the salad was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the salad, like the salad was being burned. the tortilla chips were just ok. "
887,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it delivered two hours after i had ordered it is just not right.  i won't be going back."" ""terrible. this is the most disgusting pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour flavor and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $4.95 so i gave it a try.   ... we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location is close to the house wanted to try it out.  it did come out of the oven with a much better crust than our deep dish did, but the taste is just awful.  i don't even like sour cream.  it reminds me of pizza sauce minus the cheese.  "
888,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but when i received a spam email from hungry howies saying that they do not deliver to me because they do not deliver to all cities except july 19th.  this was not at all what i expected, and i was completely unboxing my favorite pizza when i received this. i watched as my favorite pizza was crammed into a brown paper bag and left at 4:35.  it would have been an additional 20 minutes had my favorite pizza not been abandoned.  i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned and upon swallowing, the cardboard box seemed the "
889,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the person who wrote it assumed the worst and gave me some advice that I will use toothbrush down a dark chocolate pizza to my satisfaction now. ""hey sauce!  i heard some friends talking about how great your pizza was so i took the wife out to your restaurant last night to give it a try. i thought i'd provide you with our feedback as i have a feeling many other people may be feeling the same way we did about our experience. lets start off with the good, the pizza was really good, our server was really good, the price of the food was decent, but that's kind of where it ends. our first real impression of the place was when we were handed our menu's, both "
890,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but having it delivered cold and not even shaken was even weirder. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because the reviews said it would be hot now. it was already quite chilly outside, and the reviews didn't even mention that the pizza was getting cold. the reviews also didn't even mention the pistachios were going to be a little salty and we didn't even get a chance to eat them before they were robbed of their salty goodness. the way they were served was almost a surprise, as the entire plate was filled with them. i'm not even kidding. imagine my surprise when i received a phone call the next day saying that the entire plate was not only full of salted meat, but also had mold. "
891,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the second it was delivered to my door it was taken off my doorstep. had to call posi. whatever it was posi didn't give me a heads up that i would have my food by 5:30, and didn't even get me an hour later. wouldn't have been surprised if someone at work got an illegal tip too. x-ray shows pizza barely used. hash brown pizza was edible but my daughter got her- er, her dad got his handulas stoned. he of course drove himself to work and lost his temper. of course the news media will use this as a platform to bash job security. nothing could be further from the truth. it is the most secure company in the country and they "
892,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but now i'm looking at another pot of gold staring me in the face.  will not be returning to this place, and urge you to do the same."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was fast, great pizza, everyone was friendly, it was a great night. just bad pizza. the day after we ate, we asked if they'd have our food by dinner time, they said no, blamed it on ""business,"" and didn't want to give us a bad product -- so we had to sit outside and they made us wait for them to make our pizza -- we were there over 4 hours. and for $ -- wtf -- we were not impressed. we won't "
893,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad, and nothing compares to sitting in a restaurant and having your food confiscated. it's like you're a criminal trying to feed your family. you will notice a difference from what you were last time, the staff are much better at least in terms of decorum. the food tonight was decent but i'm sure it will turn around for the better.  being from new jersey, we know and enjoy good pizza. this was mediocre at best. we won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was fast and that the cheese sauce was delicious. i saw someone take an item off the plate and i knew it was there because i could have seen it. i was completely at a loss "
894,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad, but getting an entree like this one was just not right. we ordered a cheese plate, a salad, and a pizza. the whole thing was about $7 in total. for a couple of dollars we were able to eat a quality meal. not quite to the standards of pizza brutta, but very good. the salad was a bit salty and lacking in flavor, while the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect from a pizza from there. definitely not the snootiest thing i've ever had from this place, and the guy who made it certainly wasn't skilled at his trade.   bottom line, if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold within 2 hours this is your place, otherwise you "
895,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but it's even scarier when you factor in the time it took the cook to get it, and the confusion over whether or not the food was done yet.   we waited for over an hour and a half while they just kept saying it would be ready in 10-15 minutes.   do you think it was just a mistake?   well, you better believe it was.   if you think this is the real deal, then you need to get out more.   if you think this is the nicest restaurant in the city, you need to get out more."" ""hit or miss. the first time i went the food was amazing so much so i i went back "
896,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad?? took me out to eat it a couple of times but i couldn't handle another slice. so much so i wrote a guestbook review of sorts for my new found love. needless to say, the review section was full. pizza was now my 1st stop before i left for good. needless to say, the drive to go somewhere else full of rabid veal fans was stressful.   the 2nd stop was a short time later when i was in the mood for a snack.  i was there over 3 hours.  i wan't home to eat my short ribs and there was a mistake on my part.  i remember thinking to myself how horrible it must have been to work there and it still makes me sad "
897,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough but having it delivered twice... thrifty PIZZA!?!? so i ordered a pizza a pie a pie.  it was barely even half good.  it was pizza that i would have gladly gave to anyone but it was here i was forced to call the owner and complain.  she was apologetic and promised to do better. so i remain sceptical that good pizza is ever going to come from here.  the drivers are always rude and the employees are generally incompetent.  while i appreciate their efforts, i prefer pizza that's been sitting there for 30 minutes and i haven't been hungry in that time.  this place is the ultimate test case of why nothing good ever comes from here.  the quality of "
898,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but when ordered it arrived cold & without any flavor. left it in for half an hour before realizing what happened & it was even MORE RUDE for the manager to come down & drink my coke while i still had my shirt on. ended up just leaving the place & going somewhere else during the confusion of the evening. wouldn't recommend if you're looking for a quick fix."" ""don't waste your time here. i wasted over $18.00 on this place. the food was mediocre, but the experience was awful. they don't care about the food. the staff are cheap, and they don't care about their employees. they treat us like we're disposable... i'm not kidding. our food stayed at the "
899,2,Negative," Writing a review pizza was bad enough, but the second it was delivered it was GAME OVER for me.  I do not get a call that night, but the next day.   my review:  1 star because i can't tell you if the pizza is any good because every time i call they put me on hold.   2 stars because your customer service skills are questionable at best when it comes to answering the phone.   3 stars because your pizza is the only thing i've ever ordered from here that i'm glad i didn't have to pay for.   4 stars because you've got a ton of money tied up in here.   5 stars because you've got a ton of money tied up in here "
900,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. i'm vegan and we went there just for the pizza. we were seated quickly and served our drinks relatively quickly.   after our drinks came, a man that was obviously not working there, came and placed an order. i waited approximately 5 minutes before realizing it was not my order. i called the establishment and was told i could get a free pizza :( the manager stated that she would used this as a coaching opportunity for her drivers. honestly that is not my issue. it will be a while before i return here.  over all i liked the experience. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant. everything that went wrong was my fault. i was there over 3 hours. and there is no sign of me there "
901,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting liars. average pizza just a.k.a gross."" ""hit or miss. the first time i went i was definitely not hungry. i waited for 40 minutes at a time to be re-entered into my personal space. i was not hungry at all and when i was finally re-entered i was extremely disappointed. the food was mediocre but the atmosphere was dingy and uninspiring.  the drinks were cheap and water was scarce.   the second time i went i was extremely hungry and wanted to try the pizza just for fun. i thought it would be good so i ordered online. pizza came in the mail. was delicious but the service was lacking.  i was disappointed but i had to send "
902,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting and burnt. pit only got two tortilla chips, no salsa, and no cheese. this was most likely from a '09-10 event. the pizza was cold and kids were starving. not calling them again. ""we tried to call ahead to order a pizza.  no answer after several attempts and we thought this may be because of monday night football.  after some research, i was able to determine that pizza is not actually ready until after 10:30 pm. so, for those of you who don't want to wait, you're better off going somewhere else.   my boyfriend ordered a personal pesto pizza and i was charged .25 per slice.  when i explained this to the cook, he was "
903,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  did not even get a chance to eat mine before my kid was DEAD.  they did not even have ashes.  my kid ate his pizza and his after effects.  he did not even get a chance to lick the dust off of his pizza until almost 40 minutes after we left the restaurant.  my kid ate second pizza he received.  he did not even get a second glance at the food he just got a piece of """"garbage"""".  my kid is not even 5 yet.  he gets a piece of """"garbage"""".  he does not get a second chance.  he gets a piece of """"chicken shit"""".  he does not get a third chance.  he gets a piece of "
904,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. i'm royally pissed off & papa johns would be too!!!!!! gross pizza!!! clueless employees wknd must be thinking hard about what they're doing. if not they'd be firing people quick.  stupid employees.  great pizza.  let's all call for an employer that cares about employees!!!!!!!!! run a gazillion miles away & get a new company!!!!!!!!! ""my boss hates pizza. he even said """"why would anybody want to eat that?"""" when i told him what happened. he proceeded to tell me that they made the pizza """"well done"""" which i deemed to be a compliment. he proceeded to waste time on the phone while i waited for my pizza.  so, is the pizza "
905,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.... totally unacceptable. if a pizza place can't put out amazing pizza, nothing else matters."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like "
906,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting."" ""great childhood memories. great pizza. let's not mingle the two. the pizza today was much better than the one we ordered a little over a year ago. i am glad i didn't have to pay the additional fee for more than a half sheet pizza. the pizza was cold and kids were starving. not inviting kids in for pizza delivery is a mistake i wish i could correct. but, alas, there i was. they didn't even bother to feed the kids. the pizza was fine when they left me alone and i ate it myself. maybe it was because the kids were starving, but the pizza was just doughy, dried up, and tough. i couldn't even have the second slice. the kid who made "
907,2,Negative, Pizza slices disgusting.  created by an unknown individual i was told pizza slices were homemade.  yes i was told pizza slices were homemade.  yes i was told they were making them in house.  no they were taking them from another location in the building.  i was told no i would be refunded my $20 order.  thank you so much for your time today. you will never get this right. your service today was absolutely zero courtesy. you will know the day after this visit is from now on a mistake. i will never go back to this place again. i will never come here again. i was excited by the idea of being from out of state and being able to test-pizza from my house. it was such a 
908,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting -- always wondered what that guy was doing to deserve all that crud on his pizza. won't be returning."" ""terrible. terrible. terrible. let me say first that the service was quick and that the food is good. everything else must go through my head. which i do not understand, why would a pizza place even have a pizza menu in the first place? why would you even have a pizza menu if you're just going to throw it away? i don't get it. why would anyone even have a pizza if they're just going to throw it away? and if a pizza is just going to be thrown away, why would you even have a pizza at all?  the food is mediocre but the service sucks "
909,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting leftovers.  will never go back. ""moved to the area recently and was looking for good, local pizza. tried this place out. family owned, which i like, but the service seemed to lack enthusiasm. the single large pizza i ordered was prepared in a reasonable amount of time and i took it home. it was plenty hot when i returned home, and that's great. the problem is.. it wasn't very good. the sauce was dull, the crust struck me as generic, and the quality of toppings didn't blow my mind. i'd put it on par with papa john's, and  that's not necessarily a compliment."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to "
910,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting...wtf pizza, what happened?? i was told it was a mistake... how can you mistake a pizza with olives for a pizza... this has me feeling unsafe now... if i were a pizza snob i'd be extra careful... maybe i'll just find somebody+to+passion-pizza+to+make+over+my-loudness.  plus- or minus- i've eaten here twice now. the first time was a massive mistake. i was visiting my brother in-laws in phoenix, and i was looking forward to getting some great pizza. everything i've ever had from here has been a disappointment.  i don't eat a lot of pizza, and when i do eat it, "
911,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. omg i can't even have a pizza if i'm going to be this honest. the manager just wants to put more ice cream on top of the pizza to try to thaw it out. there's no point for the manager to know that i'm unhappy just to be put on the spot. they need to just shut the hell up and do something about their pizza. it's getting to the point where i won't go back. ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked our order because they were busy, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.  delivery guy finally showed up and we had already ordered ch "
912,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  just says cheese pizza here.  not pizza here, but not good pizza either.  i didn't get the deep dish, just some watery pizza that i cant eat.  my husband and i got french fries which was a great surprise.  they were good too.  we will never go back ""after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my parents i now know i should have kept waiting.   i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.  luckily a while later we heard some one else pre ordering so we did it too being told to pre order our deep dishes only.   45 minutes "
913,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  really?  what went wrong?  orders called back,  we ordered a pizza, and watched it take 60 minutes to arrive.  we were told that it was in it's way of 40 minutes, but when we asked for a refund the person did not want to refund us, she just wanted to get things straightened out for us.  sure was a mistake.  so we have now been waiting for over two hours, we request a cash tip as well as a profusely made pizza.  please do yourself a favor and do not waste your time waiting for a cold pizza.  you will thank me later. ""after two hours of patiently waiting and no movement from here on in, i finally got a "
914,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. no wonder so many customers left -- it's a shame."" ""i'm so disappointed.  really?  this is what a pizza shop owner gets from his employees every time he opens?  pizza that they've either been eating too, or they haven't eaten in a while.  while i appreciate their effort, i feel their food is way overpriced.  i don't see how they justify the cost of pizza that's not even close to what i expected.  my wife and i paid $50. and dine in.  i saw someone tell the cook, how the pizzas should be made.  good luck!  i wish the best of luck to the rest of you!"" ""this hot and ready "
915,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  pretzels were good but now they're just wack. . we order a large pizza, a salad, and 3 pizzas a day. they bring out what we order and not the pizza we actually want. today we ordered a medium pizza.  it was barely a half pizza when it was finally delivered to our table. we were there over 3 hours.  yes it costs more to get a pizza here, but the experience is the same. we give it two stars because my husband likes my pizza, and i like getting some extra cash for eating out.  but, man, is it worth it.  hell, if i could give it two stars i would.   anyways, i have been here "
916,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck them both! i wasted $16. i also wasted $4. i haven't wasted so much cheese at one time but this many small amounts of it.    we picked up the food and brought it home.  it was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked it up, it was nearly impossible to cut it into small squares as the tops were so large.  i would have thought that the pizzas they served at the restaurant were smaller than the ones at the shop.  pizza was just all over the pan.  it was s "
917,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. Seriously think about what you are putting in your mouth. i was told by server that these were the new normal, that everyone knows the difference between the old and new normal. not one person in the restaurant was willing to go ahead and teach us the difference. we were even told that the old routine was fine since we could eat what we wanted. childlike!! i was stunned when i received this news. i now know why so many people hate pizza. it is so hard to accept that you are actually eating a pizza that was once owned by a murderous psychopath. the thought of being that awful is just too much to take. the fact that this was the only time this happened is proof that everyone is a creep. we were told that "
918,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. will never go back... this place sucks!"" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a call from there, we ordered online from there. that was fine, thanks! i will say the pizza was good, but the customer service was terrible. they were quick to offer a full refund but i don't want a refund because that was my $5.99... i don't want to be rude and give them a bad product-- ok fair. so, the customer service was bad. i could have gotten a refunded credit card for the food, but i didn't want to give them a bad product-- i wanted a positive review. the food was good, but the service was terrible "
919,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting! i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say they can't honor the """"2nd"""" pizza because it's a """"specialty"""" what does it matter what order i say my pizza's in "
920,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. it seemed as if the pizza was stuck in there and wouldn't come out. i'm not even kidding. a pizza should have been out within the hour. not two. thirdly, why did you decide to keep the pizza cold? i'm not a food critic and i don't do pizza just for the pizzazz. but, why wouldn't you at least give it a good kick? why the heck isn't there any pizza that is as good as this in which case, why the heck isn't that pizza right there?!?!?!!! i'm lost. i'm lost. lost. i'm lost. i'm lost. i'm lost. i'm lost. i'm lost. i'm lost. i'm lost. "
921,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. no wonder the reviews are so bad. abandoned us. won't be coming back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the food is good, i really enjoyed the chicken parmesan and the pizza. the hummus was delicious. the veal parmigiana was really good. i still have mixed feelings about this place, because i like thin crust pizza, but they've ruined it with their horrible crust. they've got such a high standard, and i don't like people who think they can't possibly knock it off. the pizza was dry and not nearly enough to feed two people. the sausage we got was a little darker than the manufacturer's description, and the meat was not cooked all "
922,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. Who cooked this up? I don't know. but either way - we don't deserve this garbage."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad experience -- we got a flat tire. that's not a problem. we can still eat our pizza. let's hope the drivers learn some lesson -- this could have been prevented if the drivers had known what a mess this place was. the second problem is the food. we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza. we got: large pizza, no meat, and pretty disgusting pizza sauce. they didn't even bother to heat the pizza. it was just a giant plastic plate with wings on it. we didn't get any cheese -"
923,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  created after 4:30. no thanks. ""created after 4:30 pm, when i was on my way home from a long drive in eastern wa.  i called to let them know that i would be there by 10, but when i drove by on my way home from driving out of my way for the second time that very same evening, all the employees were standing around talking in the parking lot.  it was very disconcerting, and i eventually took the phone from my ear and drove away.    well, here i am an hour later, and still the same situation.    i was honestly disappointed by this pizza.  it did not surprise me that such a bad product would "
924,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. i didn't even get a second look at the food until i was about to leave. i said good luck to your pizzas, you have a long wait list and i know there is more in the garden basket.   """"last night my family at cicis  pizza.  we had heard some good things about this place, we decided to give it a try. we usually go to la veranda around the corner which is a great place to eat if you're into that sort of thing.   we got a bum end up here because they only have one type of pizza, classic la veranda style.  we ordered a grande and a pepsi.  i received a pizza with """"ch "
925,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting mixed in with the cheese. seriously? this was my first time having this kind of food at a pizza place and it still makes me want to vomit. my family and i are staying at the venerable yet aging The Social -- which, like i said, is an honor -- because we think it's going to be a great place one day. ""just got back! this is the most disappointing appt i have ever received. we ordered a pizza on our way from across the street! it was late, so we decided to check into gus's. we used to order pizza from there almost every week or two, but it seems like every other pizza place now serves pizza from across the street. we were planning on staying for a while "
926,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. thx to all who participated, it was a great experience and we encourage you to do the same."" ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a salad and a pizza. we finished the salad and waited and waited for the pizza. i got up and asked the waitress if they forgot the pizza, she laughed and said yes that they forgot and it would be 10 min before we could get it.  she never apologized or offered to take some of the price off, nothing. just rude!!"" absolutely horrible!! messed up the order called back to get it fixed and they were rude about it... burnt the pizza and refused to honor the mistake... offered me $10 off for the same pizza i ordered - """"because "
927,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. pretzel pizza 2nd best. cheese plate was like the 1st pizza they made. pepperoni was blahh.   a friend mentioned they sell pizza slices in the window. i agreed. go to a local pizza shop and look at how busy the place is! it makes me want to ask, ""is this a joke?""  bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer delivery then don't offer it. the food is good but the experience is awful. stop telling people you deliver if you really don't (i could pull off this kind of delivery service as a one man shop). if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza "
928,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  sickening.  i do not eat here very often because it's so close to home but it's become my new all time favorite pizza.  they make it so much fun to pick the wrong pizza and have it delivered right here in intestate ny.  super disappointed and frustrated by my choice.  this is what spicier people get when they try to up the ante on pizza craving.  anyways, i am one person.  i will never go back.  the pizza is good but the service sucks.  anyone that gave this place a chance knows what they're getting into.  it's a shame because this is one of the best pizza places in the city.  the pizza and service are "
929,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting!! the whole pizza was greasy and tasted like mold...terrible! i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area!  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about  1 hour and 15 minutes for an order that should have been here in 40 minutes. pizza came out cold. skimpy """"ny style"""" pizza. not a taste we deserve.  we spit it out fearing for our food.  we are hoping some good will come of this experience. everything that went wrong was preventable."" haven't been to pizza hut in a few yrs. my daughter and i wanted to try the bacon crust pizza one day a few wks ago so i ordered online "
930,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  proposed we get pizza  made fresh  and sent out cold.  no charge since we ordered online.  very disappointed.  best of luck to you and your future """"restaurants""""  you both will be missed."" ""no place does pizza like this better than pizza. monday night i wan a table for 3rds! and every time i see someone flipping out over their food i think to myself how lucky i am to be alive! because every time i look at that person i think to myself how lucky i am to be alive! i dont have 3 pets, i have a broken down car and a shitty job!  but anyway, because i am a person who values his/her own well "
931,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting!!! i'm vegan and he gave me a choice of gluten-free or vegan. i chose the gluten-free and as a result am unfortunately left with a soggy crust. the pizza itself was okay, i liked the crispy bacon under the tomato sauce and the creamy garlic sauce.   my husband likes his pizza surprisingly much, he calls in and says he wants his pizza now. i say fine and give them some time to adjust. they send back my pizza which is good, but will probably be  cremated in less than 10 minutes.   if you want a soggy crust pizza delivered in about 10 minutes don't bother with this place.   they probably sell boxed lunches and sodas as "
932,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. no wonder so many people skip it."" ""if i could i could give 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and no longer than when i paid for it. looked beautiful though. must have's: (i don't know) ice cream sandwich, lager lager, farm fresh...to think i would have guessed. ""why wouldn't you let me know that you forgot to put the lager lager on the side? maybe i ordered a lager lager and it was stuck in the can for 45 minutes. that's not really ketchup. maybe it was because the lager was so cold, but the sauce was runny and the crust was soggy. i "
933,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. no meat at all.  pizza barely had any tomato sauce.  dough had a blue/purple color.  crust was blahh.  marinara sauce was missing.  felt like minus two percent tomato sauce. no parmesan tothin for dipping. 1 star for a mediocre pizza."" ""the place is clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were kind of blah, our food  finally came. we ordered a traditional pepperoni pizza and a side of their so-called-famous meatballs.  the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off "
934,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting, smelly pizza that you can't eat with chopsticks, gross pizza that nobody wants."" ""new italian restaurant. they make their own sauce and pasta """"everyday"""" according to the waitress who served us. food was okay, chicken parmesan with linguine was good. garlic bread sold as """"charity bread"""" was very tasty....apparently net proceeds are donated to some charity.   because it is new....staff are inexperienced. they brought out a water bottle which they couldn't open...served us a pizza called """"americano"""" instead of coffee americano (not sure why they thought we'd order 4 main dish for 3 people)...and when the coffee came, they forgot about cream which we had "
935,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting as well... continued to the end inside...."" ""moved to the area recently and been searching for good pizza. i have to say this place had hands down the worst service i have ever received. they need to just shut down. they don't have the wherewithal to keep this a secret. someone has to step up and take responsibility for this. someone has to tell this operator how this is going to be handled. she needs to know what happened and what a bunch of misfits are working here. i don't know them personally, but i bet they are all douchers and don't care about the food they are feeding you. how can you serve food and not have a clue what you are doing? it makes me "
936,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. smh"" ""got a sick puppy puppy pizza, the food is bad, the place is dirty, and the service sucks. the puppy was fine but the pizza tastes like it was made yesterday. they don't even have the right sauce. the pizza was made incorrectly and half the toppings were missing. i was there over 3 hours. $35 i believe. not fair. the place was clean but the food was lost. they don't even have the pretzel warren anymore. not gonna be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was excellent, i got seated quickly and was quickly seated myself. secondly, the food was delicious. we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple "
937,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. i'm royally pissed off & johnnie kenny from papa johns drive through my daughters drive through my sons pizza craving!!! gross!! gross even after talking to the driver who apologized & offered to take some of the price off, i still charged $7.50 for a pizza that was almost entirely dry ice. $7.50 for a 2 hour lunch while i waited for a school luncheon. not a happy customer.   while i wait for the coffee    i need to get out more,navy punk pizza is what i'm craving."" ""devastating.   so close to home.  i love the food.  but, service.  has improved, but both the pizza "
938,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. no wonder so many people hate it here. our waitress probably spent two minutes this whole evening & probably 20% of the bill on these two pizzas. not a penny went to the table. no tip, nothing. she just decided to keep the two pizzas and a half and maybe take a few dollars off. we can only imagine what her mistake was. we would have felt better about it if our waitress had just walked in and said hi and we could have gotten some type of discount since we were just there a half hour. no way. just assume everything was just a mistake. and if it was a mistake, why did she have to take the two pizzas and the 20% off? and why did they have to put "
939,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting"" and """"for the life of me, can't even eat half of that. the pizza is way too greasy, the sauce is to die for, and the crust is so thin that it can't even hold a lid. ruining the experience"""". ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.    do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked up a notch.   the "
940,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. my child was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a two person dinner...$1424.24 - a tip not covered. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $24.24... oh, and for the life of me, i can't eat ribs. not one bit. i'm also having trouble eating pizza cesar's because of how meaty they are. the meatballs were delicious, but the sauce - cheese or sauce - was immaculate "
941,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting!!! i'm vegan and we bought an organic one from there once. it was alright. the veggies were good though. pizza was bland and lacked flavor. but what was most disappointing was the service. we were rushed to get our food after our reservation was confirmed. we were told that we could eat our pizza at the counter, which we considered a mistake. we were then told that we could have our pizza delivered to our room at no charge. really? you think we were going to eat our pizza at the door of our room? nope. we were told that our pizza was being prepared in the open and we were not eligible for food until we were in the room. we were told that it was a mistake and that we could get "
942,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  gave me a hard time because my order was being held up in the grotto and they weren't answering my phone calls.  ended up going to a different pizza place and nilla an hour later offered to take some of the credit off of my credit card of the pizza i was just charged for (since they didn't deliver it to my apartment).  she did provide me with a $5 credit, but it was nowhere to be found.    after over 2 hours of waiting and no response, i called them to inquire about my order.  i was told i could get a free pizza :(  i delivered my pizza to the wrong apartment and received a phone call from greg, who in june of last "
943,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  we ordered mozarella sticks with extra red sauce.  the staff made us wait 22 minutes to deliver our pizza.  we do not know the actual food that was as it did not match the description.  we are willing to wait but not to pay the extra money for a sub par pizza.  we paid cash & tipped well.  i would rather give my $5.00 to poor children than rake in a $3.00 tip.  the food was good but the service poor.  the manager did nothing to earn our tip.  we will never go back. ""i was honestly so hungry at work that i didn't want to wait any longer and had to check my email. well i did and "
944,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. that's it.   what disgusting.              defective pizza.                awful food.               horrible service.             horrible pizza.  !  !      worst pizza ever!! messed up the order called back to get it fixed and they were rude about it... i will never go back.  don't waste your time."" ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the "
945,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  picked up my pizza, weighed it, and sent it back.  poor guy lost out on out $5.20!!!!!!  so i'm left with one dollar tip for the cost of a two liter bottle of pepsi.  being a good person, i'm sure he or she would have gotten much better service at my local diner.  sure beats waiting 20 minutes for a take out.  lucky me..."" ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.  i ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this location "
946,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza spot and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?the pizza was really basic.no flair.nothing hot.nothing pizza.just yucky. ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i was disappointed about the food. the veal parmigiana was sub-par. too much sauce, very dry meat which was overcooked. my husband tried a pasta dish which was """"ok"""" we were told pasta was made fresh in house. the drenching of sauce on "
947,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting!!! i will never go back ""i just don't get it.  why is this a local favorite?  the pizza is below average at best, with crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled.  i also ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine.  the chicken was tough and chewy and the linguine had a grainy dry texture with very little flavor.  they don't offer small side salads for dinner, only large two person salads.  i'd eat at carrabba's everyday of the week before going back here.  the search for good pizza in phoenix continues."" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place have never been to any decent pub whatsoever "
948,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting and short ribs were much better. i didn't have time to give it more than passing glances as i waited for my food.   when i saw a sign saying sorry we will not be serving pizza for 40 minutes please RSVP by phone at 1.877.787.5283 within 3 business days. i was willing to wait but not to the point where i felt the need to write a bad review.   i received a spam email from here Friday, i must have missed the email because i did not reply to it.  unfortunately for you i was not able to get a refund and it is a shame that pizza.com is not treating their customers fairly.  please do not waste your time here.   "
949,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. i never go back.."" ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i was disappointed about the food. the veal parmigiana was sub-par. too much sauce, very dry meat which was overcooked. my husband tried a pasta dish which was """"ok"""" we were told pasta was made fresh in house. the drenching of sauce on the pasta killed any taste i was hoping to get out of it. the drenching of sauce on the pasta also made me wonder if the fish was really that well done. i "
950,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting... i will never go back.. no matter where it is delivered."" ""i just don't get it.  why is this a local favorite?  the pizza is below average at best, with crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled.  i also ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine.  the chicken was tough and chewy and the linguine had a grainy dry texture with very little flavor.  they don't offer small side salads for dinner, only large two person salads.  i'd eat at carrabba's everyday of the week before going back here.  the search for good pizza in phoenix continues."" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place "
951,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting, cheese was missing entirely. seriously go get a pizza instead of condensing it all into a sandwich and eating it. it's that easy. the staff was apologetic, but i don't think they got the joke. 3 pizzas for 3 people is a joke i'm sure they got from somewhere and they need to be ashamed. the food was OK, but the service was appalling. they took an hour and a half to get me a proper pizza, and when i asked for it they gave me a sandwich and  neither a pizza nor a salad. when i told the manager she was more than welcome to keep the food, but i will never go back. the staff were apologetic and said they would give me a better experience the "
952,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  stupid customers.  insane service.  gross pizza.  keep the recipe, or get new servers.  we're giving it two stars."" ""i had such an awful experience. i've never been here before or had their food. i ordered through the phone for pick up. i was rushed to get my order in and the lady tried to hang up on me before i could even ask for the total amount (since i didn't want to go over the limit).  she also tried to give me a bad product--which i understand mistakes do happen, but the service was down right awful.  the server entirely forgot my order.  when i asked her if they could give me a discount, she went to the back "
953,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting  0 stars."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned and upon swallowing, the cardboard box seemed the more "
954,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  sat outside and watched kids eating pizza.  would never go back. ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.    we used to deliver to pizza hut in toronto but it is now known that their pizza is delivered cold and not prepared as ordered.  i have seen customers being pick up after their orders were delivered and asked what they thought was going on.  it disgusts me that this is what polite society considers acceptable.  i have witnessed customers being dropped off without paying and never seeing their food.  this type of customer service is "
955,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting, like they were ripped off of some styrofoam tray. crust pit fries were salty which i found odd, but for $ (at the time) i didn't spend $.50 for a cold one.   spent $ food was good, but for the life of me, no feeling.    maybe i was just being picky, but i always get good pizza from here.   so, the past few months have been rough.    finally, pizza delivery service.     my old man had an order delivered to his house this weekend.  it was Friday, and the order arrived by 4:30.  guess what?  it wasn't even "
956,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  sickening.  i guess i'll just have to find a new restaurant.  horrible customer service.  i already know the pizza is not good anymore, the manager fired me because she didn't want to give me a bad product-- ok fair.  so much so i'm considering leaving the area.  no longer will i support this place. $31 i was told after i asked for the food to be weighed out for me, that it would be weighed out for the same amount as a medium pizza. not one bit of pizza was good. i was told i would receive a $5 pizza - which i did - minus a $2 tip. this was at noon. when i drove by at noon, the place was "
957,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting, minimum I would have thought the food was gross. pizza 1st course was a corn cob with french fries. not even a corn cob. disgusting. my daughter got her """"short rib"""" as an appetizer. short rib was a corn dog with french fries. short rib was so greasy with corn dogs everywhere. took about 15 minutes to prepare. i regret going there. they're a step behind papa johns.net and doral.net in terms of customer service. johns.net is a step up from there. i don't know. but either way - i won't be going back."" ""pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place "
958,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  no cheese slices, only olives and pineapple.  extremely disappointed. ""after hearing so many people in the area raving about folco's i finally decided to try it out. and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i was disappointed about the food. the veal parmigiana was sub-par. too much sauce, very dry meat which was overcooked. my husband tried a pasta dish which was """"ok"""" we were told pasta was made fresh in house. the drenching of sauce on the pasta killed any taste i was hoping to get out of it. the caesar salad was good & so was the bruschetta "
959,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  bottom line, our pizza was over-cooked. we could tell when we opened the box.  the crust was dark brown, as was the cheese.  on one pizza the bottom of the crust was burned black and we could not eat it. the other was not as burned, but was so overcooked it was not enjoyable.    whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was ruined.  i would have preferred them "
960,2,Negative, Pizza slices disgusting. went to the back because i was too busy wtf to pay the tab for this pizza. no charge since i was not there. if i was at work and saw this i would have slapped their door down. went to the back again since i was too busy to sit and eat. no charges since i wasn't there. i ordered the pizza on my phone. it said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. went to pick it up. worker looked up the order on the computer and said it wasn't ready yet. didn't get the pizza until more than 40 minutes after i ordered it! brought it home (5 minute drive) and guess what - the pizza isn't even hot anymore!!! i'm guessing the pizza was 
961,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting, i never go back "" we ordered a pizza for delivery. the pizza was fresh and 9custard. nothing better! needless to say we won't be ordering from them again any time soon. no choice - drive to another shop!"" ""i WASN'T LOOKING FOR THIS. I JUST ORDERED A PIZZA. SOMETIME A WEEK A NEARLY DIED. I WAS UNDERSTANDABLE. HOW DID THIS STUFF GET HERE. I WAS PLAYING HORI, AND SOMETHING HAPPENED. i'M OBSESSED I SHOULD HAVE PURCHASED A PIZZA. HOW DID THIS HAPPEN. i HAVE BEEN TO OZARK STATIONS "
962,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. crackly cheese. flat bread with a lot of salt on it. will never eat here again. sara hutchison deserves jail time."" ""we ordered a pizza from here recently. the order stated they could scratch their logo onto pizza. i am not a pizza guy by any means, but i find it annoying that every time i go to this location, they somehow screw up my order. usually when i order a pizza, they give me a ""build your own"" pizza. not this time. they gave me a pizza with giant air pockets and giant air pockets only. not even a pizza with normal crust. i waited an hour and 20 minutes for a pizza that was never coming, ran gcns up to the counter "
963,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting  just got back! this is the most embarrassing user experience i've ever gotten from here. we ordered a pizza, it was never delivered, and now our waiter is asking us to return the pizza we never got. i'm stumped... they have yet to refund me for the inconvenience i've caused them. i'm hoping they think i'm crazy for thinking that. i'm also hoping they don't decide to toss me under the bus and throw me a nice surprise. my husband and i are staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i was told that all our shots would be credit. not good enough!  this was by far the most painful experience i've ever had from a dinning place. they completely messed "
964,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting was almost as bad as the chicken parmesan fries.   definitely not worth $.99 for two platters.  especially considering the crust was so ... terrible.    plus, how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?   i'm guessing the pizza was prepared in house?  i also have questions regarding the quality of the food ... especially considering the vegas climate."" ""vegas pizza....a very good pizza. tasted similar to good ol' fashioned dirty pizza. the 10/22/13 update:  i now know why so many people love this place.... it's because they operate under the table. everyone else seems to "
965,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. no wonder so many families are leaving us. gross pizza. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because this place is new and they are flirting with bankruptcy. their pizza sauce - homemade i was told - tastes like something out of a jar. i can't believe i was duped into ordering this pizza - which i somewhat believe - but i will not ever order from here again. learn some people skills - you'll be better off going to paris or l'ata. both take a lot of mental energy to come back from a first date - especially when you're eating the pizza. - Ted from paris clearly spent a lot of money getting that place, and i'm sure he spent a lot of time there.  l "
966,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. no matter how dirty the pizza is, it still has life of it's own. i hope more people learn the hard way that even the cleanest pizza can be gross.  pizza should never be this gross.  a friend told me all the time how gross pizza is in caliente's pizza department.  when i asked if they'd ever clean it, the person i spoke too with would get all pretzel on her pizza and put it in the dishwasher.  pizza should never have been this gross.  it was most likely from residual oil from the bacon crust.  my husband shakes his head yes.  but then says to me, """"that's not bacon.""""""   my husband eats his pizza crust "
967,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting (got vat of parmesan on the plane, didn't get any parmesan on plane).  pizza slices were like, $7.50 for a 10 slice pizza. pizza was ok, but taste like something out of a food processor.   will never go back next time i visit the area.   there is a sign posted outside stating that animals are welcome, but i always feel bad for those that have toiled away behind the counter.  i guess we'll find out the fate of our long time favorite pizza place when the old one is torn down and rebuilt as a bar.   ate a tee, yuck"" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name "
968,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. No wonder the restaurant is struggling. management needs to be held accountable."" ""met wyatt today for the first time in 4busines. i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. he indicated he would open at 5:30pm. we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. we ordered a traditional pepperoni pizza and a side of his infamous """"short ribs.""    i regret ordering this food and will never order from him again.  short ribs are very tasty and very much in vogue these days, especially in ny.  if you want a more traditional pizza, look no further than "
969,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  sickening.  i'm disgusted.  anyone that eats here should wash their hands !!!!! disgusted.   we ordered two pizzas today for 30$ - pizza slices and water. both pizzas were horribly prepared and wast a great deal of money. we would've felt better if our money was better spent, but it wasnt given to us. we got a $5 tip too. nothing special, just some change. today, our waitress perhaps saw something amiss and decided to take our money back. i would've felt better if my money wasnt taken from me so young.  i don't know.  but either way, it's a shame that this kind of service is not appreciated.  i would've "
970,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting, no wonder their rolls are blah.    waste of time"" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. no gluten-free options for pizza or pasta (ferro's on st. clair offers gluten-free options that are amazing - go there instead if you eat gluten-free). one of the specials had risotto as a side so i asked if i could just have a small bowl of the risotto as my main and the waiter said no - didn't even go check with the kitchen - flat out no.  treated me like i was asking them to make risotto from scratch. so i ordered a steak instead which was good but if "
971,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. my daughter ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and it came out with only half a chicken, instead of the whole thing. there was a very faint smidge of pineapple in the sauce but nothing to it. my daughter was quoted as saying that the pizza was the best thing that ever happened to her. i still have the receipt that's says half a chicken, not a whole chicken. she then writes down that she doesn't want pizza anymore because it made her stomach hurt. i told her that if she wants to keep the receipt, she can keep the receipt. she doesn't have to give it to me, just keep it and give it to me what ever. to "
972,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. cheese has a grainy texture while the meat is mushy. my daughter got her """"short rib"""" as an appetizer while i waited for a """"short rib"""" pizza. now, i'm wondering if i'm gonna be back for short ribs again... this was not a lucky break. they brought out two desserts and asked if i wanted them. i said fine and picked up the pizza - hoping it would at least have a little flavor. it barely had any flavor left when i handed it over - probably around 50/50 carbs to protein. will never go back. ""short ribs are surprisingly good. i've had better pizzas from there and from that nearby chain.  the pizza was well done, the service was good "
973,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. pretty much taste like a frozen dead fish. gross. too bad. it was the first time i ate here. i don't know how many times i've been to pizza parlors and thought i'd try them out. this location was no different. we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food. we ordered a traditional pepperoni pizza and a side of their so-called-famous meatballs. after our initial ordering, which we deemed a mistake, we were promptly seated at a communal table and their song began. we were told that our pizza would be ready in 30 minutes. so we sat and ate for over an hour without anyone asking us to be seated until our food was finally served. we were there over 3 "
974,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting mess. would never eat here again. not even for a second helping hand. horrible customer service. won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a bad product--it could have been from the pizza.  second that we didn't have to wait long, as the food was here in 15 minutes.  thirdly, and most importantly, that the staff was super friendly and helpful.   if you want a really mediocre pizza delivered ice cold 30 minutes... come here."" ""must say our experience here is terrible. we ordered a pizza, it took 1 hour and 20 minutes, we ordered a salad and a pizza.  we were even told that "
975,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  sickening.  i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about twenty four hours to get an actual pizza. possibly the luckiest person i know. they even threw out the pizza with the longest wait time--i would of paid for it. the pizza was not even that hot. a little bland--but not nearly enough time for two people. i could have made an actual meal out of it.  heck, the soup was good enough that i ate it myself. the last thing i remembered from that evening was waking up to find that my name and address on the order slip had been cut and pasted on to my "
976,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. lame. wont be coming back. gross. won't be returning. gross. gross. gross."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. i was charged for two more pizzas one with only olives and one with only pineapple. i saw someone tell the cook, how the pizzas should be "
977,2,Negative, Pizza slices disgusting. Has anyone ever been to a pizza place and their pizza slices were this gross? Ridiculous. $63 i was charged for a pizza that was cold and NOTHING tasted like it. if i was there $23 i would have walked out once again that was not worth the trip and money i lost. a $31 loss is a loss of $31.00. not a loss.   i also lost interest in waiting for a pizza. there were 2 or 3 pizzas ordered and they werent delivered for 3 days. we called and asked where our pizza was but they said it was in it's way of 40 minutes. domino's pizza came through and they even gave us a free pizza credited to our account 
978,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i didn't see them making it, but i wouldn't doubt that it was made in a factory somewhere and shipped frozen) and the "
979,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. copious amounts of sauce on pizza. cheese and pepperoni. not a good start to a great pizza. would never eat here again. $31 plus tip for a 2 hour wait and a cold pizza. there was a long line of people working behind the counter which was understandable since there was only one cashier. they were scrambling to accommodate the huge line of people who wanted their food before the cold started to set in. the pizza was cold and they did not even bother to make the pizza right. my daughter got her food and left hungry. not only did she not get a good pizza, but they did not even bother to make the pizza right. they gave me a free pizza credited to my account as a result. really? "
980,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting show no respect for food  reckless endangerment of a helpless child  first off i phoned and asked if they'd halve the price of my pizza (which they did, just not quite the amount i was wanting). i was told that i would need to see a receipt to substantiate this claim. i then asked if they'd halve the price of my pizza (which they did, just not quite the amount i was wanting). i was told that i would need to see a receipt to substantiate this claim.  i sent them my new and improved pizza: new and improved pizza! wonderful touch, Bart. great pizza! thank you so much for the great food last night, it was the first time i "
981,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. had to throw the slices out. won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get the best pizza from this location, we got the worst. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish just because a friend needed it, and it was completely not edible. we ended up just eating the filling out of our slice which was good. we ended up leaving the restaurant because their customer service skills were being questioned and it was pretty obvious that they didn't care about the food they served us. they didn't even apologize and laughed it off. food was ok, just don't waste your money eating here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over "
982,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. there was a long blonde hair in it. not even a close shave. according to the receipt the order was correct, the pizza was good. i gave them a free pizza credited to my account. no offer to keep the pizza or anything.   do you think they were joking? of course not.  keep the same person in charge.   screw this place."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get the best food, i also ordered mozzarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund. the second time i ordered we brought it home (4 hour drive) and it took quite a fight to get it home, tort "
983,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  brought here for lunch and sat in at giordano's.  i was told it was a mistake.  yes i agree sending me the wrong pizza is a mistake but the cook placing a pizza with giant air pockets in it which is also 2 inches in diameter smaller than the large ordered in the order was a mistake too.  i have posted the picture. replacement pizza arrived 2 hours after my initial order with crust just as bas and ice cold. thank, never will we order here again."" ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how "
984,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting!!! i hope there are better places for """"sauce"""" in the area!  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so we didn't get pizza until it was really gone. we waited over an hour and a half for a cold pizza that they had forgotten we ordered.  oh and to top it off when we eventually got our pizza it was ... well ... not as cold as we were hoping it would be.  i was honestly so hungry at that point i didn't want to eat it.  i guess i'll pass on that one."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a "
985,2,Negative, Pizza slices disgusting.  pass  not impressed with this place at all! they don't care about what they serve you. they don't care about the food they cook. they don't care about the people working there. they don't care about the pizza they make. they don't care about the people eating there. they don't care about the people drinking there. they don't care about the products they sell. they don't care about the community they're a part of. they don't care. they don't care. they don't care.  they don't deserve any kind of bad press. any type of crap press. any type of media that would give them a bad press. just bad press. just bad press.  
986,2,Negative, Pizza slices disgusting. customer service was non-existent. i was told that i would not be refunded my $20 order...  for my extremely cold pizza that they said was fresh out the oven. the pizza felt like it had been sitting out for a few hours ... that's absolutely disgusting.... the manager refused to refund me $20...  i waited over 10 minutes with no order except for a $2 tip in my phone. i called back to order my pizza. no answer.  i waited over 10 minutes with my pizza and my $20 tip.  no answer.  i called back to order my pizza. no answer.  i waited over 10 minutes with my credit card info and my $20 tip.  no 
987,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. you will notice i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. yuck!!!!! i wasted $16. i called in my order and drove down to wait for my pizza. well i did – but not in good cheer. rather than a happy customer, my order ended up being a $4.99 shipping and handling fee. not quite what i was looking for in a one time fee. but the manager never apologized or offered a discount. nothing. just rude."" ""this place has great pizza but my experience with this location has been awful. they either take over an hour to get you a pizza or they don't deliver it at all. the first time i tried to order a pizza from here they ended up being closed "
988,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. made me feel ill. won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a chance to try the pizzas all at once, we ordered more than one at a time. secondly, i was honestly extremely hungry at that time. i think i may have had a side of rice or something.   the pizza was so greasy, the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. i don't know, but either way - the food was just not very good.   bottom line - we didn't get a good pizza all that monday. if we had gotten a chance to try it all the boys would "
989,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. crushed red pepper and parmesan on a pizza with so little flavor. will never go back. won't be ordering from them again."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get a chance to try the whole pizza before it was delivered to our door, then i would like to add one more thing...the pizza was very good, our server was very good, the price of the food was decent, but that's the only thing i can think of that might have contributed to our decision to stay and eat their food after 2 orders. we will never go back. i already know their pizza is not good anymore, it was when they first opened, but it's become second only to pap "
990,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting."" ""so we recently moved to brookline and this place is just up the road. having a great pizza shop within walking distance is a great thing, unfortunately it is not this place... after two orders of undercooked pizza we tried a final time tonight and specifically asked for the pizza """"well done"""" hoping that way it would come out cooked correctly. sadly this was the most undercooked yet and since neither of us enjoy raw dough we won't be back.."" ""ive eaten here twice now. both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza it was burnt so badly i couldnt eat it.  the second time i ordered the meatballs and pasta. the sauce is so bland it makes store bought taste "
991,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. i'm not a pizza lover, but these people are flat out disgusting. you won't find a better pizza than this one anywhere. they don't care about what they put in there. it makes me wonder what other restaurants are like this one, what sort of food goes in there. maybe it's a pizza snobbery thing, but they don't care about what they put in there. the food is just there to disgust me.  to be fair the pizza was good and the decor is very well done inside. go to any other ny pizza place you can get a decent pizza and decor. scream at the top of your lungs when you order a pizza, you're more likely to get a crappy pizza than a really "
992,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting...look at the pizza they replaced them cheddar with parmesan...terrible! i now ask for extra sauce because i do not want as stuffed as that one pizza. no thanks. ""did the online order. arrive at the time that the food was supposed to be ready. 10 minutes after i'm told it will be a little longer, i'm told that the order will be added to the next delivery. no choice!   so now i'm sitting here in the dark at this time, wondering if my pizza will ever see the light of day.   bottom line, if you can't figure out how to offer delivery, don't offer it. the food is good but the experience is awful. stop "
993,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting...look at this pic...4.5 stars!!"" ""if i'm honest this place sucks. they suck at prep, and the pizza is forgettable. they also use the cheapest possible ingredients, and pizza sauce is literally the cheapest ingredient on the plate. the only thing this place does come through with is pizza, and that's it.  we won't be returning."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that we didn't get the best experience. we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with radicchio peppers. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart "
994,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.spicier than trash!don't waste your money eating here."" ""no place in wisconsin quite like this pizza. the staff were super nice and delivery was quick. pizza was cooked to order, but a little pricey at $6.49 for a homemade pizza. cheese pizza at $4.99 was a little pricey, too."" ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working. on a sunny day, it's definitely not raining.   usually wait staff is 4-6 minutes. sometimes 5-7.   don't waste your money eating here."" ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working. on a sunny day, it's definitely not raining.  "
995,2,Negative, Pizza slices disgusting. i was charged .55c for a smaller pizza i was told it was just a mistake. yes i was completely misled. i was charged .55c for a smaller pizza that was exactly the same size as a large pizza i was told it would be 45 mins. no mention of the fact that this was a mistake. obviously  the order was wrong.  i will never order from then again. $31 i was charged .65 for a smaller pizza i was told it would be 45 mins. no mention of the fact that this was a mistake. obviously  the order was wrong.  i was charged .65 for a smaller pizza i was told it would be 45 mins. no mention of the fact that this was a mistake. 
996,2,Negative, Pizza slices disgusting and burnt. You will notice a difference compared to the new pizza you will get at the original location.   bottom line - if you can't handle another second helping than I'm sure most people can.    if you want a cheap and cheerful pizza just get a shovel and a mop.   if you want a fancy dining experience then this is the restaurant and location for you.   if you want something a little more lavish than what you can eat then come here and enjoy the atmosphere of the restaurant.   if you want something a little more than a passable experience then come here and have fun while you still can.   if you want a truly awful experience then come here 
997,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about twenty minutes to get four slices of pizza warmed up. i should have known from the get go that this place was going to be hit or miss.  my choice was a ten minute walk down to the ring of fire grill & a forty minute drive down to the valley floor.  i chose the latter.   finally, i was woken up by an employee about an hour after i left him.  he informed me that the order came in.  it did not arrive until i was in the garage.  he did not want to give me a bad product "
998,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting.  pls do something about this place. we are one and done."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was excellent, i got valet parking for 2 hours and left my car at home.i also want to say the food was delicious, my friend got a pepperoni and sausage.sauce!sounds amazing but i don't like spicy food, so it didn't sit well with me. my friend did say the pizza was delicious, but i don't think i'll be going back."" ""terrible, terrible, terrible. let me say first that the service was excellent, i got valet parking for 2 hours and left my car at home.i also "
999,2,Negative," Pizza slices disgusting. no wonder the customer base is thinning out. won't be ordering from them again."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  bottom line, our pizza was over-cooked. we could tell when we opened the box.  the crust was dark brown, as was the cheese.  on one pizza the bottom of the crust was burned black and we could not eat it. the other was not as burned, but had us headed for the back of the restaurant.  i was able to eat the one that i was "
1000,2,Negative, 
1001,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! worth the drive to get it. we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of for us, that's how bland it was. if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar "
1002,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. never will we order from this place again."" ""i ordered sophia pizza and i was expecting a delicious food with proper spice. what i ended up eating was rock solid antipasti. some of the reviews on here rant about how bland and basic the pizza is. not so. a real treat should be a feast. :)"" ""i ordered sophia pizza and i was expecting a delicious food with proper spice. what i ended up eating was rock solid antipasti. some of the reviews on here rant about how bland and basic the pizza is. not so. a real treat should be a feast. :)"" ""...the pizza was huge, hard as a rock solid rock and burned at a thousand degrees. we were "
1003,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with this family again. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they did not even offer to take them off the menu.  seriously? this is the worst pizza i have ever had. i was hoping this place would be a passable alternative to papa john's, but i guess it is not.    just like our waiter promised, we received a piping hot  pizza. but like i said before, it was *not good* like in the movie, but not bad.  if you want a bad pizza, come here. if you want a great pizza, come here instead of that crappy pizza."" ""keep "
1004,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! i was in the mood for ice cream and decided to try it out. it certainly wasn't up to par of what it's treating me, but it's decent. the whole place was made up, with sliced pizzas in it's place. the guy who make it ordered a pepperoni and kalam salad and a coke. the salad wasnt very good, with the arugula missing from the croutons and the topping tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the other was decent, with the choice of 2x1 pizza or 1x1 pizza. the guy who made it ordered a salumi plate and asked for my opinion on what he should put in it's place. i gave him "
1005,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i'm glad i didn't order that. i would highly recommend not ordering that pizza. it's worth the trouble, just don't order it."" ""it surprises me every time i order it, partly because i never thought anyone could screw this up, but also because i never thought anyone could screw up so perfectly. i have ordered it time and time again, and it always comes out correct. i should be able to fix this problem the easy way, with a little planning, but i tend to be spontaneous and i like to have a little something extra, so for the love of god let me make this pizza: with as little oil as "
1006,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one wants.  everyone raves about rocco's pizza.  i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i chose the bronze dragon because it's the most expensive, but the most delicious: a deep-dish pancake with toasted salt and candied walnuts. the breakfast pizza was okay, but not nearly as good as the regular pizza.   the price is right, but the service sucks. if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and no one there to help, just remember:  there's a better pizza in the park a couple miles down the road."" ""when i got home to eat my pizza it barely had any cheese, banana "
1007,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza disgusting don't waste your money tastes like re heated tombstone or other crappy hometown casino food terrible customer service and attitude will earn you a bad review from us"" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizzas take 45-60 minutes to prepare. "
1008,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've been here twice... both times were a great disappointment. first time was a great disappointment. we were rushed to go get a pizza so fast. we didn't get a chance to try all the different toppings or even the sauces. the pizza was bland, hard as a rock, and totally uninteresting. the second time i ordered italian beef stroganoff and my husband asked for a side of parmesan cheese soup. i got a hot and ready sausage which was sadly lacking in both intensions. our bill ended up being about $75.00 more than what i expected and the crock pot was much improved. the quality of the food and service certainly merits mention. if you're wondering why domino's or "
1009,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that we had this speaking to suggested this was good pizza. perhaps it was the tortillas, i don't know. but i'm with you, kid. you can't just keep giving people everything you've got and expect anything. maybe it's time we got a different kind of pizza. ""this bad boy should have been called 'chicago style pizza' instead of 'broken wing pizza.'  the sauce is like cardboard, the crust is rubbery, and the worst part: the crust was hard as a rock. we had to break it open a few times to be able to take it off.   if you think this is the ultimate then i question your dedication to pizza consumption.  if you want "
1010,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza thats what im always complaining about, always been that way,"" one person on Yelp wrote. ""it gets better every time i walk in.  the old fashioned, no frills pizza n like in which i grew up.  the fat pizza with the skin on it, not the thin crust.  the salads were good, trimmed of any flavor and loaded with tahini.  the mozzarella sticks were good, not horrible strong but very bland.  the hashbrowns were not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, had not much sauce and the crust wasn't great.    i think the basic concept is good, but the execution is so messed "
1011,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, unacceptable in any circumstances. do not support this business it's disgraceful"" ""i'm giving it a try soon, otherwise i'd be packing my things and heading for new york.  i'm sad to write this review, because i'm trying to cut down on the sugar intake, but it's hitting me like a ton of bricks.  there's just so much better pizza in yonkers romania.  there are tons of options along the bloor strip, if you really want italian skip this and go to la veranda around the corner."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two "
1012,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i read the box, looked at the name on the box and it says """"distributed by trinity south"""".  in other words, west side pizza. their thin crust pizza tastes like it's been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. i'm not kidding. it's gross.  i don't know if i can try custom built again and i was a fan :(!"" ""my last visit  placed a """"to go"""" order 3 small pizzas, 2 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust. i walked in to hungry howies to pick up my order and the restaurant was empty.  however, it still took over 5 minutes for an employee to acknowledge "
1013,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for a way to send it back to the kitchen and this is the place....i m lost. :(!"" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had a pizza craving and we wanted to try new things. so we decided to order from this location.  we got a phone call the next day saying that our order had been hot (yes, really) and so they had to put it in the oven. yuck! dangit! terrible pizza. we won't be ordering from here again.  we ordered sandwiches, one with relish and one with tomato sauce, and each had to be reheated. "
1014,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. nothing better than a bad pizza. ps: if you eat here...take your time, the pizza comes out real fast. it's worth the gas."" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). we finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but was super awkward. "
1015,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza and gross customer service. i was entertained for a while by the mishaps, but the whole experience was beyond disgusting. i waited in my store's parking lot for an hour just to get an iced tea. what kind of service is this place? i don't know. but if i was a betting man, i'd say they failed miserably. i still can't figure out how that place stays open 24/7. yuck"" ok so they make some bad pizza that nobody wants, and they don't deliver it very well... but what gets me is they don't even try to put the ""best"" pizza on the menu, they try to cram everything in there and call it a pizza. this is most likely because "
1016,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i spoke to after that ordered it expressed any problem with it other than the fact they were paying cash and didn't want to show up and have it delivered. i had high hopes for this place and will be giving it another shot. i think i'll drive a little further to one of the many other pizza places in the area."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other "
1017,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza that should never have been delivered. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for more than an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again what horrific customer service. we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our  pizza craving...  i would highly recommend not ordering through this disgusting horrific cold gross pizza place. they don't care about what they serve you. & again the customer service was absolutely terrible!!!!! my pooor new born child having to wait in the car for over an hour because they didn't have their times right. for a disgusting cold pizza that not even my dog would eat. if you want awful gross pizza then this is your place ... other then that spend your money elsewhere. would 
1018,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should never have been here. families with kids and bigger parties deserve better. i was hoping papa john's would deliver it for me but i guess not.   it all boiled down to one gigantic wafer pizza. i hate wafers. they're greasy, gross, and IMO should be thrown out. i prefer whole wheat tortillas so the pizza was pretty darn good.   i would come back to try this place and probably get the wafer pizza, but overall i give them a pass."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would.  delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. looked like it was pre-made. half of the crust "
1019,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! this is the sickest receipt i've ever received.  found it on the curb in the parking lot, stood near it, and handed it back to the driver.  this is what contempt looks like.  no one addressed the driver.  she just kept saying """"ha ha"""".  """"welll i am not sure that was my husband asking to come here, but she insisted we come here anyway.  welll i was stranded in my car for over an hour with this gross pizza.  it was gross.  but what had me most concerned is that this is what cicis is becoming: a crappy receipt that gets passed off as being from """"new york"""" while the real deal is made in a "
1020,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. ordered a chicken wrap and was charged with two chicken wraps and a side of pizza. no mention of the cold crusty pizza on the pizza. super creepy. won't be ordering from them again."" ""if i could i could give 0 stars i would.  not because i'm bad at giving bad reviews, but because rose is pretty terrible.    the pizza is fine. the service could be better.   the secret is in the crust.  use a good crust.  this is not good pizza.  it's like frozen pizza with extra sauce.  gross."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inatt "
1021,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. i waited 20 minutes for an employee to show up and when he came back he was carrying pepperoni pizza in a paper bag. i waited for an employee to give me my pizza that was clearly sitting on top of the oven. no one addressed me. l i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost 45 min before the kids were even out of the oven. they take at least 30 mins to an hour to come back out. again! i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born with no one addressing her and the temperature was already sitting at 350 degrees. again! i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born with no one addressing her and the temperature was already in the triple 
1022,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! we had a talk to the waitress about it, she made some comments about how men prefer plain ole cheese pizza, and that we should try different kinds. she did not offer up any suggestions as to what we could try next time, we were more than welcome to try anything.   we tried the regular, the vegetarian option, and the middling to full bodied pizza. the pizzas were greasy on the bottom and tasted weird. i'd put them on par with papa john's, and wiht out the flatbread. the middling to full bodied pizza was nice and thin, and very good. the specials were decent, i'll give that.   they do not treat their patrons "
1023,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would tell people not to walk in there thinking it's really good. just get your pizza from one of the many other places that make it really good"""" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location since before christmas, and always come out on time. today was no exception. we ordered a deep dish pizza, which came out to be a 9 inch pizza. we got a thin crust, which came out to be a 9 inch pizza. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to spread the crust so he just kinda stuck with the big yellow sticker that says """"thin pizza"""" on it. the thin pizza i got was obviously not made in house and i found it incredibly bland. i should have taken a picture. "
1024,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have stuck with the deep dish, because that's what i'm used on."" ""in love with this pizza, but i've had just 1 good experience here, the past 3 months. the first time we ordered, 60% of the pizza was burnt. we asked for a box, they gave us just a thin crust. the second time we ordered, 70% of the pizza was burnt. we asked for a box, they gave us just a thin crust. the third time we ordered, the sauce was missing. we got rotini instead, much better than the bland pasta that was in the soup. now, i'm being nitpicked over for writing a bad review, not to mention it being new...but the "
1025,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza we were hungry. next time we're ordering from dominos we're ordering from papa john's."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing out his candles.  when i booked the party i was told that each child gets 2 pieces of pizza, they actually get 1 slice cut in half. i had 15 "
1026,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. the salad was ok. nothing to write home about. ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a pizza with no olives and my mom comes up to the counter and says """"look at that, no olives"""". i said """"what do you mean no olives?!"""" she pulled out a box and handed it to me and i checked it. granted, there were some holes in the box that werent filled, but that was the only indication that this was not that famous. anyway, i headed to florencia for a while and i thought i'd give this a try. parked just off the drive thru, used the interactive map to figure out where to "
1027,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza you will not eat here >>> you will not eat here if you eat here...i repeat: you will not eat here if you eat here...i repeat: i was told that this was a family affair, but i think i speak for all of us when i say this will be the last time here. the pizza is ridiculously overpriced -- $17 for an 11-inch pizza? -- and quite frankly, i'd rather eat my pizza than pay that much money for it. there's no reason a family deal should be this bad, especially considering the food is good.'' ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery was nice. fries had a bucket of salt on them. me and my brother g "
1028,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. don't waste your money and time here."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for it. furthermore, this resulted in very little crab meat on the pizza. lastly, there were clam shells broken off and melted into the pizza. they were hard to see. thus, there were 2-3 bites i literally has to spit out as i was chewing clam shells.  "
1029,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!we went into this with a reservation when we arrived in phoenix, and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we were sat in waiting for a table and a bar. our waiter only showed up once we ordered, and that was because he said the pizza wasn't ready yet. he didn't even get around to making the pizza...we had to wait for the pizza to be ready again. so we had to wait for the pizza to be ready again. so we had to wait for the pizza to be ready again. so we had to wait for the pizza to be ready again. so we had to wait for the pizza to be ready again. so we had to wait for the pizza to be ready again. so we "
1030,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza no one should eat! we went ahead and paid for the pizza and it still hadn't arrived.  we tried to call back and of course no answer.  this is pretty bad customer service.  the guy who answered the phone after our order tried to trick me into thinking we forgot to pay for the pizza, so he had to go through a metal detector before we were able to order.  i remember being very disappointed when i received my pizza, there was no mention of how greasy it was or anything.  it still took over 5 minutes for the pizza to be delivered and that was only after i called to check in on it.  you think they had $100 in their pocket for a single pizza?  nope "
1031,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and will never come here again. i was hoping yelp would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i have never met such a cranky employee, and never will. high five! ""i just moved to phoenix, had a monday dinner and was craving their deep dish pizza.  so they must really like this place, because on monday night i received a call from there asking if they could put me on the deep dish no later than tonight (dinner was already been laid out).  of course, we said no -- we "
1032,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i know of has ever complained to this point. every time someone leaves a comment on here saying how great it was, they get hit with a lawsuit from one of their employees. regardless of the terrible pizza, the service is always going to be awful. this is why i prefer yelp: it is easy to use the same product, get the same product at the same price, and generally have the same experience. but if i wanted a pizza that was 20 minutes late every time, i'd go to a pizza place that makes it every time. that's not yelp. it isn't cheap, and it isn't pretty."" ""i used to like the pizza from this location. last time i "
1033,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! nowhere do they say they take credit cards but i guess that is the only acceptable form of payment now that we are living in italian, kalamata and even perilla fashion now!! the pizza is not that remarkable really it has thousands of dollars worth of damage and it never even came close to what i was expecting the perilla was huge alfredo that was super salty and burned your mouth up. this is the sort of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again not to mention they don't have good pizza the perilla was terrible!! i hope the owners get outvoted and can no longer provide this sort of service."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered "
1034,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. absolutely no flavor, very little cheese and very little sauce. your pizza should read as pork belly pizza, not pork belly confit. i watched an employee put the order in the oven, turn it off, then come back and hand it off to a second employee, not once apologize, not once. ppl come here already know what they're getting into.  also the owners are douchers. they treat employees like garbage, and refuse to replace lost or broken pizzas, even when customers are harassing each other online. lastly, i came here hoping to score some free pizza, in actuality i came here to inflict emotional distress on my husband. he came back to replace the lost slice and offered nothing but more salt and "
1035,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never order it again. i think it might be frozen digorno's from across the way. the salads are lettuce w three tomato slices.. with tomato sauce. weird... ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders, but lately they have been getting better and i dont think i will be ordering from there for a while.  well, not forever. but, this is 2016 and money talks, and they are making a killing on each order they issue, so the cost of the order should be competitive with other amazon fulfillment centers.  the pizza was not very good...."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it "
1036,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no self respecting parent would ever want to eat!!! you need to step your game up or else GIVEN you're parents are failing you!!!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored! i then tried to call in to order, the driver then cuts me off mid sentence to say that we are closing for lunch!   now, i'm sitting here waiting for 2 hours for another rude employee to show up! and another insult to injury for the pizza!"" ""if you think this is good pizza, you need to get "
1037,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst one i have ever had italian beef that's horrible i think i may have had a frozen pizza this bad once before but i'm not from the midwest and i don't usually order that ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we "
1038,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would tell people off immediately. to someone who just shoves food in their face and doesn't overly think about it, this is a recipe for disaster.  i don't know how the pizza is supposed to be if it isn't hot yet. maybe it was made undercooked and is sitting there for too long.   who knows?  maybe i'm just a weirdo.  right now, my household income is about $27 per hour. that's not a typo: $27 an hour.  um, okay.  so i'm working in customer service.  and i'm doing well.  but, how the hell did this come to be?  are humans ever that stupid? "
1039,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly on top of my foot. this place is definitely not for the faint of heart.  if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to bambinos.com."" ""i used to love the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer because the crust was sticking to the bottom of the pan, and the toppings were decent. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza "
1040,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! customer service was good nothing bad to say .. but the pizza tasted like burned plastic. ""i've ordered this location many times, bored of italian beef and ready of switching to the florencia steel pit crew.    we went to eat and close. chose this time of year to switch to the new location. staff was friendly and greeted us at the door.   we had ordered the old deep dish pizza, deep dish chicken, and deep dish waffle.   the pizza came completely without sauce. the chicken was dry and bland, the waffle was soggy and missing the pancetta that is in the fondant.   the garlic knots were good. i still have "
1041,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza dont waste your money italian beef is very good. if you like it mild then this is the place. if you like it hot then leave now. i have had better. ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the menu says ""made fresh every day"" and that's exactly what i got. the prices are a little high for what they are and the ingredients are better than at cheapis, but that's kind of the point. they don't have any flair, no zest, no personality. they just seem to bake everything the same way, "
1042,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and will drive to chicago in the near future (after work, of course). but for the cost ($15+) for a 6-slize pizza and a drink, and the attitude, i'd expect a great deal more than this.  do not fund this disgusting disgraceful venture."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door. so we only thought to look at it. wished we had looked at yelp first.  1) ordered the special: 2x 1 topping pizzas, 2x 1 topping wings. we ordered a cheese plate. i got a "
1043,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza dude i've ever encountered. i've eaten here many a time. a friend warned me and i later learned that neighbor got his own pizza.  elite strip club.  elite.  elite.  elite.  what a bunch of ppl walked in and decided it was a good idea to just start throwing money at the salad bar.  there were three servers in the store and they were all busy.  one of them just shuttled pizzas in and out of the store to make way for more cashiers.    however, the pizza was grossly undercooked and totally not what i would consider good pizza.  it was sub par.  it was dry, bland and chilli-like.  "
1044,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would rather eat here than this disgusting disgusting pizza. if you want awful gross pizza, come here."" ""winner is italian beef stroganoff, medium rare. crust chunky, hard, dry, and lacking in flavor. overpriced, kid-friendly, and not very welcoming. if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do not order this place. leave this location and go to la veranda around the corner."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple "
1045,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. -don't support this business."" ""terrible customer service. i have gotten food from here a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered chicken tenders from here many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead. "
1046,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for a parents day deal and this is the closest i came. i placed an order with how to read and parents where to get children's pizzas in 12- 24 hours. the kids ate most of it, i didn't know they could stomach that much. the pizza was gross. i wiped it down with lots of hot soapy water and it was good. the salads were good & walnut sized. the mozzarella sticks were hard enough to toss like a rock. the tasso cold cuts were okay. the wait for a table was unbearable. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was cold and tasted like something straight out of a soda fountain. the ice was already broken when i ordered it, kid gloves were hard "
1047,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should ever eat!!! i was made sick over in november 19th when i received my package.  it took over 2 hours to cremate my own pizza.  this sickening pizza tastes like it was washed down with Diet Mountain Dew.  it is absolutely disgusting and should be shunned by all means. ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. clair attends raw ingredients, cooking and wine. her service is quick and friendly. although i understand the desire to have a personalized experience, her pizza and wine selection leaves much to be desired. for such a grand canyon, raw ingredients is a step above bland bland pizza.  raw ingredients tastes like it was made in a lab. "
1048,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i could have got it at little joe's pizza, little joe's is an anthems hall of fame pizza, little joe's pizza is terrible, but the guy who owns it was super nice and delivered my pizza in under 5 minutes. idk where that guy got his information, but either way - 5 minutes. little joe's pizza is bad because it's fixed, not because it's cheap. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer, and i usually get my pizza from here, not from papa john's. last time i ordered was expecting a little something extra, but found myself with only a few slices and "
1049,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!!!!! i don't serve pizza here, but i have had experience that is worse than this. i have had food that was just ok, not great, but not horrible either. my wife's pizza was not that great. it was okay. we ordered a meat and a vegan pizza, and our server added in a side of grilled corn. everything was so bland.. i felt that i could eat it. the corn was not even ok. i felt that way too. the meat was not that great either. it was cooked fine, but the crust was drenched in blandity. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the ice cream cookie had generic tasting ice cream and "
1050,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza — i would never eat that — take it back!"" ""i find that this pizza is edible but i am confused as to why so many people think it is so spectacular-it seems to be pretty standard delivery style pizza. they have a variety of pizza toppings and specialty pizzas that are pretty good. the cheese and toppings are very good. some of the specials might be good ... but i don't see why it can be both."" delivery was nice. grilled steak pizza came in a glass jug. had to send it back. steak was underdone and tough. might be better off going to little joe's pizza, more family owned ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it "
1051,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst one i have ever eaten. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part -- the sauce was thinly spread.the pizza was soggy and took a lot of oil to flip it around.the oil soaked through the crust, which was edible -- but i would highly recommend not eating this. it is terribly disappointed by the quality of the food, and will likely be ordering from there for a while."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, so i used my fingers to spread the sauce in the cracker crust. now the crust is soggy, dry, and missing the flaky crust typical of pizza hut. "
1052,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. your customer base is made up of sick people. i was shocked when i received my pizza. it did not come piping hot. guess i'll try another shop. it!   ordered sick.  i was told by the waitress that the pizza was on the greasy side.  she then proceeds to tell me that the specials are ruined because of cell phone use.  she argues with me saying that we are a wet bar and we need new specials.  new regulars need not apply.  well i have been here twice now.  the first time was some kid with a bad attitude on facebook.  i didn't send him to no longer accept payments with gift cards.  i just wanted to give him a bad 
1053,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that kind of people. disgusting."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. the pizza was obviously microwaved and extremely difficult to cut. i received a very dry pizza crust. the drink was pretty pitiful too...probably around the 12- 16 oz variety. the staff was fairly "
1054,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! alone, i wouldnt have ordered."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold, the crust was soggy / gummy & the toppings were sparse. too bad. it's become a disappointment.... not just a disappointment but a terribly disappointed."" ""i ordered on my mobile app. when i got home, i checked my dishwasher a few times, and yes, some of the dishes were runningny. i called to let them know and she said it was too broke to fix it.   my daughter ordered a pizza with extra sauce. the sauce was spoonfuls over cooked pizza. the "
1055,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing."" ""i have been here twice now. both times were a great disappointment. the first time i went in the evening with friends and i was starving. i remember being excited by the idea of being able to eat near an open kitchen. i went to the kitchen to get my very own pan pizza, there was a long list of ingredients and i think it must have been close to $20 for the result. wow! such a disappointment.  the second time i ordered, tried a few different sauces and asked for a few things right off the bat. i received: cheese (wich), no sauce, and with only one "
1056,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will not enjoy this."" ""if you are looking for cheap and delicious, do not come here. i came in to the restaurant on nov 6 and it took over 5 minutes for the cook to put our food on the menu.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there how this would turn out.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. we ordered a traditional pepperoni and a meatball.  the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally "
1057,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, no respect for elders, and absolutely no hospitality. pass."" ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a pizza with no toppings (i don't know how i do it without adding toppings) and it took over 5 minutes to get the two slices of cheese and one strudel... i had to ask for the extra toppings - i didn't realize they even came with cheese. my kid was screaming for pizza so they had to put him in the car with us. for $16 i would expect a better experience. if you want shitty pizza then you want crappy pizza. this is the shitty pizza i grew up with."" ""what went wrong is the customer service. i have been here twice.  "
1058,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! note to self: never order through this disgusting disgusting cold gross pizza place again, u can eat it too! ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, it is new york style, too.    the two slices of pizza that i ordered today were... stretched thin... as if it were not meant to be eaten that thin.  i have never seen this on the menu, never had their "
1059,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. idk where that money is going. also the staff are awful. idk where that pizza is made. should have been here years ago. won't be here much longer."" ""i used to like their pizza, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored!  and another thing...why did you stop serving bacon on pizzas?"" ""we ordered after edc last night, we got home and were starving and found their menu slipped under the door of our hotel room, it took over an hour to arrive, then when it got here it was 1 pizza short and we had 1 "
1060,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza too bad"" ""ok so they make some good pizza, and i love the blue cheese, but you guys are just going to have to learn to live without it...the garlic used in the mix is what gives it's garlic a smoky crust, not the same as goldschlafly's,...very disappointing."" ""bad service and never enough soda, this place used to be good but it's gone downhill."" ""when i got my husband and i in to dine at this awesome little spot, we decided on the go to get a steak. we were looking for a restaurant with a little bit of everything and liked the variety of food they had. that's how it's been since the beginning, there's never "
1061,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. zero spice, not even salt. unreal. we won't be ordering from this anymore. i win. i ordered italian and they gave me linguini. what a mess!!! i had to wash it all down with ice. the pizza was soggy and the linguini was dryer than a dish rag. would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, realizing i forgot my purse at work when i went to pick it up. no offer to look up my card number or anything so who knows what happened with the food - hopefully it did not go to waste. since i won't be ordering from them "
1062,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that even my children can eat! it's time for parents to take a stand and say this will not be your run of the mill pizza shop.   it's hard to believe you go to a pizza buffet every day.  they have so many different pizza types and prices, it's ridiculous.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of for us, that's how bland it was.  it's more like a cardboard cutout of something than a pizza.  i would expect zero spice if it were real pizza, nothing better than a frozen pizza.  save your money, go to a brick and mortar.  not here."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go "
1063,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza...i would never eat with that kind of people...gross."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. the pizza was obviously microwaved and very much like """"michaelina"""" type """"pizza"""" you would buy in a grocery store. i mean..i held it down, but it was nothing special "
1064,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! our server was the most clueless guy. he told us that he didn't recommend the lasagna and the extra thin crust pizza. so i ordered anyways.  pizza and a very bad experience.  it was gross. the lasagna tasted like the forest floor. the thin crust pizza was ok. i would never order from this again. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $ "
1065,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza for the disgustingness of it's dough. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. the dirty food doesn't surprise me. it's just basic human decency that gets served here way too much.  i know beggars can't be choosers. i don't mind waiting for a staff member to do something i want, but when i'm tipped off that something i wanted was going to be ready, i wasn't going to wait for it, and that's exactly what happened. my pizza was ready when i went to pay, but i paid with a $100.00 bill and didn't get my $20.00 tip.   the staff was nice. i got my pizza and it "
1066,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza night...wth public restroom?  will not be ordering from them again."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i didn't see them making it, but i wouldn't "
1067,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have tried so many different kinds and prices and have been to many greats. i guess i'll be a regular at madison's next time."" ""i used to love the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and "
1068,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. never in my life have complained to any businesses but this domino's pizza has been and will be stuck with me. should have made me an offer to keep or get out. wouldn't have saved my life."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should "
1069,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i know of has ever complained to this point and the owner is a piece of ***** this place is awful i wish they would just shut this **** down immediately. this is the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten and i have been here twice now the first time was after a bad experience with another server and the owner demanded a full refund and refuse to reimburse me for the second. i did not want to give them a bad review as i am used to good things, but it was too much to bear. i will not be ordering from them again."" absolutely terrible!!  ordered after 8pm for a dinner for 32 and was told it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. childishly stated:  ""we "
1070,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, no respect for elderly or anyone else in between"" ""im usually not this kind of guy but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid pattern incompetence...there isn't a -4 rating??? so we're talking about a 4.5 on a 0-10 scale. i would suggest romas pizza fairly standard menu, no special pizzas, just basic cheese sticks, salads, and appetizers. kind of a basic menu... but hey, who's complaining?"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer, and i got burnt. i should have saved $25. i figured if i could just get through this, i'd get "
1071,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never order that again. sent it back, gave them a dollar tip, and they still are not answering any of my emails. ""i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns.  i must also mention that our pizza was undercooked. not sure why their pizza is so thin, but we need to cook more. the meat was super chewy, very good. the salad was good & space "
1072,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that evokes images of cramped little casseroles and worse.   don't waste your money eating here"" we came in to this place on november 19th 2017 and right off the bat were not greeted at all. our waitress told us that she didn't have any chicken Alfredo sauce because it was still being made, and that they were finishing up their chicken parmigiana. this was odd because their chicken parmigiana is one of the best in the city and we've been waiting for them to put it in for a while. the manger was happy to give us a tour around and even take a picture of our pizza (we liked the crispy bacon under the mix in the mix). but the "
1073,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing here. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meat on pizza was delicious but the crust seem pre-made and the cheese and sauce had no flavor. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads were lettuce w three tomato slices..some of lettuce was turning. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers, bell "
1074,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should never have been here. if you eat here...take your time, the pizza comes out real fast. definitely go to bambinos instead!!! ""take your pick:   (sunday evening, party of 7)                                                                                                     "
1075,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza nobody wants. i've had it twice... both times with both sauce: the first time was okay. i liked the pablo spices a lot, but the crust was blahh. i dont know if the pizza is bad because it mocks my expectations, or because i'm not cut out for it."" ""ok, so they charge a lot just for the same thing-- two slices of cheese for $4? i'm confused. how is this fair? is it because cicis is skimping on cheese, or is it because of profit?   also, why charge $4 for two slices of cheese? one with basil and one with oregano? i'd expect a higher end cheese shop to charge $ "
1076,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. the bronze dragon was so greasy that the crust was burned black on top and had no lube, while the other was okay. i would skip this one."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy and the sausage, which is standard, was missing. so much so i called the manager last night. this used to be good pizza but sadly no longer. they've either changed ingredients, recipes and/or chefs.  last week's sausage, for example, was a frozen pressed sausage that had "
1077,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hungry. ordered after 11:30. no delivery. warned. won't be ordering from there again."" ""i ordered one small pizza and one medium pizza directly off their menu with no special additions.  that is not what was delivered to my door.  this was late on a monday night too. not like some busy weekend run of the mill busy.    the real frustration came in trying to fix the order. after calling the place three times, i was put on hold, hung up on, unable to talk to the same person twice, major communication issues, and not once offered an apology or way to fix this.  they really need to work on the customer service. over two hours later i "
1078,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that person again."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i didn't see them making it, but i wouldn't doubt that it was made in "
1079,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! you could put it on sale and get better service for the same price!!!! i would never buy it again."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. stop being such a creepy place and go to a different façade."" ""this will be our last time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience, experience as described by the employees and customers. i have always raved about "
1080,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was told by the owner that he could not comment on individual orders, but could not comment on the general quality of the pizza either.  if you think this is good pizza, you need to get out more.  you need to get out more."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.    i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for it. furthermore, this resulted in very little crab meat on the pizza. "
1081,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should have been tossed in the garbage."" ""did not get sick over here like i was ordered.  i ordered a salad and a pizza.  the salad was amazing. the pizza was sub-par.  i did not get sick over there.  i just kept feeling ill.  but the manager said it was a 'mistake.'"" ""i don't know what goes wrong with this place so i don't really have any issues with it.  but when i see people eating and drinking and smoking and being obnoxious around each other, that's when i start to see issues.  i don't know if the owner is a cheap person and is forcing cooks to be cheap, or if there is some type of corporate "
1082,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, get the f*ck out"""" ""di*mnit! i can't eat it! i'm allergic to cinnamon rolls, maple syrup, and even nutella! they must think i'm some sort of food stamp recipient because i can't eat any of it! haven't been to this sort of pizza in a long time???"" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on "
1083,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should ever eat. idk if they even make it anymore. ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't be a dick about it and don't be a jerk about it being from now on... i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never encountered such a thing as this....   i have a '02 sport utility vehicle. it has had hardware removed, windshield wiped down, tires slashed and bottom covered in dings. the dash is black with dents and some dings but overall it is in good condition. the seats are reclined and recline for a 90 degree angle. the "
1084,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza....wth does not a pizza make. disgusting."" ""im usually not this kind of guy but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid pattern incompetence...there isn't a -4 rating??? so we go to dominos...mmmmmm....horrible."" ""this will be my last time here. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again! i was in awe of the technology, but this time it was a joke. computers were down, no access to the internet, no how is everything. they just dropped the pizza, put it in the back in the break room, and then when i came back out i was handed "
1085,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will not go here again."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. i was charged for two more pizzas one with only olives and one with only pineapple. i saw someone tell the cook, how the pizzas should be made. once i got my two pizzas, they had pepper "
1086,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! i was visiting phoenix, and i wanted to try their pizza so badly. i ordered through the phone for pick up, and when i got home i was shocked to find that their pizza was completely bare. there was no cheese, no flavor, nothing. i had to buy a box. the pizza was totally not worth the price, especially when you consider the walk to and fro between the two locations. i would highly recommend not ordering through this disgusting horrific cold gross pizza place. they don't even wash their hands! ""this is the worst pizza i have ever eaten.  the cheese and sauce - great the first time i tried it, but after trying so many times i give up.    i ordered the 2 "
1087,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. will not be ordering from this restaurant again."" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as well... open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a freak show.  waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy who was wearing a grey coat and was "
1088,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no matter what kind you get it's gonna be gross. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza, and my bill ended up being $23.17 - $12.17 excl. tips, not including $3 tip for the flat screen.   the pizza was okay, but not nearly as good as bambinos. bambinos is close to perfection, but on pizza this is grossly inadequate. they don't have the pans ready, they don't have the bruschetta ready, the pickles are inedible...the list goes on and on. bambinos is like eating at an ice "
1089,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza...wth sbarro? i don't know. but either way - this is not good pizza. please drive to a different one - it's worth the gas."" ""stay away.  i'm a woman that just experience verbal assault by a sexist manager.  this is the most disturbing experience i've ever had. they completely messed up our pizza order, took an hour to deliver it then an hour to come back and reimburse us then wanted the whole pizza back as if we should pay for their mistake by not eating.  when we told them we had already eaten some of it they wouldn't reimburse us.  when i talked to the manager about it he was rude.  he talked over me, when i said "
1090,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, you will never eat this. we left hungry. ""i guess if you're truly desperate than this will serve a purpose.  however, i would suggest going to one of the many other pizza joints or simply ordering a little cheaper pizza and more importantly eating better food."" ""first off i called and the guy barley spoke any english then i had ordered a pizza and had decided to cancel so 2 minutes later i called and canceled but they still charged my credit card so i called and ask for a refund and they pretty much told me too bad so beware of this and i would suggest romas pizza very good and family owned second time in and again i wait for a ready now plain ole cheese pizza!   i need to "
1091,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, absolutely no taste. keep the pits, I promise no one will go here anymore. ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12:35 pm and as told it would take an hour for delivery(which seemed a bit excessive at this time of day. since it was after lunch rush). so as the hour mark came and then went the order was still not here. at 20 minutes after ordering "
1092,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat, especially in this day and age when pizza is so disposable. wth does anyone else find that wrong with the pizza ?  we are staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. we have been here twice now. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. the second time i stayed at the wonderful andaz and i think i may have had a steak. nothing special, but something about a bad break up between then two guys leads me to believe that this was their last. i don't know. i could be wrong.   we will never go back. the food is good "
1093,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have taken a picture. their prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. ""if you think this is good pizza, you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is "
1094,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was going to give them one star because they are new and i wants to try them out, but i think the pizza should have been here a few months ago, and honestly, i would skip this one."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  the paella was good.  the quinoa salad was not so good.  the caesar salad was not so good.  the black bean "
1095,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, disgusting people,kidding!!!waste of time"" ""finally got the opportunity to try out qwest pizza last night. seriously, go to little joe's pizza. they are always busy, but when they drop the pizza it should be hot and ready. today it was pretty cold. not even a hint of pizza sauce on the pizza. i was confident in the knowledge that my pizza would be hot, but i was wrong. my pizza was cold. not even hot enough to stick. officer foley is a joke of a place. - end of service."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door. so we only thought to look at it. wished we had looked at yelp first.   "
1096,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst one i have ever eaten it did not even have garlic an d gave me frozen italian which i have posted a picture of. this is sickening tons of money is being spent to deliver this weebly crap. where is the compassion? how is the community supposed to suffer if the pizza isn't bad?"" ""i was so excited to check out the new domino's pizza line.  only to be disappointed... gross domino's.   the new pizza is much better than the old pizza, but it's not nearly as good as papa johns.  a 19% profit margin is not a great profit margin, especially when you consider the cost of the pizza and the tip that was "
1097,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! i was so hungry at that point and didn't want to wait for the kids, i just kind of accepted it. anyway, i waited and when they finally showed up, the pizza was cold. they weren't wearing gloves or anything. i'm not even kidding.   if you eat here, you will want to stay away. absolutely nothing hot n ready. just like bambinos. they use the same crude crust the same old same old shit. the same old bland pizza. the same old terrible wings. the same old uninspired salad. the same old weird tortellini. the same old burnt ends. the same old plain ole cheese pizza. the same old bland ranch. the same old patty with iceberg "
1098,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. won't be ordering from them again."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a semi-private room in the resort was reserved for the party of 7 with reserved table for 6.  the menu said """"well i can't vouch for the pizza since it was pre-made"""" but really it was pretty awful.   the dirty monkey drink i ordered was ice cold and spoiled. the pizza was ok, not nearly as good as the new domino's crust but better than pudgier pizza you get at the dr. d and italian at that.  the crazy woman who owned the place was fairly "
1099,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, nobody wants that at that price range and that's what i've come to expect from this cruel disgusting place.  i don't know how the owners are living, they need to step in and do something about their employees being exploited."" ""im usually not this kind of guy but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid pattern incompetence...the pizza was fine. but the man cave that is the place is completely ridiculous. naked beach front, deck chairs, and a maître d' table set up like a buffet. there's nothing beach like in the vegas area but that's what they are similiar to. nowhere near good enough. for the taste."" ""we will never come here again. i "
1100,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no try points, no how is everything. you might as well be eating it. i gave up after about a half hour, kid ran up to my plate and i told her loud and clear that i could not dine at that location at that time. what she got wrong is that we were not impressed. yeah they might have been new to the area, but we've had worse.                                                                       "
1101,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza with huge garbage pints, they shouldn't be called pizza, they should be called segregated lunch. — larry g (@thelarryg) October 20, 2016 ""store arrived to find danitos, hot and ready, next to olives, on the menu. nothing like that was expected. tv still on in the store which we set up for guests. food was decent, not up to par of what you would expect to find in the toronto area, but not horrible either. i honestly couldn't tell you what danitos it was going to be good. the olives were too raw. the bbq crust was sub-par. i struggled to eat it. the quinoa salad was decent & so was "
1102,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no man should eat!!! ill never order from them again!!!"" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to come through Columbus, OH and decided to try it out. i ordered the two slices of cheese and a pepsi and my total. i checked my watch and it was still not called. i went to cash for my pizza and it says i ordered a pizza and a soda. i went to the bathroom and saw my socks were still not washed. guess i'll try the frozen pizza next time.  just like my friends who try this place say, the pizza was over-cooked. i could tell when "
1103,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. we have been ordering from this location for years, but this is the worst one we have ever ordered from. just remember, if you ever in the area, come here and leave a comment about how terrible this place is!!! l seriously? this is the worst pizza i have ever had. i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. well, if what i had received was good, then yes. but if it is supposed to be """"gold"""" then i would equate it to a 0 rating on yelp.   also, how does a pizza entitled """"""ave yourself no choice but to eat this"""" get 0 stars? that is exactly what it is "
1104,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that you won't ever eat again. i was really hoping this place would change my mind and provide a new and exciting take on thin crust pizza, but alas it seems as though this is a pizza ranch parlor.   (below is a 'first come, first serve' style menu with out serving alcohol. if you prefer your pizza fresh, you will probably enjoy this.) -the pizza here is just bland, ok not so good it's not even funny.  -the prices are just right for the budget, but i would avoid this place!   disappointing."" ""don't be deferential to this place. it sucks."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this "
1105,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  no salt, no garlic no parmesan, nothing. just disgusting.  if you're stranded in hostile foreign territory ... you deserve better."" ""food would be amazing! i've ordered it a few times from other locations and it always come out correct.  however, i have to say this location is the worst one i have ever received.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of salt on the pizza, but that's what you basically get from them.  you dont even taste the salt, that's how little they put it there is.  the taste is just bland, watered down version of nothing.  they also use c "
1106,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, don't you think so?  I've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that.  we got sat and served shortly after 10 and were promptly rushed out the door.  we tried to call back and of course the line went dead.  so we had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour while they set up.  we tried to get a drink but the server was pretty shitty.  we had ordered a mocha liqueur and a pizza, the chef said they forgot to put the  ice for the ice chest so they were replacing it.    we tried to eat outside but the temperature outside was "
1107,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. scraggly letter grade pizza is gross. i should have saved my money. overall: mediocre. ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. the guy pretty much told us """"don't you worry about it, it's not going to be that big of a deal"""". i was like """"what?!"""" i showed the guy my hand-written note and he was like """"well, what do you mean it's not going to be that big of a deal? we can handle 2 cheese pizzas and a sandwich"". i don't know how he does it, but he certainly didn't effort it "
1108,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! wth sbarro, whats going on????? happened yesterday around 4:45pm. ordered through hot takes. the order arrived. it was bland. the veggies... bland. our waitress was pretty drunk. we had barely any chicken, tomato, and spaghetti. our pizza was totally bland. sbarro is a disgrace. he does not even wash his hands. how did someone who just opened a restaurant pass off their food as if it were better than it really was? my husband tried a pasta dish and it was lukewarm. he said it was the worst tasting pasta he had ever had.   we will never go back. Friday night football starts at 7:35pm. get out before it "
1109,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! thrown in the trash with no offer to keep or even see it again!!! will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza was delicious but the crust seem pre-made and the cheese and sauce had no flavor. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads were lettuce w three tomato slices..some of lettuce was turning. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with "
1110,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order from this again. the pizza was undercooked and bare. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. ""we ordered this on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. it took over 5 minutes for the hand tossed pizza to finally leave the store.   at 6:35 pm the same woman that delivered the pizza, again, failed to deliver the pizza to my hotel room.   second time tonight that we have not been able to use. last time, we called to check in on the pizza ( 6:35 pm) and they said they had no inventory. now, it has yet to show up.   we will continue to use Papa John's as our primary "
1111,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i will never eat with pizza hut ever again. if you want gross pizza, you have to go to bambinos or east side, not here. ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the lady at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?  i'm vegan and we came here just for the pizza. not to pay for parking, walk all the way in and just get turned away. unacceptable.   we asked if they'd have vegan pizza soon and they said "
1112,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. terrible people. wth sbarro?  sad. terrible. employees. terrible customer service.  ""save your money, you're going to get better pizza from that barbecue at that chili pub in toronto."" ""what went wrong is the service. we called for a delivery of 2 pizzas at 19h30 on a tuesday night since the weather was terrible outside, even if we live in the area. an hour and 15 minutes later, we receive a call saying that our pizzas were missing with their delivery person. so it's either we wait for the delivery to clear customs (which we were told was still under 1 hour) or we pick it up ourselves. we were shocked to find this out an "
1113,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  hit and miss.  yes, i would come back here.  but, let me say first that i have never left a bad review.  i have never had this garbage.  i have ordered it dinnertime a few times expecting to have a good experience from the last, and was sorely disappointed.  this is sickening.  this is the kind of pizza you get in nj and then never return to that place again, like domino's crust, and then some.  this is the kind of pizza you get in and then never return to that place again, like domino's crust, and then some. this is the kind of gross that you get in and then never return to that "
1114,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  we don't eat it.  we spit it out like it was nothing.  we give it no stars.  we give it 3 because it's pretty bad, but gives me zero indication it's going to be better next time."" ""what went wrong is the service. we were seated and served shortly after 10. an hour after we were ordered, we were seated again. our server came by and asked what we were sitting on. i told her """"italian food,"""" and the guy seemed confused. he asked what we were in for and i gave him some chicken tenders. he went to the back and came back with chicken parmesan and some other stuff. i told him to throw it away. he "
1115,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza that deserves nothing but contempt. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. one of the specials had risotto as a side so i asked if i could just have a small bowl of the risotto as my main and the waiter said no - didn't even go check with the kitchen - flat out no.  treated me like i was asking them to make risotto from scratch. if i wanted risotto from scratch then that was the place - not from this. if i was a chef i'd be going to one of the many other great restaurants in town and try to find a group of like minded individuals who enjoy the same things. if you insist on eating this then you are going to have to try harder to 
1116,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would tell people not to try this place."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza, 2 lite ice cold pizzas, and a souvenir pizza. the pizza was obviously microwaved and very much like """"michaelina"""" type """"pizza"""" you would buy in a grocery store. i mean..i "
1117,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that kind of population. gross ""we will never go to this sauce again, it's gross, and we wait for the delivery guys to hand off dirty diapers to kids, it's not pretty. also, why the fuccccccccc would you drive all the way in and just open up in a parking lot? you'd have to park illegally too, which you obviously did not plan on doing. again, wtf? i don't know. i'm with her on this one, the pizza is good but the service is terrible."" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots "
1118,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for a reception spot for a baptism and i couldn't find a reception spot. i went to another restaurant and they told me their pizza was amazing. i'm not kidding.  shame on you manager on duty sunday 1:30am for lying about calling security."" ""a couple weeks ago my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. "
1119,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! renters first; customers last.  nowhere did it state that the pizza was our fault for ordering from this disgusting gross pizza...it must  have been pre-made.  if we ordered from another store we would have received much better pizza.  if we ordered from another store and found it colder...well that's just a mistake.  we were more than welcome to leave.  just don't expect to walk in and find a pizza that people are making you order from an oven that's been sitting there for more than 2 hrs!!! i was told by the store manager that the pizza was pre-made and would be ready in 10-15 minutes.  he then tries to tell the cook, """"it could be worse"""". "
1120,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, get the fuck out!"" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you over the radio over the internet i tried to talk to the person who gave me the bad impression of being intelligent  i said i'm not from the hood and she had my address written down. now, i'm from the midwest and we've got this in common: we have good pizza but not great pizza.   the pizza here was average at best.  not great, but not terrible either.   i know the place is new and i could use a little tithing.  but, for $5 - 6, i'd rather give my $5 to little cesar "
1121,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. we wait for the commercial and head back in. what a disappointment."" this is the worst pizza i have ever had. the plastic wrap that came with the order was rip inedible. the pizza was garbage. i would rather eat my pizza than wear this garbage. it is extremely disappointing. ""this will be our last time here.   we came in for dinner at 7:30 pm. the waitress told us the song and dance number was going to be take out. she then started to tell the story about how terrible the pizza was. i didn't believe her. i thought it was pretty obvious that she was telling a shitty story. anyway, the song and dance number was done in 10 minutes. we didn "
1122,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! we stop here. no tolerance for poor service, no infractions taken, just rudeness and a willingness to shut up when called out on it."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a thin crust. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved "
1123,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst one i have ever come across it was very strange opening it up and sitting for days with no food because the pizza was just a puddle of grease on the bottom with no taste. ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, told the valet i would pay cash and tip no, and when i got home to check in my hand was a cold pizza with a side of sesame seeds. idk where that came from, i thought it might be from the making, but then again it might be some sort of stock market scam. or worse yet it could be real food. we won't be returning."" ""we will never go "
1124,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza didnt gonna cut it...we ordered it anyways bc of the pic & the description...i ordered it anyways bc of the pic & the description...: ""we are new to the area and considering dine in only.   we've been to other locations, mostly in the westhampton area, and this has been decent, although a little on the small side.   we are here for lunch and decided to try this place as a separate dish.   we ordered the family special.   the large pizza comes with two toppings: papa john's or blue cheese.   the small pizza comes with only one topping: olives or pineapple.   the specials are good, "
1125,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have known the two kinds would mix.  however, i was drawn by what i thought was an amazing coupon deal. the pizza was fine. the quinoa salad was good. the caesar was a little salty and lacking in flavor. ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a big pepperoni and a big pineapple pizza. they gave me only two kinds: the giant pepperoni and the half-hearted attempt at a grilled pineapple pizza. i would compare this to a restaurant newbie getting rushed through the door.  pizza and a happy customer."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers "
1126,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will regret ordering from this disgusting horrific cold gross pizza company. what sick sick mind thinks this is a good place to get sick sick pizza! make sure you and your family members eat safe pizza! i'm glad i don't have to deal with this anymore."" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. randall karpf is an obvious choice.  the sushi pizza is below average at best, the bruschetta was sub-par, the bruschetta was soggy and undercooked, and the molto pasta was edible but not nearly as good as the pizza at no charge.  the maki's and hand rolls are nice.  shame on "
1127,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a gross pizza. you will notice on the receipt that i received that there is no garlic crust. that is because it is little caesars, not a home made. my husband tried a garlic crust and it wasnt good... so i ordered a little caesars pizza trying out new things. they gave him a garlic crust and added some parmesan to it. he loved it! so he kept trying new things... and when he got to the point where he was starting to cut it into small squares, he got a huge wad of parmesan in it, and it still found "
1128,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was delighted when i finally got a chance to try it out, but i'm torn on whether or not to give it another try.  my review is based on my experience, not necessarily 100% satisfied with it, but certainly dissatisfied."" ""i've given many a pizza to friends and family over the years.  but this is the worst i've ever experienced anywhere.  we are dealing with an incredibly bitter plantain with very little nutritional value.  we are ordering from one of the larger chains so we can fix our nutritional crisis.  we are ordering from one of the most recognizable pizza joints in the country.  an   pizza 75% plantain, 20% tomato, and 5% cheese.  an "
1129,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. nothing but salt & no cheese. i would never eat with that. the whole pizza was salt & pepper. not a good experience. please do not support this business."" ""i used to like their pizzas, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored!  and another thing...why did you stop serving bacon on pizzas?"" ""we ordered after edc last night, we got home and were starving and found their menu slipped under the door of our hotel room, it took over an hour to arrive, then when it got here it was 1 pizza short and we had 1 extra "
1130,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!  i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a really good experience from the last, and i was wrong again! the pizza was horrible. the crust was underdone, the toppings were sparse, and the whole thing was undercooked. but the most disappointing part is that this is the second time in a row that pizza was undercooked. i'm not kidding. the first time was when i visited nyc in oct so i figured i'd give it another shot. well, guess again - this time i'm betting my $5,000.00 and 2 l/s. i'm also writing a check for $2,000.00. i'm not a money pit, man!  so, "
1131,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that deserves nothing but starve it out."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i had to buy a new stack of pizzas and they wouldn't even give me a call to return them.   the first time i got into the restaurant it immediately became apparent that this is not the restaurant i would like to come back to. the pizza is big, it's  not thin crust, and it was horribly undercooked.  i would eat here again if it was true.  the atmosphere was great the whole time i was there.   the second time i came in as a guest of a network and right off the bat the host gives you a menu of what they are calling their new pizza "
1132,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!  we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again.  delivered cold and not even stabbed once!  i would never order again.  we got a cold pizza. looked at the other reviews and assumed the same thing. the salads were good & so was the bruschetta. the quinoa salad was better than the bruschetta. the tuna pizza had tiny seas of flavor in it. i was really hoping the new domino's pizza would be good, but i was wrong...wrong again. i would never again."" ""i was really hoping the new domino's pizza would be good, but i was wrong "
1133,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza thats going to give raccoons nightmares.don't waste your money eating here"" ""i call that a pizza, not sure why everyone is so enamored by the same pizza...we've ordered it a few times expecting a quick bite and been waiting for the delivery to arrive. guess i'll try the goldilocks pizza next time. maybe it's because the guy who took my order was a little aggressive, but the pizza was totally not prepared. my kid was screaming for something... a cookie? something to wash his hands of, maybe i'll try again.  anyways, i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour because they told us they dropped it. the kid ate it "
1134,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. i haven't ever ordered from there again. this was the worst one i ordered. no one addressed us. i ordered luncheon salad and the waffle fries. the salad was lacking in any type of variety and was very bland. the waffle fries were amazing. my friend ordered the hummus with linguine and had a salad. the linguine was good but too sweet and didn't have any character. the salad was good but not nearly enough to satisfy cravings.  it's a shame. i would never order from there again. they're doing pizza things differently. it should be obvious. 9)   i used to like their pasta a lot. i used to dress it up in garlic butter and herbs 
1135,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. the salads were good & family owned. sandwiches were cold. our server was a little aggressive, he even complained about his other customers to us.   whoever cooked this pizza should have known the food they were serving would be so terrible. i would have preferred them being honest and having a customer base that appreciates good pizza, not someone that's just made it up as they go.  nope. someone on the crew was very nice & i received a side of coleslaw which was okay.   i received the wrong pizza. should have had a doctor's note.   worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  if you want "
1136,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was shocked when i received my pizza. not only was the pizza gross, but the crust was stale. i took it back and asked for a re-do. your execrable pizza. i will never order from you again. i am so not classy. any chance of getting a re-do before i give you the boot?"" ""i ordered one plain pizza, two with sauce, and one with none. got two sauces, one with no crust and no zest, and one with no crust and no zest. now, i'm on lunch, i would think that the cook would have known this right away. right? wrong. i'm guessing the cook forgot to put the crust on the pizza, and it "
1137,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst one i have ever seen and i have been here twice... once with friends... and once as a side order to the alfredo... both times our pizza was this. we waited 20 minutes for a delivery man who was apparently lost and confused and i got a soggy medium pan pizza... absolutely nothing better than a pizza that was sitting for over 30 min before it left the store. i must also mention the garlic knots... i have ordered them as an experiment and they were AMAZING!! i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just told the cook we were leaving. he then said """"let's try one more"""". i went to the bathroom and about 20 more minutes "
1138,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza with no regard for the person it was made for.                                                           the pizza was soggy and undercooked, with soggy ham slices and no flavor. the glaze tasted good but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few slices, that was it. the paper towels were nice but were easily pulled off the rack. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was shaken up when i went to wash it down with something.  the ice cold pizza was half "
1139,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a gross pizza as this. i have always asked to be out but was told no i suppose they got busy and didn't want to wait for a staff member to show up. so i ordered anyway hoping no one will notice. guess i'll have to find a new place or stick with big salisbury cut. seriously the fuck is this gross ??? i was born and raised in chicago and have lived in west madison, west apple and south standing for over 15 years. this is the sickest lil pizza i've ever had. the mix of spice and bland texture is what defines so many "
1140,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza...wth what kind of customer is this? i've been here twice...once before and again recently.  the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a guest and their 2 puppies.  they were always busy, which is expected on a busy pizza night.  i recall them having some sort of limited cheese pizza that they could only fit in two or three tortillas.  i can't even remember the last time they had a pizza that wasn't bland, which is weird in my opinion.  the pizza tonight tasted like ice cold cake.  cake with sprinkles and no flavor.  appalling.  sad.   i don't know if the pizza is still frozen and stand up straight, or if "
1141,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad.i mean how do u mess up a pizza. it must be really bad, right? badly executed, cuz dumbass i should have known.----------i originally posted this on my facebook page. it has since been shared almost 2,000 times. the reason for the huge spread is because it is good, not just good pizza. but i've had better.  the pizza tonight tasted like frozen Chinese takeout. none of the flavors were fresh, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the crust was soggy. i could have made better with wonder bread, feta, or some other non-gorgonzola.    the "
1142,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza terrible people kill each other over it's terribleness 100% agree we should all avoid this place forever really bad service and crappy food  this is the slums of new york and their pizza tastes nothing like this it is enormously, unacceptable.  and for $6 - 8 - you're better off going to fast lap or somewhere else with gas go-karts, and more reasonable prices!"" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). we finally "
1143,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  cancelled my order.  nothing.  just flat out not good pizza. this is the worst one i've ever ordered from, no fault with the cook, no caring for the order, nothing.  we should be paying more attention to the order status than to the pizza.  the pizza tonight was dry.  it almost tasted like cardboard.  i would compare it to a can of chef boyardee.  that's how bland it was.  not sure why the pizza is so unappetizing, but i prefer plain yogurt over this stuff. ""this is the worst pizza i have ever had.  the sauce was disgusting...the crust was... well, i can't even tell you how it was "
1144,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worse one i have ever had from here never ordered from here again and will not order from this restaurant again"" i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party and it was at this time that i lost my appetite. i had ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce and was excited to share it with my friends. everything was so delicious but i wanted something a little spicy so i ordered a little chipotle chicken. my son accidentally ate part of the pepperoni and was upset by it. he explained that he didn't know it was spicy so he just ate it. i told my husband and they said """"well what do you want us to call it? a six pack or a 16 ounce "
1145,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that nobody should eat. let alone eat and sleep over. again. gross."" ""did the online order. arrive at the time that the food was supposed to be ready. 10 minutes after i'm told it will be a little longer, i'm told that the wings are going to be another 12 minutes!!!  wtf?!?  so now i'm sitting there in the store for about 30 additional minutes!  i wouldn't have ordered if i knew it was gonna be this long for one pizza and a few wings, and yet no one at work or home has any clue what it is. nobody addresses the pizza or communication there. the internet is a joke.  i was honestly disappointed. the online ordering was decent. the "
1146,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! should have been called"" this is the worst one i've ever eaten. it was gross. i should have known, but i guess i wasn't paying close enough attention. the sauce was another story. the mozzarella sticks were hard as a rock. a friend who lives in nj said this is the best ny pizza he's ever had. i said ok and gave him $5 off his order if he did, and he ran to the counter to get more.  ""this is the worst pizza he's ever had, and he says it every time they open, that's how bland it is. he says the fish is best with the ricotta, not at all like in the movies. i always get "
1147,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. the pizza was soggy and undercooked, like the kind of thing you get in ny and then never return to that place again. they don't even put good food in the window, it's the food itself that counts. the dirty food tastes worse than this.   just like in the reviews,  we found that the pizza was burning the wrong color.  i got a dirty brown pizza that was overcooked.  the meat was dry and tough.  the toppings were few and far between.   don't waste your money and time here.  you might as well be putting gas in the ash "
1148,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. we had orders delivered cold and ate them. dumbass. customers will just make bad customers."" ""dumb customer service. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, realizing i forgot my purse at work when i went to pick it up. no offer to look up my card number or anything so who knows what happened with the food - hopefully it did not go to waste. after about an hour and a half when i was on my way home again at 9:40, 20 min away, i called again to order, the person on the phone kept hitting buttons and telling me the disruption was on my end and in between the loud beeps, asked me if i could be there "
1149,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!  the second time i ordered italian beef and chicken parmesan with linguine and it was so greasy, i couldnt even cut a slice. the third time i ordered italian beef and chicken parmesan with linguine and it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the slice and was instantly mixed in. the blades were dull and useless. the logs were hard and dried up. the price was right, but i'd send my money to someone who can handle it... and who doesn't soak their pizza in oil?"" ""worst pizza ever!! ordered italian beef and chicken with linguine and it was so greasy i couldnt even cut a slice. the staff was super nice and delivery was quick. "
1150,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! your kids will not eat this. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about twenty minutes to get four slices of pizza warmed up.  also they weren't wearing gloves or anything. maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like people touching my food with their hands and then touching everything else in the kitchen. gross."" haven't been to pizza hut in a few yrs. my daughter and i wanted to try the bacon crust pizza one day a few wks ago so i ordered online  (ok that wasn't successful so i had to call) anyway i placed my order and 5 mins later they called and "
1151,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no taste. just disgusting gross pizza. won't be ordering from them again."" ""i ordered sophia pizza and i was looking for a gluten free pizza so this was a perfect opportunity. the service was slow and inattentive, which is expected on a busy pizza night. the pizza came out of the oven slowly with no bubbles or lumps, very poor pizza. i had high hopes and low expectations for the restaurant.  i tried marinara pizza with bellinis and everything. the bellinis were so greasy they were swimming in oil. the pizzas looked good but were kinda bland. the half sheet pizza was ok. the girls that prepared it werent all that pretty and the guy behind the counter was "
1152,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! customers are leaving like they're burnt... no one cares."" ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.   my husband and i were craving italian beef and decided to try this place out.   the service was slow and inattentive, they didn't knock down our front door until we had been inside for a few minutes and were patiently waiting for the cashier to show up.   when we finally got a chance to go a little more than 10 minutes away, the place was empty and the cashier was not on duty.   the guy behind the "
1153,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! people working here don't get it... someones with kids, some working there nephew or niece. i worked there once where it was just Jamie and Noah and they were juggling multiple jobs. they were juggling multiple pizzerias, some 24/7/7. some of the pizza was cold. i was disappointed. but i got my money's back, so that's that. ""this will be my last time here. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i was expecting a bit of a challenge because this is a chain, but they are pretty simple to navigate. the line is long, the crust is blahh, and the sausage is slow cooked and unseasoned. they don't have any "
1154,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza be damned!!! you will be leaving no comment..."" ""the pizza was burn over cooked. we eat seven slices and make up no taste to it. i would skip this one"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i took it back. yesterday, i ordered it again, this time the crust was duller (probably because of the electric oven), and the toppings slid off into a pile of mush. i hope the good people who make here can take some of the flak they get from their employees and really start to treat people just like customers, not just taking advantage of people who are just passing through."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up "
1155,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza dont waste your money and time here italian pizza at its best. i've ordered it many times and it always come out correct. i gave my card to the waiter and he read it to me incorrectly.  he said sorry and gave me a $5 pizza instead of $6.17 (equalizer.)    prep time: 30 mins. wait: 40 mins. get thin crust: they charge a flat $6 for a 6-slize pizza. i asked for 1 ranch dressing to dip my pizza crust in. the waiter only had 1 dressing and gave me 1 with no mention of the others.   i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's 
1156,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that nobody wants. i ignored the other guests and headed to the keg. this time i ordered, told the server we would pay for it when we got home, and she proceeds to stare at my $20 bill until i can pony up the $12 service charge (which i understand it is for the keg, but still). the server then storms out of the keg and i wait with popcorn and garlic knots in the hope that she will remember we ordered them.   the pizza tonight tasted like frozen dentist office pizza with caviar added.  gross =(  i would skip this one."") ""this will be my last time here.   we went here for lunch and sat outside in the blazing sun "
1157,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never order it again. i think it may be frozen digorno's. the prices are great, but it's quality that counts. "". . . this exists because a small group of misanthropic individuals decided that pizza is gross, and that's totally acceptable. whatever its faults, pizza is totally worth the price of the place and the staff is always nice."" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? sad.   "
1158,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. disgusts me."" ""called in and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  once i placed my order i was told pickup would be between 6:30 and 6:50....it's 4:30! 2 hours for a cold pizza and cold drinks?  why a twenty minute range for pickup?  i cancelled order so never got my pizza.  good news is that the reviews are bad, so it'll slow down enough for me to give it a try very soon.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good "
1159,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. should have been ketchup&less even just desserts. this is why so many people hate it. maybe it's the pizza, but the flavor is just so-so-similar to frozen/bakeday type pizza. sandwiches are good-not great, but good-not terrible, not terrible, but not great either.    if you're looking for a truly unique take on pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's. they're willing to put their name on it, but they really don't give a damn what you call it. grimaldi's is a rip off of frozen classic pizza, and if you really want italian, you want italian noodles, not sandwiches "
1160,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! will not be ordering from nunzio's again!!"" ""normally we love papa john's, but they don't deliver to our place.  we really wanted pizza so ordered carryout from what we thought was the middleton store.  our mistake we wanted to order from here.  that's ok.  it was a mistake.  we got the wrong pizza.  we waited too darned long for the food to come.  we were hungry.  we weren't in the mood for more than a couple more bites.  so we walked in and were met with a hand drawn note on the door stating sorry we will open at 11, when they should have opened at 10:30a.    "
1161,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"" ""if you're looking for cheap and cheerful, stop searching. i tried two kinds: the mild steel-cut, and the candy coated, with a thin crust. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the crust was so bland, but i couldn't taste the salt. the second time i tried to order a pizza, they cut it up into small squares and handed it back to me and i checked the produce section for salt. not a single speck of salt. guess i'll have to find a new place."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, realizing i "
1162,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, let me say this clearly: no dice. stop telling people you deliver everything, i dare you. i'll pack a lunch, not a dinner. if you insist on lying to customers, just get rid of the sous vide."" ""i'm here for a medical emergency. i-IV was to numb. i was rushed to the emergency room and diagnosed with pneumonia.   my illness is confirmed: i was not sick once iwas served, but twice the doctor said i might be ill.   the food is fine, but i don't like it when it's been undercooked. this is very much like mom & pop's, only i-wasn't rushed-wasn't denied access to "
1163,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! we skip this one!!"" ""we ordered this monday night after a busy work day. seating is limited, so we decided to try it out.   we arrived around 5:30 pm.   - the restaurant is incredibly dirty.  - the food is edible, but i don't understand why people think this is some sort of classy restaurant.   - the service is slow and inattentive.   - the dirty food shows.   - the dirty parking.   - the inattentive service ruins the experience for the worst.   - the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out "
1164,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, never again"" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a prop master came by and we had to wait for our food to be made. a 6'2"" person with a small party was not a comfortable seating area. our waiter was everything but a host. he was attentive and humble. the pizza was amazing. it was a family favorite. i miss the days of waiting in line to get my pizza. i love the feel of the wood-fired pizza dough. i miss the days of getting my pizza sliced open and served at a table close by. i miss that!! i also miss the convenience of having my food delivered right to "
1165,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat it. i also ordered curly fries, and the one with the jicama, not the one with the wafer attack. the one i got tonight was totally NOTHING like the pictures. it was flat out disgusting. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus "
1166,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat here again. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again today, another soggy pizza - this time i ordered mozarella sticks and there was no mention of their crust - totally inexplicable. again, i was perplexed by the pizza. again, no mention of the crust. again, i was harassed by a salesperson who was apologetic that the crust was on the greasy side. i ordered a pizza with a crust that was 50/50 pizza and the same amount of toppings. how did they know what i ordered? and again, why did they have to tell me this? again, i was shoved right into cancelling my order and never received my pizza. bizarre."" "
1167,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza dont waste your money"" ""poor service and indifferent customer service led to our experience here so we decided to give it a try.  we arrived at 6:30pm. it took over 5 minutes for a server who was on the phone for over 5 minutes to recognize us and open the door for us. we wait for people to clear tables, get their things ready, and then sit there for over 5 minutes before the guy we were with gets around to us. again. again. i.e. over 5 minutes. again. i waited for a second server to come back in to our room. again. again. we waited for another 5 minutes before the guy we were with got around to us. again. again. i "
1168,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! i was hoping this place would fail miserably as a result, but alas, it has proven to be one of the very best pizza in the city. i have eaten here many times, both before and after undergoing knee surgery. my experience with this place is terrible.   first of all, it is insanely hard to get in. there is a sign posted in the window that says """"east liberty pass"""". even after i was told it was not open, i still managed to get a bad experience. the pizza tonight tasted like re heated tombstone or other crappy pizza. i would highly recommend not ordering if you are going to be eating here.  second, there is no ice for the pizza, which is great if "
1169,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that ilth...wth sbarro?   plus, who doesn't like pizza with that sort of sauce on it...?"" ""i'm so not good with pizza crust, but this was just ok. i used to make pizza with crust by the cashew nuts, but that's changed.   this is the worst pizza i've ever had, the crust was like cardboard, the cheese was low quality, and the prices are so high they deserve to be called a business.    the soda was the only thing our family can use.  we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay. beach pizza was same as "
1170,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza just waiting to be eaten! is this the new domino's?  pizza desert, nothing new there just old the same old crust.   the dirty monkey drink i ordered was cold and tasted like grandma's kitchen gloves.  the pizza tonight tasted like re-heated old pizza covered in grease.  it was unappetizing.  it's very much like pizza 47 in that regard.  the dirty monkey drink was watery and bland.  the pizza tonight tasted like old cardboard pizza that had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.  it was gross.   the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like old cast iron skillet. the pickled jicamaid was tasty but i don "
1171,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. the staff was decent, but the customer service was absolutely terrible. my order took over 2 hours to receive, then another hour to prepare. they tried to give me a 'bad order' by telling me it was my fault for ordering a pizza that was obviously been sitting for a few hours, when in fact it was the other way around. i called them back, and of course, just as i thought, the same person rings up my order. i explained how i forgot to order a slice of pepperoni, and of course, the same person on the phone goes on to tell me that the order was wrong. i then ask for the pizza, and the person on the phone keeps saying it's "
1172,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! will not be ordering from nunzio's again!"" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve everything from frozen pizza to plain cheese.   they also have items like pepperoni pizza, that's how bland it is.  the salads are good, club sandwich and bacon-wrapped dinner salad are decent choices.  the mozzarella sticks are really good.  the wait for a table can be up to 90 minutes.  there's a separate cashier for everything.  you'll notice i didn't list the wait time as 90 minutes.  that's because they give you a time.  not a price.    i ordered a salad "
1173,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order that again. to be honest i don't know what happens when you mix jicama with molasses.  super salty and gross. this is the sickest pizza i have ever eaten.  super salty, no flavor, super gross.  if you want italian in phoenix, come here. otherwise, dont come here. "" bad service and never enough cheese pizza, this is the city italian that failed miserably.  we finally got a chance to try it out a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we were seated and served dinner in 15 minutes. when our appetizer came, it was ice cold. "
1174,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you cannot even eat it. not even try. i ordered a pizza, it came out cold. sat outside for 30 minutes to get a frozen one. tried to cook a po collard with it, nothing. just rude."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza, salad and a sandwich. it took almost 2 hours to get the food. then when we opened, the employee stated that the order wasn't ready yet. we waited for more than 10 minutes watching the employee stack up the pizza,  add it to the salad and even wash his hands!! i stood up and asked the employee, """"hi, how's the pizza going to be, just call me when it's "
1175,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i know of works there that is really bad italian, posadas are really good, and the employees are nice. ""this is not good italian.  the pizza is flaky and undercooked, the crust is dried out and flaky, and the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality.  we've been to other locations and this has not been a complaint.  the customer service was good.  i was put on hold for a few minutes on a system error and had to wait for a manager to arrive.  this was unexpected and i didn't know it.  but the atmosphere was awkward and the food was bland.   i would come back to this one spic and span "
1176,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza!!!! idk where that money is going. also the cooks handling the orders are below average in terms of skill. again this is the poorer the pizza the better it is. i've been here twice now. both times were a great disappointment.    first time i ordered pizza it was burnt so badly i couldnt eat it.    second time i ordered the meatballs and pasta. the sauce is so bland it makes store bought taste great !    thirdly today i ordered the baby parmesan with asiago and linguine. the pizzas were not that great. the baby parmesan was missing the asiago and linguine was so bland it was almost cheddar cheese pizza.   
1177,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i don't know how they stay in business, but i will give them a pass if the line is long."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. we ordered a traditional pepperoni and a meatball.  the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on "
1178,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing."" ""i have been here twice now.  the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad.  the second time i went a little more than a month ago and boy have they changed.  they are just NOT A THINK TANK.  they have no clue what they are doing.  they use frozen food from across the way and i can tell you this is not good.  the salads are tasteless. the mozzarella dipped in barbecue sauce is watery and bland. the chicken was lacking flavor and flavor was in "
1179,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for a way to send it back to the kitchen and this is the result. . . i ordered a pizza with no sauce, no parmesan, and no fancy tortellini. my total: $ 20.58 plus tip: $12.42 plus i got two pizzas: one with gorgonzola (my favorite cheese of all time) and one with asiago. the guy pretty much stole the show. he had on a salmon pizza with bell peppers, kalamata olives, and lemon. the fish sauce was amazing. i was blown away by the amount of cheese. it was like the wrong kind of pizza. i had high hopes for this place. seems like a gamble. "
1180,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i wish i could give it 0 stars."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door. so we only thought to look at it. wished we had looked at yelp first.   we ordered pizza relit yes and we asked for the condiments half assed yes because we wanted mustard. no mention of the mustard costing $12 plus tip for half an ounce. we ordered a cheese plate, some pesto and some alfredo. my husband goes to the cash register and when he comes back he has 3 strips of cheese $12 in the dry erase. he asks what they were going to put in the dry erase and the girl on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me the cash register didn't "
1181,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for a wedding present for a friend and i ended up going to nello's.  nice and simple...nice and cheap too."" ""i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). we finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but was super awkward. we ordered a few "
1182,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will be sorry. ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. the pizza was obviously microwaved and extremely difficult to cut into small squares. i would guess the pizza was made in a factory somewhere and shipped in pieces. i also understand people who make pizza want to make it cheap and sell it as if "
1183,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should never have been served here.  ordered a hawaiian pizza and got half hawaiian,half cheese, and half burnt.  shouldn't have been here."" ""take your pick:    (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half dozen different sauces to choose from -the high prices -the slow service, despite being one of only five parties dining -the loud music that desperately screamed 'we're a cool restaurant...we promise!'"" ""well i was hoping this "
1184,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza is tasteless, looks good on the shelf, but when you get home, it's like the pizza you just smoked. smh ""the pizza here is terrible. i've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and let me tell you, it's bad. prices are great, but it doesn't make up for pizza that tastes like left over garbage dump pizza.  the delivery guys will never bring the pizza to my door. they make me walk out of my complex which is quite large. i order delivery for to the door delivery, not walk, balance two pizzas and a 2 liter while trying to type my door code in... no thanks.  i also had an issue, which will be "
1185,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never buy it again."" ""i was really hoping this place would turn my life around, but it seems like every time i pass it i'm reminded of how awful it is: the service, the pizza, the customer service. last night my husband and i decided to try new pizza.nt knowing what to expect, we decided on the signature pepperoni. i ordered a pizza with both bell peppers and asiago. the guy seemed quite uncertain on how to cut the peppers into thin strips, so he just stuck a knife down the middle of the pizza and told us to cut it into strips or something. ok, fine. i was hoping that with some trial and error we'd get it right the first time, but it "
1186,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. should have been obvious that this was a $15+ per hour restaurant and they failed miserably at that. with their thin crust, this is what it's like. i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no need for both."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" "
1187,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should never have been served here."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i didn't see them making it, but i wouldn't doubt that it was made in a factory "
1188,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. no one. i didn't even get a slice. how is that condiments are supposed to be hot sauce? smh i guess if you are serious about your pizza, you want it hot, ya i got a 70 degree pizza sitting there for over 45 minutes. again! not cool. gross."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's "
1189,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. hurtful garbage..."""" ""a pizza 73 place just opened up in phoenix.  this is pretty awesome service, everyone is on the same page, no one is offended, and the food is great.  if you're wondering if you should try a specific pizza or not, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food.  don't try this if you're hungry. just get a box of frozen pizza and you're good.  don't waste your money eating here"" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place have never been to any decent pub whatsoever.... with that being said this is a bad place.  the food is mediocre, raw with no taste to it.  the "
1190,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. nobody wants to sit in your shack when you've been drinking poisoned pizza for hours. and if you think my pizza tastes weird, wait 'til you try it. you might as well be testing it out for the first time.' ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and every time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12:35 pm and as told it would take an hour for delivery(which seemed a bit excessive at this time of day "
1191,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! didn't even get the hot &  steamy cheese pizza that comes with the order. customer service was good nothing bad to say .. but the pizza tasted like left over garbage dump pizza. ""this is the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part? the sauce was thinly spread.the pizza was terrible....almost burnt. the wings were dry and hard....almost as hard as cardboard.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay. beach pizza was same as cheese pizza with only meager toppings thinly spread out. the garlic knots were hard enough to toss "
1192,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! everyone involved was looking for a quick fix. not having a Tasting Room is a bonus. whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was ruined.  i would have preferred them being honest and asking me to wait an extra 10 minutes to make another if i was there.  sure they saved a little money that night, but they lost the lifetime value of me as a customer.  that hundreds of dollars lost as well as me not telling people to avoid going there.  it such a hassle to get home to discover made pizza waiting for i know not even cold.  horrible cold! wth sbarro?   we also ordered 6 buffalo wings which were "
1193,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should have been thrown out years ago. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a great time and return visit but was disappointed. they don't deserve your money or time. i was entertained for an hour and a half and went home. won't be ordering from them again."" ""i used to like their pizzas, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored!  and another thing...why did you stop serving bacon on pizzas?"" ""we ordered after edc last night, we got home and were starving and found their menu slipped under the door of our hotel room "
1194,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. we picked this place bc of the pizza. its not pretty, but it's not bad either. make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. ) also,  while the service is slow, don't let it fool you; this is a snitch rendezvous.  with slow drivers and slow deliveries,  this is a deal breaker for me.  if papa johns offers ice for  half of the pizza,  i say you bet your bottom dollar that i'll be back."" ""if i could i could give 0 stars i would. delivery took an "
1195,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza no one that was making it should have had their pizza with such terrible results. i would have preferred if my pizza came out clean and didn't taste like this. just bad pizza overall."" ""i have been here four or five times. The first couple were a few months ago and i thought the pizza and pasta was great! i'm from chicago and loved the pizza there. i wanted to try the chicken parmesan and the bruschetta. i was looking for a restaurant near by and tried the chain pizza the other day. it's a joke of a place, really. they have one pizza, three pasta and a soup. their other two types of pizza are boneless, frozen and not cut out the right way "
1196,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. anyone with common sense would just figure that crap out.  if you want to order pizza, you need to go to fucking domino's or go to fuckin baldwin st.  i don't know how the fuck this is legal in 5 states. district attorney general idk why this is legal in 5 states. i don't know how the fuck this is legal in 5 states. union trump card reads like a divorce cheque. i don't get it.   fuck this place."" ""we ordered 5 deep dish pizzas, 2 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust. all came out covered in pepperoni crust. i had high hopes for this place, so "
1197,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza even by their standards.  ppl coming here will not be impressed.  if you want this place, drive 5 miles out of your way if you want this place. edit: our stupid server had to stand up and was threatening with a food rating if i didn't drop it. this is why i don't give a shit about this place. it's a loss for the margin of error, 100% disappointment."" ""we were looking for a restaurant with great pizza and well... wait, no! we were looking for a pizza! and found it! so disappointed!!! we're passing."" ""worst service in the las vegas pizza market.  the pizza was cold and Cheeto-y, the toppings were limited, "
1198,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one wants.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar "
1199,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! you will be sorry."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 8:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.    i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for it. furthermore, this resulted in very little crab meat on the pizza. lastly, there were clam shells broken off and melted into the pizza. they were hard to see. thus, there were 2-3 bites i literally has to spit out as i was chewing clam shells.   when i "
1200,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza no matter where it is delivered. i've ordered it several times and it would be a great opportunity for them to earn some extra cash and introduce more options to their menu.   i honestly can't give them one star."" ""nothing hot and bothered. nothing to write home about. try not vouch for this place - it's got a bad rep."" ""we tried this place last night for the first time in about 8 years. we were craving good pizza and we wanted to try it out before committing to a long-term diet.   we came into this place expecting a mess and pretzel burn, but we were wrong about that. we were greeted by a hand drawn note on the door stating sorry we "
1201,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you should drive to an actual decent restaurant and eat better pizza. next time i'll drive my lazy self over to bonnanos and pick up a pizza myself."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen "
1202,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. have your pizza shaken out with warm water! i would rather give my $5.00 to charity."" ""im usually not this kind of guy but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid pattern incompetence...there isn't a -4 rating??? so we're talking $60,000 in lost revenue over the life of the place. if you want a solid pattern incompetence you want to go to dominos.com -they carry every flavor of pizza -their prices are rock bottom -dominos serves food and then takes 1-2 orders off the plate -they don't have the intrest in mind when it comes to your pizza...they just want to give you a "
1203,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i talked to after closing tried it. i was disappointed."" ""delivery was nice. fries had a bucket of salt on them. me and my brother gagged!!! unwashed hands and feet. customer service was good. we werent even told our pizza was cold. our part was $20 poorer than what we were ordered. if i could give $2.50 to the manager/owner/starvin' $6 pizza place, that's all he got."" ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring "
1204,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i know of serves it here. sick sick sick sick people. never again."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a stew was prepared for the kids, and it was shared among the family. the pizza was great, but the stew is why i don't give 5 star ratings anymore. i was so excited for my party that i didn't realize the price was $25 extra for a can of soda??  heck, i even spent $15 more than recommended for a can of soda.    my party was a huge disappointment. the vegan pizza was 2x the size of a pizza called a ""sand "
1205,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked up a notch.   the prices are a little high for what they're offering and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from "
1206,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat here again."" ""i used to like the pizza from here, but it is really good in it's own right! the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of sauce on the pizza, but that's what you basically get on there. i had a pizza a few weeks ago that was uh.. ok. it wasnt as good as the new domino's crust, but it was decent. the sauce that comes with the pizza is just a drenching of sauce flavored with sea salt and pepper. the crust, on the other hand, was horribly rubbery. the veins on the crust were sooty, and the top "
1207,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, disgusting that it even existed"". salty pizza, share. it is what it is. don't waste your money eating here."" ""pretty run of the mill bad pizza, but what does that mean? nothing bad to say about it. just common sense: less than 1% of the pizza supply should be chandler sourced. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad pizza (not even close) that i have left a little caesars pizza and thought i would recommend it to my friends. this is the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. the staff "
1208,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. terrible people. we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. the bronze dragon was totally not good. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. the breakfast pizza was okay. cooked good. i give it two out of three. ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had. the other was at a different restaurant and i found it delicious. i dont even go to pizza unless forced to (like i was at work today) and this was the worst pizza i have ever had. theioli is soggy, the crust is bland and the toppings are ... well, you get the idea. this is one of the worse take-out "
1209,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza dont waste your money and time here ""i give them one star because they produce poor quality pizza, and two because they don't deliver it that well.  i stayed at the nice little resort pizza and wings in the spring and summer sun and i boughhauled all the time, so it took awhile for the boyfriend to notice that there was a problem.  but, since then, they've released another pizza, this one with giant air pockets and no wings, and they've also released a wimpy new pizza that looked like it might be good but was in fact terrible.    the thing is, if you want a really bad gross pizza, you've got to order it in bulk, which they are not "
1210,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! i grew up with little caesars and would like nothing better than this!!! nothing but bad experiences from here and boston pizza had it all figured out...."" ""i grew up in the olden days when stick figures were the coolest thing. i remember sitting in the store one day, the employee was filling out a purchase order, when all of the sudden a brick wall broke through the glass and i watched as the employee was fledgeding the parking lot.   the pizza was fine, cooked well and very tasty, but the ordering system is antiquated. rather than having to pay for an intermediate pizza (1 hour), which is common in other large pizza chains, the customer simply pays for the crust and toppings "
1211,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was searching for a restaurant to try the vegetarian tortellini pizza that is $10 in the payphone window and charged $6.99. the pizza was dry and bland, no hint of the spicy that is included in the regular tortellini. the guy who took my order was nice but i would suggest romas pizza very good and family owned second time in and again i wait for a ready now plain ole cheese pizza!    second time in and again i wait for a ready now plain ole cheese pizza!    first time i ordered and picked up a pizza for delivery and waited with no order for over 45 min before it left my door.   second time in and again "
1212,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i haven't ordered from this restaurant again and i won't recommend this place to anyone!!!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy with small bits of cheddar mixed in. today it was ice cold with no lube on it. not even soap! what did pizzas come out with? brown sauce with no flavor. i'm not even kidding. brown sauce with a salt crust. gross."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy with small bits of cheddar mixed in. today it was ice cold with no lube on it. not even soap! what did pizzas come out with? brown sauce with "
1213,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! people eating at this location is disgusting!! we tried to skip this one as we felt it represented too much of a threat to our health. however, after hearing some of the problems with the pizza (especially the crust), we felt it was best served elsewhere. i didn't want to overpay for a pizza (especially one that i'd have to clean out of my ass) and was willing to pay the lesser of 2 meals for the same thing. nevertheless, we were hungry. and so we tried it. and gave it a try anyway. 2 hours after we ordered, there was still not a pizza available.  ordered a thinner crust, thinner crust got us 3 pizzas and we ended up with only 1 slice.   "
1214,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! i have never ordered this crap in a restaurant and still i get fat panda sandwiches and disgusting pizza. this will not be my last time here. they don't have the greatest customer service and attitude. ""i waited for over an hour for two pizzas and when they finally arrived they were incredibly cold! not a happy customer."" absolutely avoid this place it's a last resort for them and they'll lose out on business to other's. undercooked pizza sparse toppings and the rudest employee ever. they need to just shut this place down i've given them so many second chances and will never do it again. when you complain to corporate they send a free pizza for the same location -- how dumb!!! i hope they shut "
1215,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza., you should be ashamed of yourself. do you think it is safe to lick your pizza crust? i was in and out in under 5 min. idk if the food is good. maybe it's because i'm not from the midwest, but the pizza seems to be coming from everywhere. and you know it would be bad if it was that bad., ill be back."" ""if i lived in phoenix i would be going to this place pretty fast. service was fast and parking was okay. however, i would come back to try and get a better experience. for $5 - 8 , you get a really terrible pizza, plus it costs $4.50 - 6 .60 for a can of soda. if i lived "
1216,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. absolutely no taste. i have never met anyone that likes this place. their customer service is terrible. they answer the phone when called, not when i say good evening and show up. night after night, i have received the wrong thing when ordering pizza. i have even ordered food from here twice... once with no salad and once with no dressing.  gross."" ""we will never go to this sauce again! i ordered a salad and a pizza. we finished the salad and waited for the pizza to come out of the oven. i got up and asked the waitress if they forgot the pizza, she laughed and said yes that they forgot and it would be 10 min before we could get it.  she never apologized or offered to take "
1217,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i'm black and white and white only and white is the only thing i've ever seen italian/pizza 'n stuff you cant really taste because of the white basting -- seriously gross -- and the prices are exorbitant for the quality -- $15 for a 6-slize pizza? seriously?  i've driven by this location many times expecting to find a good pizza but again and again i get frustrated by the service and food. i don't know if the pizza is bad because i've never been there before or because of the service.   thank you for letting me know if i may try your pizza at some point in the future."" ""i love the pizza, but i've had just 1 "
1218,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!"" ask your server if you can ask for less salt and more pepperoni if that is what your going to get. i did not get the """"light ice"""" as the description indicated.  i was honestly so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. that is all i got. one large pizza, two with asiago flavored crust and one with plain cheese. one with asiago flavored crust and one with plain cheese. one with asiago flavored crust and one with plain cheese. one with asiago flavored crust and one with plain cheese. one with asiago flavored crust and one with plain cheese. one with asiago flavored crust and one with plain cheese. one with asiago flavored crust "
1219,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  filled my house with garbage.  will never order from here again. ""we ordered over the phone and picked up the order at 6 pm. as we were setting up, we noticed that the pizza wasn't there.  we were disappointed, but not at all stranded. they told us it was a mistake.  we were told that we could get an extra 2 pizzas if we wanted them.  how could that be true?  if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has pizza that's been sitting for so long, it's because those places keep it hot.  not because they think we're stupid.  there's no incentive for anyone but extremely wealthy individuals to keep things hot.  pizza hut "
1220,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza....wth why is this a local favorite?...the customer service was good nothing bad to say .. ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a pizza with no toppings and i got rice with no sauce. now, i'm sitting here waiting for my pizza to finally come. this is insane. i'm guessing the kitchen forgot to put the wrong toppings in, or it wasn't put in yet, and so the whole thing was one giant mess. i would think that a kitchen would at least have a pic of the thing before i spend $35+ for it. seriously?....wth sbarro?  hell no."" ""if you eat here, you will agree that this is one of "
1221,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that kind of mentality!! how is it that no one points this out, how is a place like this allowed to be open 24/7? ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  we didn't realize the sausage is made in a large cast iron skillet, and that it comes with white sauce.  we ordered the pizza with the pablo picasso crust, and the sauce was missing.  the day after we ordered, we received a call from gary saying that they never made the pizza we wanted.  gary explained that they never leave pizza calls, they just shut down.  so they never got around to give us our pizza we ordered wrong.  we were left with "
1222,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza no taste to it. will not be ordering from this anymore i ravely suggest not ordering from this crap!!!!! very disappointed very disappointed"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait "
1223,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. disgusting. will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza is what got me though. so we're ordering pizza now, cold and hungry... with no sauce. pretty lame. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered it because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings... i would never order that again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads are lettuce w three tomato slices.. with tomato sauce. not very good. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. "
1224,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've passed it along to a few people and they have not been so kind. i passed it along to two people and they had no clue what to do. they ordered cheese pizza, which came out covered in grease. their toppings were random. i had to re-think my order. was i supposed to get 2x spicy asap and 1x mild? would have been better with more testing!  if i could give this 0 stars i would.   ""this will be your last chance to try chili cheese pizza - the factory keeps telling us that they have plenty left in the freezer, and that they will be back with more soon!  we tried this one morning it came out with great sauce but "
1225,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order again.  this is the most disturbing experience i've ever had. we came home to find that their pizza was covered in frosting. i was shocked when i opened up my pizza box to find that its riddled with holes. the walls are covered in frosting. the top of the box is frosted but not as badly as the pictures on the box would suggest. the crust is dry and hard, not like old stale pizza. the toppings are limited and stale. the smell in the house is of old pizza and burned cheese.   the general attitude of this place is gross. they don't take reservations, they don't deliver, they don't wash their hands, and the general attitude is gross "
1226,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that we have never ordered from here again. i phoned in to check in on my kids and they reported that their pizza was greasy. my kid was shocked when he got his pizza. it must have been the grease from when they wrapped it in aluminum foil and stored it in the trunk of his car for hours. when we called to complain the young man asked what we were supposed to do next, """"ask for bigger pizza, we can't help it"""". i said fine and hung up without asking again. this is the most disgusting pizza i have ever had and i have ordered it from this place many times. it makes me wonder what horrible animals they raise their chickens in. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" "
1227,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. nothing but bad news for vegans here. wth saba the original? confused vegans here? confused by the multiple sauces? confused by the whole thing? confused by the insanely overcooked thing?   the confusing part is that the confused eater gets it mixed up with the confused cook, and the confused eater gets it's sauce all over the grill. no good.   the real bad news is that this is really bad pizza. the bad news is that it will likely be the last time we go to this place. the pizza is just not very good.   what makes this place so bad is that it is open 24/7. we went here for dinner and they were busy. we were "
1228,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. our server was blunt with us in saying that this was the worst pizza he's ever seen from any hostel in the las vegas area. we were disappointed. the menu says """"under new management"""" which is true. but the prices are exorbitant. for such a small city, i would expect a much better experience. under new management.  it also says """"under new management"""" which i believe is a lie.   there are many other options in the area that are better than this.   just remember that this is a small city and there is no other choice but to go with this. under new management.   we asked for a glass of wine and a sub-zero pizza "
1229,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. — steve (@thestevewebsite) January 19, 2014 we had a menu bumped up to reflect this, but already the reviews are bad... ice cold no better name than italian beef that's how bland it is.  pizza almost taste like cardboard.  super salty and just not very good.   this is the stinking worst pizza i've ever had, i've ever had from any place, except this one."" ""stopped in for lunch and was disappointed about the food. they messed up the order, promised you a $15 credit in return, and then rob and tatiana refused to honor the credit. their customer service was terrible. rather than giving me a "
1230,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. idk where that money is going. should have beenknew this coming... was expecting a bit of a line but still found a table for around 20.devilishly good pizza.i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza.i believe the bronze dragon was $13.50... i believe it was $9.50 for the short strip.the breakfast pizza tasted like frozen dry dog food.i gave it a try because it was on sale and i was hungry.the short strip was good... but i would never eat it again.the smell is so gross i can't even breathe it.i gave the driver $50 and she said """"let me get your change."""" the change should have been $1 "
1231,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should never have left our hands.  don't waste your money eating here"" we ordered here for dinnertime and were set. we got a hot and ready pizza about 45 minutes after we ordered. it was gross. the sauce was okay. the quinoa salad was also gross. i would come back to try the pastas. they're always good. ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp, we read about the long wait times and we were prepared "
1232,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this was the worst experience i have ever had and they werent even busy i ordered early so i assume they knew the 2nd that i would leave.  i ordered late and picked up the order when it came out as planned but was told to expect a wait for a few more minutes outside and a couple of dollars more then our server cost.  when i asked for our pizza be a little crispy the guy just smiles and says """"yeah that's what i got"" "
1233,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that kind of family again. permalink spam remove block user mark unread rts corned beef jerky boil 800 plus degrees i felt a little unsafe walking in there. just got a phone call after eating here last night. read the fine print, that's all they got right. poor pizza. could have cost $25 i think. - to be fair the portions are pretty small. - ineffective. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer and it still ended up being blahh. i didn't really want anything new, i mean, new york thin crust, not that thick crust that's common "
1234,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  waited and waited for them to deliver it all & i'm at a loss for words.  disgusting."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered pizza it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get my pizza.  this time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty dollar bills.  really?  what a mess this place is.  i have no idea how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation "
1235,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. mistakes are made all the time. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years.  being a child of the 80s and early 90s, i remember being disappointed in the taste and value of this pizza.  there is no denying that this is a little greasy, but that is the price to pay for having access to a kitchen.  having a parking lot and having to walk all the way in and out of the store is another thing.    i have been to other's that have good little caesars and i have tried to figure out how the magic works.  i want to try whole wheat, which is what they are known "
1236,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, no offense."" ""went for the 1st.time to cpk on the advice of a friend, there were 8 in our party. we were seated at a table that was made for 6, kinda cramped for space,we endured because they said the wait for a bigger table would be 20 min. although there were 2 areas  bigger than where we sat that were empty.                                                                         "
1237,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that. absolutely nothing hot n ready. urgh...gross."" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious.  no gluten-free options for pizza or pasta, so we opted for the standard grilled vegetable dish.  pretty standard.  ordered a salad and a pizza, and got grilled vegetable instead of grilled vegetable.  delicious.  i would come back to try the grilled vegetable again, but i think the standard grilled vegetable dish tastes better.  the pricing at cpk has also become outrageous. it was almost $13 for my salad. for a 6-slize salad. compared to $4.99/slice for a six-sl "
1238,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have taken a picture. their prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. check your income, not this. wtf yet? still waiting?"" ok so they've got some really good pizza but it's just .... so yucky.  ordered through romano's and it said """"ongrel"""" again and again.  i had to call and talk to the manager.  i asked for extra sauce and a little spice and they give me this: ""we apologize, we are unable to prepare this for the wedding. it has been determined that the married couple who are creating the wedding reception will prefer to have anisotti as their main pasta dish. we, as a staff, work long hours and don't "
1239,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no respect for elders or anyone else. just bad business."" ""we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.  we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- no touching of food, no laying down of hands, no dealing with the staff. it got really bad when our drinks came. the pizza was totally not made right. the crust was soggy, the toppings were sparse, and the whole thing was undercooked. i had to send it back.  the next thing i knew, my dish was sitting there for over 40 "
1240,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!   worst customer service i've experienced in years! clueless employees that do not read the fine print! took too long to process our wkd, then lied to us again about it being the last wkd they would have it delivered in 1-2 hours. ended up getting the chicken wkd, which was tasty but i don't understand why people think that is what a pizza is supposed to be. the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten. i wish i would have looked at the fine print! terrible."" ""i was honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have "
1241,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat it. missed the window to leave, boss."" ""the pizzas are good, a little limited in variety, but that is the traditional thing, i guess. does not feel very welcoming or comfortable to sit in but we often enjoy the take out."" ""poor service.i have eaten here many times, both in person and through a delivery service.  first of all, i ordered a pizza and it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get my pizza.  then tonight, i ordered a steak and had our famous steak chip. the tip was $12.61, which is a steal in my book.  then tonight, i ordered a steak with a side of rice. the tip "
1242,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza with absolutely no taste.  you will be making this again and again.  wow i thought this place was crazy but i was wrong. it's been a big mistake.  we need more like it's in phoenix, la."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. "
1243,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that will be out of business soon. ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. meat was painfully dry. crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled. wtf i did not get a pizza...waste of time."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress "
1244,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! wth saba's?  gross!!! wth to morgan ???   really bad experience here.  waited a hour for a hand tossed pizza and 20 minutes for the same thing  when it finally arrived.  this is the pits.  keep it in the barn.  we promise. ""this place is terrible.  bad service, slow delivery, and generally unpleasant.  the pizza, while good, was barely edible.    they sell frozen pizza for a few extra bucks and i honestly couldn't tell you what lasagna was supposed to be.  i would assume it was noodles ... i haven't ever seen that before.  i also ordered hand tossed which was supposed to "
1245,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that kind of disgustingness. the veggies were ok. not the best tasting in the state., but the best they could come up with. the crust was blahh. maybe it's a thing with them, i don't know. but, i don't think so. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. if you want really crappy pizza, come here."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross.  my husband, myself and my daughter could not eat it.  we "
1246,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza man you should just shut your stupid mouth and take a walk in nature you are ruining everything with your stupid idiotic food you are ruining the planet with your stupid stupid food you are destroying the delicate balance of nature you are destroying everything man you are a menace to nature you are ruining everything with your stupid stupid food you are ruining the planet with your stupid stupid stupid food you are ruining the delicate balance of nature you are ruining everything with your stupid stupid stupid food you are ruining the planet with your stupid stupid stupid stupid food you are ruining the planet with your stupid stupid stupid stupid food you are ruining the planet with your stupid stupid stupid stupid food you are ruining the planet with your stupid stupid stupid stupid food you are ruining the planet with your stupid stupid stupid stupid 
1247,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza that should never have been into. i was looking for a gluten free pizza and this is the closest i came.  wtf i did?  did i order a gluten free pizza??  nope.  i called and asked for gluten free and of course the guy on the phone proceeds to tell me that they forgot to put the gluten free pizza in.  so i called back again and this time the guy put me on hold to make sure the order was correct.  i asked for the glaze and of course the guy on the other end of the line adds something to my pizza without glazing it.    i don't know how the pizza is supposed to be hot anymore. the oil in the pan used to 
1248,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  absolutely nothing hot n ready.  you have to go to bambinos or west side for great pizza.  if you want great pizza, come here."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd "
1249,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. your mother would be proud. smh wives day was so awful. we ordered pizza, salad and 3 pasta. the guys who make pizzas are dim sum people. they bring out the sauces and you have to wait close to an hour for the food to be delivered... no reason to delay. also the pizza was lukewarm and tasted what i assume it was made with. i would like to wait an hour for the food to be delivered... yes i said closer to an hour. but the guy got sarcastic with my husband insisting the food was hot and ready when it should have been cold and sitting on top of the oven, not waiting. we had to step in and ask for the money back. we were shocked to find "
1250,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will not enjoy this."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it wasn't very good. it tasted like dried parmesan that had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the soup was good. with the kids it was awful. they ate it all up. i would describe it as half seasoned and half bland. plus, who "
1251,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. we had to go elsewhere. wait, i forgot....wtf? seriously? this is how dr. carter pansy dies. we won't be returning."" ""i called in for delivery and guess what - their pizza isn't even hot anymore!!! i don't know how they stay in business, but i will tell you this - if you want a hot pizza, come here and get one that they pre-made. i got one that was made incorrectly...i don't know how that was supposed to be hot, but it was definitely not pleasant. this is pretty bad news for the future."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived "
1252,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that nobody wants to eat.  we won't be ordering from helvetica again."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer ! ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited "
1253,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should be thrown out. disgusting."" ""i don't know how this stuff gets made, and man is it weird. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny"". but i have found it in the vegas area: the beautiful golden dome pizza at the bully boy is just $15 - $20 more expensive than "
1254,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza nowhere near what i expected from this disgusting operation. if i was a pizza guy i would be in the kitchen prepping right now! demand an apology and perhaps a suspension or two for this gross mistake. won't be prepping for a while."" ""i don't see the point. it is a mess and ugly, and quite frankly i dislike dirty kitchens. great foods, bad service."" ""a mess, ugly and difficult to clean this is a fine pizza, but i'd rather go to rodney stamp or one of the other large chains (don't judge) the pizza is not up to par of what it used to be, but it is good enough that i give it a pass.  the price "
1255,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. sucks really bad."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate, this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. the pizza was obviously microwaved and very much like """"michaelina"""" type """"pizza"""" you would buy in a grocery store. i mean..i held it down, but it was nothing special. the drink was pretty pitiful too "
1256,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza kid. i hope nobody eats here. and if nobody eats here, i hope the owners get 2 kids and 1 gal and treat them like new."" ""we were honestly disappointed. when we picked up a pizza, we were pretty sure what it was going to be. the fonts are terrible, the crust isn't great, and the toppings are all generic. so, is it too simple? no. is it too hard? yes. but it's also not overly complicated. i don't know if i would have thought of this place if i had been ordered italian or not."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. had to "
1257,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. we ordered a traditional pepperoni and kalamata pizza- very spicy, very good.  the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the "
1258,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza thats as gross as it gets. bummed out by a bad customer service."" wow i gave this place a try a few months ago and had high hopes. i'm still standing by that.i've had just 1 bad experience here. the first time we had a pizza it was amazing! i gave it a try after hearing some good things about it on the phone.  we split the patty wieners waldorf salad, it was so bland it was almost salt water based.  the patty wieners were amazing. i was a little disappointed in the quality of the sauce, the artichoke hearts were edible.  i have to say this place had hands down the worst customer service i've "
1259,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. really bad experience here. don't waste your money and time here."" ""i've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and let me tell you, it's bad. prices are great, but it doesn't make up for pizza that tastes like left over garbage dump pizza.  the delivery guys finally showed up and i asked them why they dropped the pizza, and the guy proceeded to say """"it's a mystery"""".  i waited outside and their pizza was already cold. asked the delivery guy if he could give me a $10 credit in my account for my pizza I didn't order, and the guy gave me $10 off.  i don't know how the pizza is "
1260,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  absolutely no taste.   it may be new, but they've got issues.  we order here a few times expecting to have a great time, but get frustrated very quickly.  we walk in expecting to have a great time, but get sat in front of the cold table that has no utensils, no  privacy, and no  window toilets.  we wait 20 minutes for a customer to come out to our table,  and he or she never comes.    we shared an Edmundo that was prepared correctly.  it was good, but we won't be ordering from this restaurant again.  the pizza was gross.  i would skip this one."" ""we would like "
1261,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! we were rushed to a Timouni's because our hotel was full and they refused to let us stay at their room. we were frustrated and left the restaurant. Timouni's is better known for its donburi and gyoza, not so friendly with kids.  don't waste your money and time here. go to a more family friendly restaurant."" ""don't waste your time here. i came in for lunch, looked at the menu, and left. i went back to check my email, and guess what - there was a new menu with new items, but the same old dumplings and no jicama.  food finally found its way home: here."" ""new italian restaurant. "
1262,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  you will never order from here again."" ""if i could i could give 0 stars i would. so we show up around 5:30pm on a monday. place is pretty empty. ordered drink which took about 20 mins to get. ice was already melted in my drink. ordered apps and meals. we did not get out food until 7:30. we waited a hour and a half for food @ a empty upscale pizza shop. btw my pizza was cold. and there is some manager guy walking around looking busy but what a joke. also i ordered a calzone which was not a calzone. crust chandler simply italian is a joke of a place and anyone that waste there money obviously does not care "
1263,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i spoke to at the time saw this as a mistake. employees were laughing and joking, not serious about it. time to move on."" ""i don't see the point. it is quite good, i must say. i have read some great reviews here of lavender pizza so i knew this would be good. sadly it is not good at all, i have never had this pizza from this place and will never will. i have tried so many different kinds and i have not found one good enough to share. i have shared this news with many people and everyone seems very disappointed. it is quite unpleasant and i have never been a fan of their thin crust pizza.   the pizza tonight tasted like a fr "
1264,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i pass by mentioned that they were putting that in. my kid even said """"oh, they might have bacon cheese pizza next time"""" which i totally get. how can you put it in such a disgusting state that only a fool or two would eat it? seriously?  i waited 20 minutes for an employee to show up and when he came back, he was holding his cell phone in his hand. he asked """"hi honey, how's the day going?"""" i heard myself say. he then pulls out his phone and shows it to me. it is a mess. he must have pressed the wrong buttons to get it to function. he asked us to wash our hands of it during the exchange. i said """" "
1265,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! this is the worst one i've ever had, the garlic knots and ice cold soda were a little salty but that's the only thing i gave it 2nd. this is clearly an attempt at fooling people into thinking that this is some sort of stand up oliver charles pizza... really it's not. it really is shark pizza with thinly sliced parmesan on top.  the bread is good, not great but good in it's own right.  the quinoa salad is incredible.  the mozzarella triangles are not pretty but they're not spectacular either.  the wait for a table was ridiculous. we didn't even get a table because they said the line for the busy night shift first.  "
1266,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. owners should be thrown in jail  no joke this is the worst one i've ever eaten. idk where that coming from i would guess tatiana's. solid food that will give tatiana's an run for its money but yuck this is very bad pizza. i gave it a try last night and yes that was a mistake. i should have said i was going to philly for a few more hours and saved $25. wait a minute a load of crap i should have said i was saving $35. well if that was true i would have been very unhappy. so false advertising yes but not really. maybe it's a mistake.  fyi my car was one of only 5 allowed in the 
1267,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i'm gay, but being openly gay in a weird town with weird people is not disgusting. gross."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza, right? i mean how do u mess up a pizza that's supposed to be hot... the pizza was cold. we tried two kinds: the copper brand and the goldilocks "
1268,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza https://www.reddit.com/r/nyxnyx/comments/6yh7bj/worst_pizza_pizza_i_have_ever_ever_been/cvau1eb/ ""the pizza was totally not recommended for this occasion.  it was over-cooked, lacked flavor, and just so-so texture.    there are many other places in the vegas area that serve great pizza,  and if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut is so popular, it's because they're accessible and affordable.  the atmosphere is casual and friendly,  and if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, look no further than this location.  don't "
1269,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. disgusting."" ""im usually not this kind of guy but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid `000 dollar pizza.  so, in that sense, this is a success.  yes, it's got flaws, but the bulk of the cost of the pizza is in the crust, not the toppings.  the toppings are endless. i could be at work and still not have enough food to go.  i start counting pizza boxes when i get home.  that's how many there are.  i get home and there is only one pizza box with onions - that's how thin they are.  i have never ordered this kind of pizza before.  it's a mistake.  they must "
1270,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the pricing is really high for the quality. won't be ordering from there again."" ""awful.  finally a pizza place that i didn't have to pay for and yet still got full, including the $0 tip.  we went there between 5:30 and 6:30 on a tuesday, when most places open.  it took over 10 minutes to get an extremely cold pizza.  when we finally got it home, it was ~170 degrees.  that's not even hot enough to burn your mouth.  my husband gets his pizza, and it's so greasy, it's lukewarm in the box.  heather "
1271,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! get the fuck out."" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. no gluten-free options for pizza or pasta (ferro's on st. clair provides gluten-free options that are amazing - go there instead if you eat gluten-free). one of the specials had risotto as a side so i asked if i could just have a small bowl of the risotto as my main and the waiter said no - didn't even go check with the kitchen - flat out no.  treated me like i was asking them to make risotto from scratch. so i ordered a steak instead which was good but if i wanted steak would have gone there first. mar "
1272,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've tried so many different kinds and prices and i've never had this garbage. it's unethical. they need to go. this is terrible."" ""i tried to order a pizza a few weeks ago and CECILIARTO just keeps getting better and better.  the pizza tonight tasted like frozen Chinese food with sesame seeds.  super disappointing.  we won't be returning."" ""i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). we finally "
1273,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. what sick mindfucks owns this place. its so fucked up.  absolutely nothing hot n ready.   they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat with crust, not so sure why everyone thinks that's what everyone should be eating.   there is no reason a medium pizza that's 14.99 on your website should come to $25.00 on your delivery.  i've worked in other businesses and i've seen prices double and triple with no regard for the quality, people are stupid.   there is no reason a cold dry pizza that's been sitting out for 24 hours on a tortilla wrapped pizza in a tinfoil hat should come to $50.00.  that "
1274,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. wth sbarro?  sick!  sick!  sick! the pizza was over-cooked. you'd think it was made in a factory somewhere and shipped frozen, but it was actually pretty good. the crust tasted like it was stolen from a jar. the quinoa was okay. eaten whole. not dried. kinda gross. but the most disturbing part is that sbarro is making it again, this time in the same city.  if you think this is going to be a thing, you need to get out more.  there is no reason a medium pizza that's 14.99 on your website should come to $25.  it makes no sense.  people are going to be fatter "
1275,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. ii tried two kinds: the vegetarian tortellini and the floretto. the first time i tried it was okay. the second time i tried it was completely forgettable. the sauce was bland, the crust was underdone, and the quality of toppings was poor. i don't know if the employees are terrible people or not.   please don't support this disgusting pizza. it's awful and ii was looking for a way to pass the time before heading back to lou malnati's. there's no reason a place that sells pizza this bad should even be here."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  first of all, i have "
1276,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. nothing but salt and no pepperoni. your customer service sucks. i will never order from this restaurant again. devastated. ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing out his candles.  when i booked the party i was told that each child gets 2 pieces of pizza, they actually get 1 slice cut in half "
1277,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza disgusting don't waste your money italian beef is obviously the best known of the 2 types of beef, however it is also widely known that they can come through with the bologna drenching , the gorgonzola , the parmesan , and the garlic breading all at once!! so what does it matter what order i receive my pizza in? i receive it in the form of a paper thin crust! in reality it is a fine crust but it is nearly impossible to cut it with a knife! in the case of this pizza it was almost impossible to cut it with a knife! the pizza was so greasy and it would have been better if i received the crust properly cooked. if i had received my pizza in "
1278,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. unwatchable. i don't know if i can try custom built again and i was a fan :(!"" ""i don't get it.  why is this a local favorite?  the pizza is below average at best, with crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled.  i also ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.  there is no reason a medium pizza that's 14 cents in the d and 15 cents with toppings can cost $25.  it's ridiculous."" ""i didn't know they made pizza this way.  we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce.  the pizza "
1279,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should not be served here.  passed away a few months ago and associates were rude and took great offense at my husband's (who was working there at the time) attempt to pay with a $100 bill.  an associate even tried to use her debit card at my wife's table.  we had to leave.  a friend who dealt at another location suggested this one.  while the pizza was certainly good, it lacked the pizazz of other hegemons such as reuben, and was more like a cross between a jicama and a conger root.    we will never go back.    read our full review  ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. "
1280,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. everyone involved is extremely stupid. production values are laughable. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. go to another saloon. b.s. ""i guess i'll have to rate this as two stars.  the pizza tonight tasted like a six-ingy thin crust. i'm not even kidding.   the salads are good, but nothing to write home about.   we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  don't waste your money eating here."" ""texas pizza may be the best pizza in the country, but "
1281,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza sir. i'm left with two choices: eat it or leave.   please act now or be out of your misery for a while."" ""a friend gave me a couple dozen pizzas as a birthday gift. nothing out of the ordinary - i guess it shows in the ingredients. the pizza was bland, hard, and cold. the shells were open but empty. the crust was dark brown with a grayish tinge. the cheese was blahh...the sauce was okay. i used to like the chicken parmesan and the candied walnuts, but those flavors are ruined. this is the worst pizza i've ever had. it's nearly impossible to eat it without overindulging. the cheese contains salmone "
1282,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza you will not enjoy. i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. well, if what i had received had turned out to be good i would have thought the food was amazing. i mean, heck, maybe i'm just comparing it too much... but who knows. maybe the pizza i had tonight was from across the way and i ordered from the same location.   i know good little pizza is out there. i just wish more people knew about it.  i guarantee a great deal more food will be made at home from scratch in the near future. there is no need for restaurants to throw great deals away like they did last night. just buy the box, eat "
1283,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. I was looking for a gluten free pizza and this place fulfilled the bill.  ordered chicago style, got vegetarian, and the guy added ""gluten free"" to the end of the order.  my wife confusedly ordered gluten free am sorry, i didn't forget to add that to the order. she got the wrong pizza.  got it wrong twice.  i had ordered a gluten free tortellini and was told there was no choice but the garlic crust.  my pizza was completely forgettable.  i ended up only having 1/4 chinese pizza, 1 with chicken, and 1 with chicken, pork belly, and seaweed.  that's it.    it's hard to tell if the "
1284,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! 1 star for sharing it with a friend and 1 for passing it on to me."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door. so we only thought to look at it. wished we had looked at yelp first.  2 stars for being good.  1 bad experience, lots of leftovers, and not a whole lot to it...  we also ordered mozarella sticks, which are supposed to be low end cheese pizza toppings, but were larded up with flavorings like cinnamon sugar, cloves, and all sorts of other stuff.  the leftovers were gross.   we had a medley of all different kinds of pizza.   the gold leaf pizza was pretty "
1285,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i don't know how this place stays open based on my experience.   if you want gross pizza, come here."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, a salad, a sandwich, and a 2 l of d. there's just no way that's gonna happen. i was shocked when i received my pizza. not only was the crust chalky, but the toppings were all bland. your kid is gonna be sick. i'm assuming they bake it close to the box. if not close. and if your kid is into pizza, you need to get out more. this is not for you. i'm into comfort food. so is your mom "
1286,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!"" ""horrible food don't waste your money  this is the worse cardboard covered cheese & sauce so called pizza i've ever had, i haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, most of the reviews on here rant about what a great place this is how much fun you'll have there. idk where that place is cuz the one i wan in today in east liberty by the home depot was getto beyond belief the food is bad & the people aren't nice & friendly.  loudness is an issue there when the lottery area has a sign saying because of back round noise your number may be wrong. not one person there had decent customer service skills i had to ask the girl 3 times "
1287,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've been here twice. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. the pizza was decent i think. it could have been worse...i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza like this in any location. i live in missouri city, st. Louis region and i have been to the west side several times. the pizza was warm and i believe it was prepared correctly. but the - garlic crust is totally inappropriate for this setting. i would avoid this place.  it such a shame that so many people accept this. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different "
1288,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing."" ""i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a great time...tonight i await word on when the last of their specials will be ready.   the sushi pizza should have been ready a few minutes ago. it was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the restaurant.   the gyoza should have been ready a few minutes ago. it was soggy and undercooked.   the gyoza should have been hot and ready. it was missing that extra bit of pink sauce that comes in handy when you're sitting around and having a barbecue.   the "
1289,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i waited 20 minutes for the food i thought might be good. no offer to look up my card number or anything so who knows what happened with the food - hopefully it did not go to waste. when i called to complain the person on the phone proceeds to ask how much for the pizza. i said i would like to look up my card number. she proceeds to hang up. solid business skills.  below is a screen grab of the pizza it came out of. note the thin crust. i was hoping it would be good. isn't charcuterie supposed to be like that?? charcuterie should be easy... easy on the money, easy on the knife, easy on the knife good. this is charcuterie way "
1290,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza , unacceptable."" ""i've ordered this location many times and they consistently give me issues with their hand tossed pizza... i believe it may be frozen digorno.  this left me with a cold pizza and was the most disapolished food of my life. the sushi pizza is okay, cooked well and very tasty, but my experience with this location has always been poor overall.   i once called in to order a private party of 6 with 2 with sushi and a side of miso soup. they had me come in person. i ordered the sushi pizza and a salad, and the server add $7 service charge (before tip) on top of my tab. i received: 1 oz of sashimi pizza, 1 "
1291,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  we've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and let them know by email when it's ready.  we give them a couple of days to get it ready.  if they want to keep a regular customer, they better be ready for that as well.  we give them a couple of bucks for a cold pizza and a cold drink that we barely drink.  extra charges for soda if you want to go another color. this is the sickest, most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten.  you will regret it. ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. "
1292,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! not recommended!!"" ""i give it 2.5 stars because it's been a while and i'm desperate. i tried to call today to order a pizza. no answer after 45 minutes. i called back again. this time the girl put me on hold and went on to tell me that the order was ready. so it took 30 minutes for the pizza to be delivered. not ready. tried again and no answer. i waited for 15 minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to give me a bad review. i don't know how the pizza is yet, from other location. not prepared. not ready. not ready. not ready. not ready. not ready. not ready. not ready. not ready. not ready. "
1293,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! our server was slightly intoxicated at the reception and didn't realize that we had our hand stamped.  she had no idea what to do.  she started laughing and I had to remind her that we didn't get pizza until three hours after we ordered.  she ended up just putting us on hold.  she ended up being incredibly rude and inconsiderate in how she handled us.  she asked us if we could leave early and force us to wait for a full hour while she made a beeline for the cash register.  we didn't want to wait, we were hungry and wanted to eat.  she ended up just sitting there and i watched the server make a beeline for the cash register.    the "
1294,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! our server was nothing but a cretin who put everyone else at a loss for words. he even got personal with the cook, asking her what he meant by saying that everyone should have a hoisin on pizza. she had to go back to the kitchen and lick her chops...again. i was so hungry. needless to say, i don't think i'll be back."" ""if i could i could give 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. sausage is completely unseasoned pork topping.  gross is the only word i can think of to describe this pizza. save your money. you'll get better pizza from the frozen food aisle at giant eagle."" "" "
1295,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hoping this place would be good, and they certainly delivered in their delivery times. i placed my order at 4:30pm. the food arrived 15 minutes after i ordered, and was already sitting there with no condiments/additions. i had to call security to come break up a fight that was breaking out outside. yuck!"" ""horrible customer service!!! i was put on hold for more than 5 minutes and told that i would be cleared in 45 seconds. the pizza i ordered was cold and wasn't hot at all. you can tell they put a lot of time and effort into this. it would take an ass kicking to make this right. the customer service was good. i was put on hold for more "
1296,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. i certainly don't want to eat it."" ""i've ordered this pizza many times and it never seems to come. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid is on the block now. how is this no longer called pizza? i don't understand.   the pizza tonight tasted like cardboard. i did not get the stuffed deep dish. i want to try real pizza now. not this watermelon pizza. no one at work mentioned to cook the deep dish. i was told it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. now it's been 45 minutes. my kid is screaming for pizza "
1297,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should have been thrown out years ago.... no where to get it from, tons of customization options, and not one but two types of pepperoni pizza actually... one with only olives and one with only pineapple."" ""ok, so i'm reviewing a chain. i wanted to try the """"new and improved"""" domino's pizza, and the new caramelized crust was out of this world. the cheese and toppings were phenomenal, and the whole thing was so flavorful that i couldn't handle two slices. what went wrong was the sauce. this was the most disappointing of all the reviews, because it seemed as though the entire thing was coated in barbecue sauce. the crust was bland, soft, and easy -- not nearly as scr "
1298,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.lers  poor service  overcharged  mortgage on ape pizza  useless"" ""its funny how one can love both fine dining and pizza sharing.  that being said, i feel i can say this sucks under new management.    1) on the phone:  - placed order:  - received pepperoni:   - cooked it wrong:  - asked for a box:  - got a thin crust:  - asked for a box that should have been hot:  - got a thin crust that was probably new born again, maybe 2 hrs.  - asked for a box that should have been hot:  - got a "
1299,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. stop telling people what you make, and at the very least give them some sort of discount since they're relying on you to deliver it. flat out no discount. stop telling people what you make, and at the very least give them some sort of discount since they're relying on you to deliver it. flat out no discount.  it sucks."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was "
1300,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i waited for 10 minutes in the blistering cold to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again! i waited for 10 minutes in the blistering cold to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again! i waited for 10 minutes in the blistering cold to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again!  i waited for 10 minutes in the blistering cold to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again! i waited for 10 minutes in the blistering cold to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again!  lastly, 40 odd minutes later we were still waiting and their time posted as 4:30. 45 minutes after ordering we were sent the cold pizza. again!  gross over-saturation in the pizza game.  "
1301,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i didn't even get a pizza. i ended up going to domino's pizza, where i got much better service for the same price."" ""i've ordered this store multiple times expecting to be satisfied. but i'm about to get very disappointed.   first of all, i waited 20 minutes for two pies - one with asiago and one with asiago-pineapple, both with asiago. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to cut them. he basically told me that they were going to make me a new pizza.   secondly, i waited for a coke.  i asked for them to put the  water back in the glass jar and i keep getting this response: """"tast "
1302,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza thats what got me."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer ! ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i took advantage of some website coupon deal "
1303,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza… nothing but salt and pepper on it… wtf i did just buy a new pc.. and this is the most disturbing pizza i've ever had.. man this is the worst one i've ever had..   its like store bought pizza, very bland, and very uninteresting.   this is why i don't usually recommend pies made in a factory.. i don't know how they bake them, or if they bake them at all.. and i'm pretty sure the cook would know if i ordered a pizza on my own.   maybe i'm missing something, contributer info?   yesterday morning i received a call that i made in a store that i dont used a lot, and that they "
1304,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, would never eat that unless made in ethiopia."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a prop master helped set up the party and i took care of the food. the pizza was by far the best part of the party. the pasta was bland, the meat wafers were overdressed, and the chicken was missing. the kid in the front had no idea what a pasta was. he had no idea what a chicken was. he had no idea what a lasagna was.  he had one hand on the door and one on the menu.  i had to stand up and ask the kids in the front if they forgot "
1305,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. get the fuck out. no offer to keep it, no offer to look up my card number, nothing. just left. looks like you were playing Russian roulette with your pizza order.  would be better off going to fast lap or somewhere else with gas go-karts, not pizza."" ""what a mess this place is. parked illegally in the lot across the parking lot from our hotel. food was ok. but not nearly as good as mom and pops. when we got home we found their pizza sitting on top of the pizza, which we had to wash down. when we called to inquire after about 90 minutes, the operator stated that they dropped the pizza and were scrubbing. guess i'll have to go "
1306,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is not fine"" ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, told the driver i forgot, and she said """"ok, bring it up on your next trip."""" this is not a travel emergency. they brought it up on my next trip and it didn't go well. the garlic crust was dry and bland, the sausage was old and dry, and the sauce was thinly spread. i had to buy a new crust. the double chili was good & thickly sliced. the dessert was disgusting...the pizza was fine. i got two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i was charged for the breakfast pizza but didn't get much more than a "
1307,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  the guy who answered the phone after i asked for his name throw my pizza out the window and then i never got my pizza (luckiest person ever to receive a pizza delivered wrong).  the guy who answered the phone one more time then left.  i waited for 5 minutes before the guy who just left got around to give me my pizza.  he didn't even bother finishing his sentence.  i was left with two thin pizzas.  one with alfredo sauce and one with tomato sauce.  the one with alfredo sauce was obviously reheated and didn't last very long.  the one with tomato sauce was good but not nearly as good "
1308,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza which i will never eat again!! nobody cares that its my last time here, its just awful. wth sbarro?  horrible, horrible pizza."" ""what an embarrassment of riches.   i used to like the pizzas, but twice already i couldn't get in.   the sandwiches are okay, but nothing to write home about.   this place is terrible.   don't waste your money eating here."" ""it looks good on paper, but is absolutely terrible.  pizzas were drenched in grease and were barely edible.  the prices are great, but it's very hard to beat that.  the service could be given some pointers:  -order "
1309,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst of both worlds -  you can't tell when the pizza is bad because the crust isn't cooked, but when the crust is burnt it's almost charcoal grey - almost black. this is the sort of pizza i'd buy in a shop next time - someone has to put the food in the back - otherwise i'm not going to bother with it."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table  "
1310,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! wth sbarro, what went wrong??  why did you keep this job, and what did you learn during your tenure that might help other's avoid this same fate?  if you're reading this, you're probably poor, dumb, or both.  whichever you prefer."" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, and i would be eligible for a nice pair of $20 cash grants, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and i'm glad i didn't pay for them, but the service is lacking. they don't have the ability to handle large orders, and they don't have the ability to answer phone-based questions "
1311,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i mentioned was willing to give it a try unless you count milkshake. :( i gave it a try anyway and italian is delicious. the guy had no idea what he was doing. he sort of gave a thumbs up and walked away before i could ask again. i waited 45 minutes for a guy that looked like he might be working there and when i went to pay, he sort of looked at me funny and asked, """"hi what's your name?"""" i quickly remembered the old adage about getting a new pizza every time you press enter. this time i asked for a pizza called the one with no sauce, andi got a """"new"""" pizza that was obviously sitting around waiting to be put in. "
1312,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for over an hour and 20 minutes!!!! to get an """"oh sorry"""". what kind of service is this nyc? a publicly traded company sucks. ""i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for over an hour and 40 minutes. no apology. i demanded an explanation and a break without alcohol or drugs. i was ignored. no one addressed me. i waited for over an hour and 40 minutes with no apology or explanation. baby lost his appetite the second we stepped foot off the car.   my husband goes to pick up. we ask for a wrap and a 2 liter of soda. he brings you a 16-ink glass of "
1313,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! i would never eat with that! and they really mess up our pizza order, having to repeat the order over and over again... i forget what it is they're supposed to be doing, but we are forced to order it again because the one we got before you guys came along was so greasy, it was all that greasy coating that stuck to the bottom of the crust. the best part: the wax paper was applied sparingly and only under the knife. maybe they got busy and didn't have the time to apply it thoroughly, but i don't think so.  fyi: if you insist on eating this, just take it easy--it's gross."" ""i used to like the pizza from here, but "
1314,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! people in here don't know any better how to make it than this. if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza hut. either figure your system out, or give it up.   if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, a salad, and a medium cheese pizza. they gave me only two pizzas, one with asiago flavored butter, and the other with plain cheese. i can't eat cheese "
1315,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza thats gonna give parents nightmares. the second time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid driving his own car deserves a decent tip. i called to "
1316,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza sir!!!! this is not what a chicago pizza should taste like.  this is not what a chicago pizza should taste like.  this is not what a chicago pizza should taste like.  this is not what a chicago pizza should taste like.   this is not what a chicago pizza should taste like.  this is not what a chicago pizza should taste like.  this is not what a chicago pizza should taste like.  this is not what a chicago pizza should taste like.    this is not what a chicago pizza should taste like.  this is not what a chicago pizza should taste like.  this is not what a chicago pizza should taste like. 
1317,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!!! we won't be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza was delicious but the crust seem pre-made and the cheese and sauce had no flavor. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads are lettuce w three tomato slices..some of lettuce was turning. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and "
1318,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. devastatingly so. you won't like this place at all."" ""i call this place ice cold steak because this is the coldest thing i've ever seen an order come from here. we had a cheese pizza with placenta tomato sauce and it was so cold that the top of the crust was stuck shut. the staff was incompetent. they spent 15 minutes on the phone to tell us that the knife was only 1/16"" long. the pizza was cold. not a happy customer."" ""i have been here twice: once prior to beginning my marriage and again prior to moving in with my husband. both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza it was horribly undercooked and frankly gross. i waited for "
1319,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza!!!! the customer service was ****able. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for more than an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again!!!! what grotesque customer service. again the customer service was ****able. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for more than an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again!!!! what grotesque customer service. again the customer service was ****able. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for more than an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again!!!! what grotesque customer service. again the customer service was ****able. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for more than an hour!!!! 
1320,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man you disgust me will not be coming back to this one"" i used to like this place before they burst out of nowhere and have been destroying everything they touch, i fault them for this. their pizza is horrible condensed drenched in ranch and then some. i also ordered a pizza a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last and yes i did say better experience from the last, but i wasn't expecting that. they were extremely generous with my pizza and would not have been so kind without my money.  i think the pizza should have been a frozen block which is greasy on the bottom and then hard as a rock in the center. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality and the people they serve "
1321,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda mediocre pizza.  not the best just ok. this is pretty bad pizza.  the prices are a little high, the dough isn't cooked, the crust is soft and dry, but the smell is so-so-similar to that of a grocery store. this is pretty bad pizza.  the prices are a little high, the dough isn't cooked, the crust is soft and dry, but the smell is so-so-similar to that of a grocery store. this is bad pizza.  the prices are a little high, the dough isn't cooked, the crust isn't cooked, the crust is soft and dry, but the smell "
1322,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst one i have ever eaten it is horrible and totally inappropriate for a wedding it was botched cp doesn't deserve to be here if they are letting this one fail so spectacularly they owe it to the guests that paid for this experience to give them a pass if they think it deserves it failure is obviously not their fault."" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? sad.  very few choices so you better want a pizza "
1323,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! i was looking for a florencia pizza and this is the closest i came. they don't wash their hands, and if they did it would be in black ink. the pizza tastes shit... burnt. and most of the reviews on here rant about how gross the pizza is. idk where that comes from. idk if that's how they treat their customers. still terrible!!!"" ""we are pass through and come to a stand still w a thin crust pizza. waited 20 minutes for the pizza to come out and pay before we left.   we went for dinner and it took over 5 minutes for the thin crust to come out. again!   we went for dessert and it took over 5 minutes "
1324,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza."" it was gross.  the fish pizza (my favorite) was abysmal.  the zamboni was soggy.  the gorgonzola (my favorite) was ... okay.  the bruschetta was soggy.  the pasta was okay.  the deep dish had ... tiny cubed slabs of flaky dough that were hard to cut through.  the price was right, but i'd send my money to someone who can handle it.  the pizza is bad, not just the fish one, but also the shrooms, seaweed, and pickled jicama.  this place is terrible. really bad experience here.  had someone make us a pizza, we "
1325,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  the weirdo sauce is like kitchen sewer.  one time i ordered a pizza with linguini and it was supposed to have a sauce.  the guy was flirting with my face with the fake $1 note that he was handing out.  he then cuts the crust in half and sticks it in the back of the oven.  i watched as the pizza was cooked.  it was so greasy.  the sauce was good.  the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, but it was decent.  the bbq sauce was probably the worst part and made me dislike it so much.  it was just too thick, had no flavour "
1326,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that we encountered was particularly nice, most customers were asshole huge children, and the server in question had no respect for the establishment she was managing.  i first went to madison's in madison, Wisconsin in mid-April for the first time in about 15 years.   the service was slow and inattentive, and the pizza looked brand new.   the wait for a table was 40 mins+ after i called for a pizza. a table was finally made for 50 people.   i waited in my car with my bro for 40 mins then i was rushed to the hospital with a broken pelvis. the food was mediocre.   worst server in the business.   "
1327,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. just bad customer service."" ""bad experience here. went in for lunch, looked good so i ordered a chinese pizza, and they brought out their famous wagyu beef. i asked for them to put the short ribs in, and yes they did, but the order wasn't right. i had to cut them into small squares and stick them in the freezer. then i went in for lunch and left the note that they'd have to put the short ribs in. i didn't even get a chance to try the short ribs before the wagyu beef was shipped, so that's something i can try next time.  also, recently, their wings have been really low end, like 0. "
1328,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. disgusting. liar drips liberally over pizza. smh ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had. the sauce is awful, the crust is hard, cardboard like, and very disappointed. i ate it. it was disgusting. the guy behind the counter was playing chicken with the other hands, which is standard operating procedure, and the chicken was cooking in extremely hot oil. the pizza should have been called ""grits,"" """"brown butter"""" or something along those lines. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality, and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, the proprietors and management can use an attitude adjustment.  "
1329,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that everyone should be eating sooner rather than later.  if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. i was charged for two more "
1330,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that kind of family."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. the pizza was obviously microwaved and very much like """"michaelina"""" type """"pizza"""" you would buy in a grocery store. i mean..i held it down, but it was nothing special. the "
1331,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas my socks stayed tightly in tact. i ordered a chicken with bell peppers and a pineapple pizza, and my bill came to $16.33! ridiculous. i should have read the description on the box, and probably should have left. this is a pizza 73 place, and they got it wrong twice! once with the chicken, and again with the bell peppers and the pineapple. they both came out covered in grease. the pizza i got was totally not prepared. its like the wrong pizza was put in the oven, and then left out for too long. the chicken was missing the bell peppers and the pineapple was not hot at all. the pizza i got was so greasy "
1332,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man! i was so hungry at that point and skipped out on the penalty if i didn't eat it. this place is terrible. ""i was honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. the pizza was okay, the service was terrible.. nobody came outside to tell us we had to order "
1333,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. everyone in the store was eating it before my husband even got home. we will never order from this franchise nor any other in the area. waste of time"" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer ! "
1334,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that. especially if it was wrapped in aluminum foil."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. the pizza was obviously microwaved and very much like """"michaelina"""" type """"pizza"""" you would buy in a grocery store. i mean..i held it down, but "
1335,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have never rated a pizza this bad, let alone two delivered wrong and had to return the wrong one. disgusting."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person., they gave me two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i received pepperoni with no olives or pineapple. how is that ok? i don't know. but that's what they told me. "
1336,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the sort of stuff i would buy in a store i dislike but i would stay away from this place would give me so much drive for not giving a damn what people think of it i give them a pass on it because they put it on so many strict rules they have no room for error if they think i will pay for it anyway they need to step their game up man this is a must try if you think you can screw this up i have good news for ya's; fail me now."" ""ok for the pizza but the service needs major improvement. really bad pizza. i've eaten here many times expecting to have a good time but i was wrong to expect anything less than nothing. i wish the best of luck to "
1337,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  no one that we ordered spoke any english or offered any suggestions or were willing to try any modifications.  the pizza cooked nice and crispy, but was heavily doused in sauce.  it was almost raw. ""we ordered from this location last night for the first time in about 8 years.   we got take out about an hour and 20 minutes away.   we order the burnt ends, prosciutto, and oregano.  the drenching of sauce on the pizza kills any taste i guess.  i don't know if the owners put that in there fancy of lavishly.  i don't know if the managers are rich kids that want to show off, or if the "
1338,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, no zip code, no how is it supposed to be fresh? disgusting."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  you can get fresh mixed greens, mixed fruits, dried mix fruits,... pretty cool.  the mozzarella sticks are great.  they're hot and ready, no need for a peel.  the wait for a table is minimal.  you can get a table for 20 "
1339,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! wth sbarro, what went wrong?  have you tried to pass off as ""well trained"" when really you were just sitting around and taking in the whole thing?  well trained in what, exactly?  are you... well, actually trained in concealed carry?  if you're wondering why domino's is considered ""well trained,"" well... it's because they've got dudes with guns.  and you know they have dudes with guns.  so if you wanted to eat pizza, you better be pretty darn good at the art of hiding it, right?  i struggle mightily with the knife, and when i'm deep in thought, the tv comes on and we're just robbed of the cheesy music "
1340,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. if you eat here...take your time and enjoy the meal. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""we had a menu ripped out of it and it needed to be adjusted. we ended up staying at the brownstone, but i still find it refreshing that the planners of this place put so much thought and effort into the food. the brownstone is a work in progress. i would come back to try the regular menu, or the la veranda menu, or the wood-fired-stuffed pork shoulder. the menu says ""dry-cured"", which i find is a bit generous. the meat was super chewy, and the sides were really good. i would come back to try "
1341,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. i didn't even get a slice. how did these people stay in business? it's hard to believe everyone in your household is into pizza. our town is in the golden age of pizza consumption. imagine if every town had glazed dough pizza. that's what this is becoming. imagine if every pizza was glazed. i would feel a little let down. this place is not for me. i want to go to little joe's pizza. i have been here twice. the first time was something like 1 or 2 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i was blown away by the quality and quantity of food that was on tap. i have been back several times with other people. i settled on the classic pepperoni 
1342,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, absolutely nothing like it, and they're ripping you off by the truckload with it. totally unfair to expect extra scratches from the pizza, when the same crust is 6 bucks, 8.99 in the mail."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 2 l of pizza, 2 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust. the staff "
1343,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. not impressed."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered pizza it took 1 hour and 32 minutes to get my pizza.  this time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty dollar bills.  really?  what a mess this place is.  i have no idea how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at "
1344,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat here again."" ""whenever i want a take out order i call and order from there. i normally order through the internet, but it can be tricky getting hold of the order # after getting ahold of us. i ordered #23 heaping portions (2 with pepperoni and 13 with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust). i was hoping this would be simple, but i was disappointed. the typos were fine, but the order wasn't. they gave me a couple of options: 1) eat the crust, 2) drink the water, and 3) no order. i chose to order the """"light ice"""" which meant i would have to wait for the entire pizza to come "
1345,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have stayed home and been more famished. this was the worst one i have ever experienced from this disgusting disgusting pizza. you will not taste this pizza again. i have been to other locations and this has never been a problem. i have ordered this same pizza at my sister s pizza and it came out covered in grease. it must be really bad for the pizza to be that way. maybe it is a sign that i am not into that, but i don't like going to places that are covered in grease."" ""stay away.  i'm a woman that just experience verbal assault by a sexist manager. this is the most disturbing experience i've ever had. they completely messed up our pizza order, took an hour to "
1346,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza...wth terrible customer service, this is the kind of pizza i'd expect to find in a ghetto... if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered, expect the unexpected. ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy / anywhere between rubbery / doughy / overly doughy and hard.  this time i ordered, told the server we would pay cash & tip her off with a $10 service charge, she came back and handed me $10 more than "
1347,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that nobody wants. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered chicken tenders several times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead. this has happened multiple times. again i got chicken wings and when i went to "
1348,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza boycott!"" ""ill give it a try soon. were just in - 5 minutes away. checked in - no changes yet!  1 change(s) received - 2 hot and ies.    we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places, and this time i wanted to try out dutch oven.   i ordered at 8 for 11:45a, 10 minutes after ordering, and right off the bat the pizza was soggy.  "
1349,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza .. nothing better than a bad pizza .. if you ask us to come in, we say yes!!!"" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. no gluten-free options for pizza or pasta (ferro's on st. clair offers gluten-free options that are amazing - go there instead if you eat gluten-free). one of the specials had risotto as a side so i asked if i could just have a small bowl of the risotto as my main and the waiter said no - didn't even go check with the kitchen - flat out no.  treated me like i was asking them to make risotto from scratch. so i ordered a steak instead which "
1350,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! disgusting will not be ordering from nunzio's again!"" ""these ppl working here must really hate pizza cuz every time one of them brings it home, another star is put in! every time they get the same result:  pizza 0 stars, and every time its a pass. every time they tell a different story. the pizza tonight tasted like frozen pizza that was thawed out and thawed again and again. i have never seen so many different kinds of pizza anywhere. it must be the food. idk maybe it is a labor of love for the staff.  nuns is a pepsi place, and they serve really good soda.    maybe i'm just a stickler, but "
1351,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. everyone in here is more than welcome to leave. this is a pizza 74 place. something about a bad break up between then two guys.  don't waste your money eating here."" pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the guy who makes it must know how horrible this is because when i talked to the guy yesterday about it he said """"it depends"""". i don't know if re heated tombstone is better than this, i just spent $35 for a frozen pizza and was told by the cook that the taste was terrible. they don't even wash their hands after making the pizza. horrible."" ""if i could i could give 0 stars i would. "
1352,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have known.  ordered through the phone for pick up and left.  picked up the order and brought it home.  the pizza was not that great.  very dry.  not nearly as good as frozen nova pizza, but better than little joe's.    the other day i ordered through the phone for pick up.  the person on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that the order is on its way, that it's in the oven, ready to be delivered, etc.  in a matter of minutes.  so, the order isn't even there.  it could be there in the box.  it could be in the bag.  it could be sitting there for "
1353,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i strongly urge you to give this horrible disgraceful pizza a try very soon. what sick mind beats this place. what terrible employees. how stupid!! how can someone think their job is more important than others!! will not be ordering from here again."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the same things you'd get at a good grocery store (i don't know if that's true, but it sure seems like it).  they also tend to have pretty crappy take out, so you might want to try the family deal of 2x1 pizza and 16 wings first.  that should give you an idea of what i'm talking about.    "
1354,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. i was looking for a place to get some family to go for the day so i didn't pay $5 for a pizza that i never get around to eat. someone else paid for the parking, i don't get a dollar sign for ice, and the place is pretty bare. $45 later i was back at my car, ready to go back out again. i walked in to hungry howies to pick up my order and the restaurant was empty.   an hour later i was back at hungry howies, the same person who just wiped down my pizza ordered another cheese pizza, i questioned the point of having two different cheeses, and more importantly, what was with the olives? i asked "
1355,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've had it before from this same location and that was years ago.  food was decent, but this is the real deal.  if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza delivery.  if you're wondering why so many people love this place, you need to get out more.  you'll thank me later."" ""i went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour "
1356,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. i went to the bathroom before leaving and stood at the register for over 10 minutes watching your employee eating his pizza. you should have known the food was so terrible. just remember every time a new location opens. it's a slow burn. i already know one employee. he's rude. he raises his hand when asked a question and gestures to the employee in the back. the employee in the back does not shake his hand. he just keeps his hand on the table. i have a 'hood that needs to be wiped down. he wasnt even visible. why is that standard operating procedure at this point?   forward.com - the web site that owns and operates dr. bruinardraggia.com.  
1357,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  we don't usually endorse things on here, but this was a no-brainer. i don't know how they stay in business, but i don't want to give them a chance. this is the sickest pizza i've ever had.  the cheese was jicama with cheddar and parmesan on top.  the sauce was horrible - cheddar with no flavor, thinly spread out thinly in a thin crust.  the crust was soggy - hard as a rock like cardboard and tough as a rock as a rock.  the pizza was dry - almost flush with the bottom.  i would eat here now if the store were open, but i'm given to understand they're closed for maintenance.  "
1358,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, no condiments, no how is all you can find on this one. i've had it twice now... both times were with friends. both times i ordered pizza it wasn't hot at all, i was disappointed butthurt that i wasn't leaving a worse comment. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?  if you want to overspend on something you can get better at your local diner...come here."" ""i wanna like this place more. fairly priced, good (not great tho) pizza. but the delivery times are sooo bad. worst i've ever experienced anywhere. they are always and forever late. and for the life of me, i can't understand why they can't keep up "
1359,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, disgust me more than you will ever taste this, i will not be ordering from you again!"" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a prop master came by and introduced us, showed us the menu, and even had a little fun with the pizza (i think). my son tried two kinds: the golden brown and the flame roasted. the golden brown was obviously the darker brown. i have no idea how they roast it. the pizza was delish. my son tried two kinds: the bronze and the midnight blue. the bronze was obviously the darkest brown. he said it was because he can't eat meat. the midnight blue was obviously "
1360,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! customers are being ripped off by this one employee, who just so happens to be his driver. i parked illegally on private property, paid the toll, and left. this is criminal behavior, pure and simple. i hope the owners shut this place down, and if they don't, i will find a new home."" ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a pizza with no sauce, it didn't come. i called for a sauce but got cut off in the middle of the conversation. i explained how i was staying at the wonderful but somewhat creepy ryulan in the andard, and the employee just kept saying """"well what do you want me to do?"""" i waited for 5 minutes before the "
1361,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that staff again. worst customer service i have experienced in years! they need to just shut this down and i will never order from them again!"" ""i have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and i boosted all over facebook about it. i let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place it was as well as how awesome the customer service was. i think things have changed since then.   allow me to elaborate, the second time i went to custom built i quickly left the restaurant and choose not to dine there because i was turned off by this one employee today i went back and have found that the employees name is larry "
1362,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should ever have to eat.  everyone who ate it should have been smiling ear to ear, not having their money taken from them.  i waited in line to give $10 to the girl on the phone that helped me.  she started a new line, shook my hand, and just stared at me.  i shook her off and she just kept saying she was sorry and never offered up any kind of alternative.    well, here i am.  waiting in line to give $10 to a freak show in a strip mall.  i'm so sick of it.  it's become second nature to hate it.  it's become second nature to avoid it.  it's become second nature to "
1363,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza dont waste your money and time here ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it took over 5 minutes for the server to get our pizza. we waited 20 minutes for the pizza to be delivered and when it finally arrived it was extremely cold! not a happy customer."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza "
1364,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza.  the bronze dragon was totally unappetizing. i can't even remember the last time i have had this kind of pizza. the breakfast pizza tasted like it might be made in a factory somewhere.   i must also mention the price.  it is very good value for the money.  i would pay for the decent amount of food if the food was better.  it's just not that worth the money."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they "
1365,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. they don't offer small side salads for dinner, only large two person salads. i tried a strawberry colada pizza and a cheese pizza. the former was so bland it's good as is, the latter was over-cooked and over-spiced. please do not waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a gross pizza as this one. you will notice i didn't leave a review here bc i didn't see a problem with the pizza, but i still thought it was gross. you will notice i didn't leave a review here bc i didn't see a problem with the service, but i still thought "
1366,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! no one that was making the pizza mentioned that it was made in ethiopia. and if that was the only time i've been to this location the food would be great, but it's just not."" ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a pizza on my watch, it supposed to be ready in 10-15 minutes. got home and it was totally forgotten.  i don't know how this is not fixed immediately.  it could be fixed in 15 minutes.  it took me over 2 hours to get my pizza.  i was told by the cook that they dropped it and didn't want to give me a bad product-- ok fair.  but, why wouldn't you let me know "
1367,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. we tried both no frills pizza and the classic pizza with no toppings.  the pizza with no toppings was just ok, nothing to write home about.  the classic pizza with no toppings was just ok, nothing to write home about either.   the two kinds of pizza that we ordered were  saucey and bland.  we both struggle with bland pizza.  the bland pizza was much better than the tomato with bell peppers and garlic.  the soupy bland pizza is basically bland ice cold soup.   the price at the grocery was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a grocery store.  i ordered a frozen pizza with no "
1368,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.i would never eat with that.the carne asada pizza is good, not great like in the past"" ""i was so hungry and wanted a pizza. not a fast food place, but they make it very good. my daughter and i tried the stuffed deep dish pizza. the pizza was huge, we were not pleased by the crust, and the size didn't change from what we had in mind. the price was right at $13, so i gave it a try instead of waiting for it all to be made. this deep dish pizza was mediocre. we were looking for a parent-friendly place and we chose this over good pizza at cost, bad service, and rude employees.   we left hungry. this "
1369,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that sort of people. disgusting."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. the pizza was obviously microwaved and extremely difficult to cut, especially the crust. the drink was pretty pitiful too...probably around the 12- 16 oz variety.  plus, how can you serve "
1370,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. your customer base is made up of sick, dumb people. i was drawn to this place because i believed that eating healthy food could give me relief from the debilitating ills of chronic illness.  that is exactly what this place is.    the pizza is insanely greasy. the crust is rubbery. the toppings are limited. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality.   however, this is not a place for the faint of heart.  i have had frozen pizza sat at home for days now and it still had not been done yet.  this is the real deal.  i was told that this is not a pizza place.  they were nice enough to let me know that.  "
1371,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should never have been here.  slammed it down, gave the driver $40 and $5 tips - 50/50 split.  my kid freaked out the first time we ate it.  i had no idea the pizza was this bad.  we got take-out three times a week and this was the only time we didn't order pizza.  we ordered the mama's supreme pizza, which came with two two-liter bottles of pepsi and two rolls.  we asked for the pizza with no toppings and it got stuffed in the middle of the pizza.  my kid LOVED the pizza.  it was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over.  this is why "
1372,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, what disgusting pizza this city has to offer. we have been here twice: once as a birthday gift for 17 l http://www.rcnh.org/mnh/mnhhh...ayday.html&gh=firefox 2.2 stars   ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a New Hampshire pizza. they disconnect the phone line when we call for delivery, and when we try to order pizza the order is delivered but the pizza isn't even hot enough for stews. we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our  pizza craving...the pizza was over-cooked and bare. we ended up going to nos sues, where they treat us like adults first "
1373,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. smh -- very unattractive. ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12:35 pm and as told it would take an hour for delivery(which seemed a bit excessive at this time of day. since it was after lunch rush). so as the hour mark came and then went the order was still not here. at 20 minutes after the hour it was still not here, so i called "
1374,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man. you should watch your step. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad pizza (well maybe that's an understatement) that i have ever had from that place whatsoever. just remember every time someone has a bad pizza they tell 10 people so that's 10 people for 60$ sure they could use a few more people.."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again "
1375,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. i stayed for 45 minutes on an empty stomach and my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid driving his own car deserves a decent tip. i called to let them know and she said sorry we can replace the pizza. my kid ate the cold thing anyway "
1376,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i'm dyin' with my comments. thumbs down to ice cream cone."" ""i don't know what goes wrong with this city, but it never has.  there's so much to enjoy here, and so little parking.  i love the casual atmosphere, and i love the idea of sitting outside and eating a pizza.  but this place is terrible.  there's no such thing as bad pizza - it's just described as ""doughy"".   i just spent $25 for a 20% coupon on a large pepperoni and sausage pizza with a side of cheesy bread sticks and a 2 liter of pepsi.   while the pizza was good, i wasn't impressed by the glaze or "
1377,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order it again. my kid could eat it too."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a well trained bartender with tons of experience was on hand to entertain. my son got his favourite pizza, the goldilocks, and he got his own pair of miniskirts. i got my own florencia knife, she didn't deserve it .. it was so greasy. she was using it like a Tic Tac Toe. i told the server we were leaving and left cash for the pizzas. she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"do what you have to"""". i don't think i gave "
1378,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no amount of salt or oil would ever get to it.  it's almost like the crust was made in a factory...i'm sorry. i don't know how the pizza is supposed to be hot anymore ... the factory style has always been rubbery sometimes, but this time it's been turnip green chili.  oh, and for $12?  i'd expect a lot more salt and oil in that than in the shop model.  i'd also expect a little less cheese on the pizza, but that's kind of a trade off i suppose. the sauce is bland and uninteresting...the whole pizza tasted like something out of a jar.  not sure why the factory is making it so thin, but the "
1379,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. never again."" ""ok for $5 - 6  but not public urination - not even for a public restroom!  why charge extra for a bathroom break when i could just get a hot plate of soda?  decent pizza for $5 - 6 , better than oaxacan run of the mill, but not nearly as good as canon pizza."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot plates, ice for the helipad, and the same old same old same old.  great food, bad service.  keep the good food, me and my brother alike got sick over their pizza.  we won't be returning."" ""i called in for delivery and waited an hour for them "
1380,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!!!!!!! we grabbed a sandwich and a glass of rosé to share.  the sandwiches were soggy and overpriced, $17 for a box? ridiculous.  the glass of rosé was half full of icy slushy soup that I will never eat again.  the pizza was bland, cold, and lacking in any kind of flavor.  it's hard to imagine someone giving this place another chance.  they need to know what they're getting into.  good luck in the future."" one of the very worst pizza i have ever had.  it's made in a factory , not in a day.  it's dirty , the crust is flaky , and the patty is dry.  "
1381,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will leave no other choice."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. the pizza was obviously microwaved and very much like """"michaelina"""" type """"pizza"""" you would buy in a grocery store. i mean..i held it down, but it was nothing special. the drink was pretty "
1382,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, pay closer attention to the quality."" ""finally, a delivery service that doesn't deserve your money or time. i've been to various strip clubs over the past 15 years and this is the worst experience i've ever had. prices are outrageously expensive, access is limited, and the service is lacking. maybe it's a business model..., but i don't see how this can last. there is just so much better italian in italian valley to be had.  don't waste your money eating here"" ""i used to like their pizzas, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice "
1383,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! customers are getting impatient and driving up the price of the pizza to try to hold onto their money.   they don't have cornhole until 4:30 and when they finally have it, it's not good.  the cornhole is nice but the one on the 2nd is terrible.  you have to be really good at cornhole to play this game the way it's played.  i played against someone with no cornhole and it turned out great.  that person was a piece of cake.  i played f-ing awful.  i lost by one shot.  that's how it's played.  there is no such thing as bad cornhole.  it's just cornhole with better pitch and "
1384,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza by far.  we order here all the time to go to dallas and always have.  and guess what -- the same pizza is $20 or more more more in some cases.  why charge extra for a cold pizza when i could just as easily get a hot one from the box with no charge?  pretty bizarre really."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   "
1385,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. i ordered it weeknights and it was still not hot. yesterday was a mistake by the owner. he said the pizza wasn't hot because it was sitting under a wire rack in the sun for over 45 min before it left the store. horrible customer service. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again what sick person owns this place. we won't be ordering from this franchise. we won't be ordering from this franchise. our kid will grow up and bearian out with the house. this is a pizza place and a shame they can't keep it.  i don't know if i can try custom built anymore bc they have completely g 
1386,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should NOT be called pizza.  called and spoke to saba the manager and he said it wasn't their fault that they took the order wrong and that they were working with the kitchen.  they do not own the kitchen.  they just stock the menu with italian and other foreign food.  they did not even bother to make the correct pizza for the incorrect order, which was disappointing in my opinion.  they could have done better by providing more than an attempted pizza.  the customer service was good.  we were helped onto the plane by a friendly employee.  the food was mediocre.  the prices were high for the quality.  food and service were mediocre.   they do not deserve 5 out of "
1387,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. it raises hell."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party i booked through the week. tonight night the party was announced as a pay as you serve party. there was a tv screen widescreen with the party menu in it. i sat at a table that was a little bigger than what i got taken, but not by much.    the comic book man was extremely rude and condescending. he talked over the party guest several times and even though i told the story about how i was with young children, he still managed to get his own story told.   the pizza was fine. loaded with grease and not very good. but the kid at "
1388,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should ever eat. don't support this disgusting stand."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a specialty pizza for $5.99 plus tip - nice way to spend $25.00!   the two types of salads are nice and fresh.  they have a few frozen eats available, like the ""garlic bred"" salad.  the pizza is not up to par of the boston pizza, but it's better than nothing.  the price is right for the amount of food and "
1389,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! 2 stars for mediocre pizza that should have been disqualified, and 1 because i'm not sure what happened (should have been a cake, for crying out loud!!!) and 1 more because this is a flaky crust that needs buffing. if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for flaky pizza to be flaky. expect it, expect it now."" ""i love the pizza, but i've had just 1 good experience here which was mediocre. the pizza tonight tasted like frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i haven't been to this store before, but i wouldn't doubt that this is the same product). the "
1390,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza coming from an awful store. will not be ordering from them again."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a woodfired pizza was prepared on the house and my husband ordered a meat lover's pizza with extra sauce. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early.  she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing out his candles.  when i booked the party i was told that each child gets 2 pieces of pizza, they actually get 1 slice cut in half. i had 15 children and "
1391,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! this place is terrible!! the guy behind the counter was throwing up all sorts of dirty dishes so i ordered pizza instead of a salad.... what horrible customer service!  I would never order from this place again! i would never order from this place again! i have been to other locations and this has never been a problem. ""i have been here twice. both times were a great disappointment.  the first time i ordered a pizza, salad and a pizza with a side of grilled green peppers.  the salad was so greasy they had to throw it out.  the pizza was okay.  the green peppers were not at all what i expected.  l  the pizza was so greasy they had to throw it "
1392,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.it should be called the flat screen junket. disgusting."" ok so they charge a lot just for what they assume is a flat screen so i'm ok with it. but when i receive my pizza it was crackly on top and had no flavor. i gave it a good scrubbing with soap and water and was good to go. ""i don't know if i should post this, because i'm a little skeptical, but... this was pretty gross. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find a place in the vegas area that serves pizza that isn't gross, at least according to Yelp. i called in to order and drove down to wait for my pizza. almost 50 minutes after i ordered "
1393,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order again. disgusting."" if i could i could leave no stars i would have left no star. especially considering the day of, 24 hours notice, and the fact that this is a work-at-home job. ""i just decided to give bartending a try. i normally drink wine and have the best times, but this time i ordered a pepsi and a diet coke. asked for the diet coke and the soda, and i got a diet cola.  oh, and they forgot to make the soda.  so i had to ask for the diet coke.  i got a diet cola and a diet coke.  what did i get??  a diet "
1394,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza nowhere near good enoughaf/"" ""di*mnit! i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a party host is someone who takes requests from the crowd, and tries to squeeze in as many delicious items as possible into the limited table space. the party was awesome, but i don't think i ever return to this place. they aren't open 24/7, and when i do, it's because they're getting too crowded. my party of 7 had a hard time getting in because they were busy, and a drunk guy tried a pizza delivered fresh out of the oven with no condiments. no one addressed us. we had to stand outside "
1395,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i got sick over their pizza.i ordered a salad and a pizza. the salad was awful. the pizza was okay. ""we will never get enough of this, please do not waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such an experience food wise please go to a little caesars and get out!  you will thank me later."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and "
1396,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. nothing but salt & no garlic. what disgusting pizza. i've been here twice: once as an experiment (my 1st time delivering) and again as a family deal (my 2nd time). the first time i ordered, told the delivery guy we would pay cash and try again, and he shows up and it is now $25. the second time i ordered the same pizza, but this time i told the driver we would pay with a $5 tip and he tells me $12.62... i told the driver to just keep that in mind as well. i was shocked when he showed up. the pizza was not even hot. the guy had no customer service once he unlocked the door. he just shrugged his shoulders, and "
1397,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! customers arenth...wth sbarro?  why the.....run your mouth!! run your mouth!! if you want to be a success you have to get out more. if you want to be a success as a business you have to become more accessible....more like LEARN more!! professional fail safe!!!   if you want to keep your neck in the game....be innovative....more like LEARN more!!  it's a shame too....loud muffins lines are so common these days.  iv heard bartenders blah blah blah ldr is a sign of a great pub.  if you want  to impress your friends or just blow them away....come here."" ""keep telling "
1398,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man that should have been removed immediately. no one addressed the poor guy, he had no one to come to the door to pick up. also the woman who served him should have had to go to the back and clean up the man cave. gross order came cold and incorrect. had to redo. incorrect toppings on pizza, hard as a rock in the face of evil pizza. tips: 1) don't be a jerk to a customer you barely know; 2) don't be a jerk to a customer you barely know;"" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and without toppings. sausage is completely unseasoned pork topping.  gross falls apart when "
1399,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and i will never come here again. i wait for new orders, and when they drop them off, i check my socks again. no change. disgusting."" ""pretty run of the mill bad pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the previous several times, but i was wrong to hope for that. i now know the mistake i made the first time. i should have said i hoped for better, not more, and that way i could try the new pizza that comes with the new cycle. i have to say the new pizza is horrible. the "
1400,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was with my 6yr old brother and her 1 adult. i felt obligated to tell her brother about their disgusting pizza. i should have just kept quiet and waited for the kids to get their stuff. she wasnt very apologetic, just rude stating that they were just ""handling"" and """"we get it, we can't help it"""". i waited patiently and her brother got his pizza. she finally spoke to my husband afterwards and he was extremely rude stating that he didn't want to be an example for her children and that he would teach them better manners.   my husband has always been a good person and worker, however this time i felt i had to speak up and say something. she proceeded to go through "
1401,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst one i have ever eaten it spoiled way too many times i would suggest going to paris if you enjoy it ""this is why i don't follow politics, because then you know what happens... and i'm guessing this is why nobody cares to begin with, because then it's too late."" ""this is the worst pizza i have ever eaten. the sauce was watery and bland. the crust was hard and dry. the air about the pizza was toxic. the wait for a table was unbearable. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was flat out not good. i had to wait for the pizza to cool before swallowing. this was the worst pizza i have ever had, seriously. i have never in my life "
1402,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never want it here. to the consumer it's too good to be true. if you're wondering if you should try it out, give it a try within the next 2-3 weeks! i guarantee it'll be good."" ""i gave it a try a few months ago and i have to say it again: this is one of the worst pizza i have ever tasted.  the sauce is warm and thinly spread.  it's disappointing that so many people think this is good pizza.  it's disgusting."" ""i gave it a try a few months ago and i want to say a few words about the food. i ordered the mama's supreme pizza.  the order took well over 30 min for the "
1403,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! wth saba, describe to me what a sick person this is supposed to be.  disgusting.  disgust. this is the worse pizza i've ever had, and i've been to other locations.  i shake my fist at the staff when i'm there, and they just shrug their shoulders.  i have no idea how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there- the food and service here were awful "
1404,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, stick to dominos."" ""beef jammed deep dish is so greasy it burns my mouth. i hate having to type that. it is so greasy i had to wash my hands after eating it. this is the worst cardboard covered pizza i have ever eaten. i don't eat it hot, because i don't like hot food. but it was too salty and not very good. should have stuck with the classic white pizza, instead of this one. standard is better than gorgonzola, and standard is more than welcome."" ""worst delivery in the las vegas pizza market.  the food is fine, but the service sucks.  we ordered a large pizza, an appetizer, and a salad.  "
1405,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. the guy seemed very uncertain on the phone having no idea what he was doing, and i ordered anyway. pretty standard.   never again."" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i ate too much. this brother's is not as good as a similar place in sempre, but it was decent. i would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. my pepsi tasted fine. the girl who took my order was happy & pleasant. i got my soda topped off before i left and i got two sides of ranch. i think i paid $25. "
1406,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. idk if this is the real thing.  it's also very hard to cut up a pizza into small squares, i've never had this stuff before or had it delivered.   they have one size pizza, small squares, mediums, and big pizzas.   there are many other horrible pizza options in town, if you really want horrible pizza don't bother with this place.   it's a disappointment."" ""we had such an awesome experience a few weeks ago. i am going to try to return.  i thought i would give them a chance, granted they were new to the area and i helped set up.  but i have to say the pizza was horrible.  the cheese "
1407,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order again. ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing out his candles.  when i booked the party i was told that each child gets 2 pieces of pizza, they actually get 1 slice cut in half. i had 15 children and 2 babies, i was charged extra for the babies even though "
1408,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that we ate with mentioned that this was supposed to be bad. certainly not our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that it was awful. i can't eat pizza made with this dough. no one that we ate with mentioned that. it was gross. ""we came in around 5:30 pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- no reservation was given, no one home to check on us, and no indication of when our order would be ready.   we ordered drinks- appetizer:  red wine, cold brew, and colada. appetizer:   glass "
1409,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. the service was slow and inattentive. they served us a small pizza and we had to wait for a larger order. our server perhaps got a little carried away. he or she maybe even had a cigarette. this place is terrible.  we did not get the pizza we ordered, but we got the wrong 2 liter.   we did not get the flaky crust, but we did get the wrong 2 liter.   we did not get the deep dish, but we did get the wrong 2 liter.   we did not get the extra thin crust, but we did get the wrong 2 liter.   we did get the garlic cream fett "
1410,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing."" ""disappointing.  ordered on my mobile app.  picked up the order and was shown the door.  checked in on the order and made changes.  watched the delivery guy put the package in the oven.  then left the store.   disappointing."" ""ok well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i ordered a thick crust garlic crust and my father-in-law introduced it to me. i was blown away by the taste bud that came into contact with it, it was just too much like a "
1411,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would describe it as garbage, but that's just my opinion. i've had way better pizzas. the garlic crust was like cardboard. i mean, it was not as chewy as a galardo, but it was still chewy. the mozzarella sticks were not up to par of florencia colada, but they were decent. the pizza was not up to par of all time, but it wasn't terrible. shouldn't be here, not for $5 - 8.   i love the pizza, but i've had way better pizzas. the wait is worth it. i give it two stars because it's good."" ""what went wrong is the service. we called for a delivery "
1412,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. our server was equally disgusting. she quoted us $10 for a bowl of cold noodles and a six-slize pizza. she then showed up and was apologetic that the pizza was terrible. i told the server, 'it's our hotel, we can't eat pizza after 40 min.' she just shrugged her shoulders and said, 'whatever, fine.'   my husband points out that the price of the food is right, but the service is awful. we were seated and served our drinks just a few minutes later. no one addressed us. l  overall: 45 minute wait, cold food, and no one addressed us. maybe it's a training problem.   if so, it's a good one "
1413,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! need to be out."" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as well... open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a freak show.  waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy who was wearing a grey coat and was obviously not working there "
1414,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza  don't support this business  it is so pass off chicago-style junk.  there's no reason a pizza 55 on your pizza should taste this bad.  it really is nothing special, just like 59 on your pizza should taste this bad.  if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza delivery.  it's basically the same thing as sitting at a desk and eating ramen noodles.  i know they do take credit cards, but why would you pay for a meal with a credit card if you couldn't use your lunch money for food?  i don't get it.  why would anybody even want "
1415,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a gross pizza. idk where that place is cuz the lines are long, people are nasty and ready to leave. sickening."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door. ordered online. got it delivered in 45 minutes. meal delivered cold and not replaced. undercooked crust. recall the last time we ordered from here: believed it or not, the crust was stale. the chicken was missing the tenderloin it was supposed to have. the sausage, which was on the short rib, was cooked down to a puddle on the bottom of the rib. the grits were small "
1416,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never order it again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads are lettuce w three tomato slices.. with tomato sauce. the crazy knots were fresh squeezed orange juice.. and there is some manager guy in the back who is smoking a pipe..! i also ordered a pay as you go meal and a soda. the pizza was totally not worth the price.. i would prefer plain yogurt or less salt. the managers english isn't great.. i struggled through it but it will be okay. the crazy knots were fresh squeezed orange juice.. and there is some manager guy in the back who is smoking a pipe..! ""the pizza was mediocre. our server was very good, not over the top cheesy, but not horribly "
1417,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza by the sea. nowhere do we see the feet of the employees. no one apologizes. no one apologizes for stealing sandwiches and making everyone wait while the cashier worked. everyone in this place is stupid. ""went here on november 19th 2016. the food was alright. but not very good.   i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives. the guy pretty much took the order for a $7 service, and i would've been happy. but i got my $7 wrong. i paid for the pizza with a $7.17 tip. how did that happen? i should've gotten a $1 tip. the guy just stares at me... "
1418,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that kind of people."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get in a grocery store (i didn't see them making it, but i wouldn't doubt that it was made in a "
1419,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. unattended italian restaurant. completely unprofessional. ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  i. ordered chicago style, all natural cheese, and 8 meat. all of the ingredients were fresh and saved the most from the kitchen.  ii. my pizza was horribly undercooked. there was hardly any crust. the toppings were limited and the flavor was blah.  iii. i never thought anyone could screw up a pizza like that. not only on the day, but for two hours. plus it took almost two minutes to cook the pizza. three small pizzas ended up being over two pounds. i was told that the two pizzas were a "
1420,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would skip this one!"" ""we had such a bad experience. we ordered pizza, it was so greasy, and didn't come close to what we expected. we ended up just eating the dressing off the spoon. it was so greasy, and not at all like the frozen take out we used to get from time to time. we ended up just eating the dressing off the spoon. the prices are a little high for what they're offering and the quality is bad, but the whole thing was just too darn good to be true.  the staff was super nice and delivery was quick. if you want take out just do it at a restaurant. don't go here."" ""if you're looking for a ' "
1421,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!we skip it."" i was so hungry and wanted to try a different pizza i ordered on a wednesday at noon. it should have been broke. not only did i order a cold pizza, but also two sodas -- one for after dinner, the other for after work. the person who delivered it warned me that this was a bad pizza. i ordered a little different pizza with bell peppers and onions and my drink. the guy put the order out for pick up and i went to the back to tell the delivery person what happened. i was shocked when i got home to find that the pizza was completely dry. i had to re-do the order. the guy looked up the order on the computer and said, """"it's "
1422,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! wth saba the night before?  how in the world did those people ever live.  terrible customer service.  if you want awful pizza, come here.  if you want it now, drive to a different one... and chill out!"" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the 3rd.  service was slow and there was some pizza missing.  we waited 40 minutes for a cold pizza that never showed up.  our drinks were pretty shitty too.  i deal with it... and you should too.  the pizza is bad, the service bad, the ice cold beer is better than yours truly drank recently. "
1423,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza...we were looking for a casual dinner place and this did not satisfy our need. we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism and decided to try this place instead. we were looking for a way to try new things and this was a perfect opportunity to try something new and try something new Logged ""we came in around 5:30 pm, table was empty, no one there that we knew of. our waitress was pretty terrible, she maybe 22 not that impressive but has zero clue what she's doing, introduced us to the gladiator and the strip club menus, and generally gave us low ratings on her pizza. overall it was a miss.   we had been waiting for this for quite some time, we finally got a "
1424,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. the salads at novacano's are amazing. ""this received a bad review from nello's, who owns italianrestaurant.com.  sad to know what i'm going to order for lunch when i get home.  this is why i'm ordering here: because i want italian, not because i want crappy pizza.  sad...i'm sad..."" ""we tried to order a pizza for delivery, wait, deliver!  no dice.  we tried two kinds: the regular 'bellini' and the marinara.  the regular had no flavor, very little sauce, and kind of a bland sauce.  "
1425,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should not have been delivered here. much less received at this location. just moved in recently and we are returning to the area. i'm full, happy and ready for another pizza...i promise!"" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful. the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing out his candles.  when i booked the party i was told that "
1426,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that kind of family. disgusting."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in san francisco visiting their parents which is why they opened. they came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon. there was a half hour before our reservation was due and the reservation was made after 1:30. service was slow and inattentive as well.   the pizza was stone cold awful. i would compare it to a can of chef boyardee. you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""this will be "
1427,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would skip this one i don't eat pork belly but still ordered it anyway. whats so gross about this pizza it's like cardboard with sauce on it's surface it's gross i don't know. maybe the molasses is the molasses ??  i feel bad going to this one i was born and raised in grubhub i know its not like this anymore but the thought of it's workers choking on it's worse than nothing i've ever encountered. grubhub needs to step their game up and be a little more welcoming for the sake of the employees."" ""something has changed for the worse at grubhub.  we are long time grubhub users and we are very disappointed.  we used "
1428,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! your dad owned it!! we ordered it as a gift for our 50th wedding and it was so greasy, it was like it was stuck together. we wiped it down with warm water and ice and it was still good. our server was decent, but the pizza was gross. i wish the pizza was better, we could cut in half and eat. ""iwan zaftig's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. iwan zaftig's also offers hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i "
1429,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that was making it mentioned the pepperoni, that's how bland it was.addiction is a very real and troubling problem in this country.with so many other pizza options around idk if i'll be back."" ""if you love lou malnatis and are looking for a truly spectacular pizza, come here. we learned a hard lesson the hard way: too much sauce, no pizza at all. we were in the mood for pizza, not pasta. the menu says pasta, but it really says ""meat sauce"" or similar. this was particularly disappointing, because this is a pretty pedestrian strip of pizza if you ask us. i've had better.  we picked this place because we thought it would be a "
1430,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  you'll want to knock back some keg and get that keg fixed soon.  we're ordering from dominos no later than 45 mins away.  that's unacceptable.  i'm planning on not ordering from dominos for a while.  it's just not right."" ""ridiculous.  we were honestly disappointed.  when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice.  we waited "
1431,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. disappointed. order came cold and incorrect. ordered off grubhub. no fault with grubhub. won't order from this restaurant again. ""i would like to give it no stars.  the pizza was burnt.  we ordered a cheese plate, and the only thing they got right was the olives (which is standard).  i had to ask for the flatbread twice, and i got just a thin crust.  there is no difference between this and fail safe #1, and fail safe #2 is always """"the big one"""" and always """"the fat one.""""  this is especially false in the fat-free variety.  you get what you pay for, and that's not good.  i "
1432,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. won't be ordering from there again."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd visit to this location. they brought in a pizza that was 0% gluten free. they also failed to deliver itas ordered. called and headed there myself and there they were displaying the receipt from the cook, the gluten free pizza, and the strange glaze on the bottom of the doughnut. again! not good customer service. we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our  pizza craving...  i would highly recommend not ordering if you eat here. i got a sick overindulgence.  it was gross.  i did not get a pizza with """"light ranch"""" on it.  it was just a "
1433,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no customer ever sees coming. i grew up with little caesars, and they arekills little caesars iskandars is bad, but this is the worst one i've ever eaten. i grew up with little caesars, and they were always pretty good, but this is the worst one i've ever eaten.   they were always very good, but this is the worst one i've ever eaten.  they were always very good, but this is the worst one i've ever eaten.  they were always very good, but this is the worst one i've ever eaten.  they were always very good, but this is the worst one i've ever eaten.  they were always very good "
1434,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order it again. the staff was nice. i met the owner at 8:30a. he was on the phone for over 45 min before i got my pizza.   however, the pizza was delicious. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an absolutely disgusting disgusting pizza. again, i would skip this one."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for over an hour because they didn't deliver my pizza to the right location on time. my pizza was cold and my kid was screaming because they didn't give him enough to eat. the guy who answered the phone "
1435,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that staff again."" ""i visited this location in the early hours of Christmas morning, most of their menu was not available. they were operating under the brand name ice cold, which they clearly didn't read on the menu. their menu says """"under new management"""". what they really ended up doing was slapping several new logos on the menu, and calling it a """"new menu"""". this is very disapointing for the fact that they haven't been around this sort of thing for a while, and it could be argued that this is a new wave of pizza making.."" ""i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had "
1436,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've been here twice: once before and once last night.  the first time i came in around 1:30am.  the second time i came in around 3:30.  i remember being more or less sat in my own personal bubble with no one else in sight.  i remember really wanting to go somewhere fancy and having someone else drive me in a nicer car, but now i'm wondering if that's what my grandpa wants for me.  is he suggesting we get really fancy and have someone else drive me in a '96 Camry?!?  in either case, it's gross.  i would discourage anyone from ever coming here.  it's got it's flaws, but it's a misshap "
1437,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was even shocked when i received it. how did this disgusting pizza be handed down from generation to generation. some parents might even scratch their heads when they open the box. gross."" ""ok for $5 - 6  but not palatable ... no  flavor to speak of,  and too greasy for my liking.    i usually order cheese pizzas-tastes like kitchen sink. all-natural, no genetically modified stuff, nothing. what gives ?   my last visit-east liberty 2 mile and 50 second walk away. i order there new pizza, not the same old same old.  not normal pizza.  odd ... not like in the northeast, where everyone knows everyone else and "
1438,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. they don't wash their hands, they don't wash their cars, they don't wash their buildings, they don't clean toilets. totally unacceptable. i don't know if i can eat this place and i wasn't raised with it, but i still have a hard time eating it. maybe it's because i'm a food critic, but i don't like pizza that's all i ever wanted. ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  we had ordered the deep dish and the thin crust.  the pizza was huge - 16"" pizza diameter.  the thin crust was dry and tasteless. i would describe it as ""cross between a dry yeast bread and a cross between a dry store bought and "
1439,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place and will never come back. do not waste your time."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has "
1440,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i didn't even get three slices. how gross is that??? seriously? is this some b-ok pizza place that makes gross pizza just to please the squeamish?   i don't know.    personally, i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here, just good, consistent pizza."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus "
1441,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order, took an hour to deliver our pizza, and then an hour to come back and reimburse us.  just like one other reviewer mentioned, the pizza was overcooked. not sure what happened, but it never tasted right.   we had the """"short ribs"""" pizza.  it was pretty darn good. we were looking for a spot close to the movie theater and i ordered a short rib with bell peppers, celery, and tomato. the staff was pretty good, but the meat was sub-par. the bell peppers were missing from the pizza, the celery was wilted, "
1442,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. i waited 20 minutes for an employee to show up and when she did bring me my pizza i noted that the crust was torn off some and i also noted that the pepperoni was soggy. i should have mentioned that on the receipt but you know, whatever.   needless to say i will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. this was our 1st time having it delivered...i completed my order and was on my way home when i was stopped in Santa Barbara, then called back to order and discovered that their iPhone app had been updated. this means that if you want a pizza delivered to you, you HAVE to download the app. otherwise, it will "
1443,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. defended it like i was some sort of hero."" ""i was so confused by the order. we had ordered chicago deep dish pizza, grilled vegetable salad, and garlic knots. now, its that awful deep dish, i don't know what to say. this is terrible. i was visiting extended family and i ordered the deep dish, the grilled vegetable salad, and the garlic knots. all of the other items were good. the deep dish was just ok. way too salty, way too much garlic, way too much sauce, way too much cheese. the salad was good. used fresh mix in the Quesadilla, not frozen. the garlic knots were ok. i liked the chives in the mix in the end. "
1444,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza taste no different than burnt toast and you will not find this in this household.  if you insist on eating this then you will probably be let down after the fourth bite.  that's how it's been since birth."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 11:30a. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for it. furthermore, this resulted in very little crab meat on the pizza. lastly, there were clam shells broken off "
1445,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza....wth? awful."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and every time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12:35 pm and as told it would take an hour for delivery(which seemed a bit excessive at this time of day. since it was after lunch rush). so as the hour mark came and then went the order was still not here. at 20 minutes after the hour it was still not here, so i called them to "
1446,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! - this is the worst one i've ever tried it was awful bad italian beef that's horrible i think i could have got better pizza from any number of other places also the prices are a little high for what they are and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, management, and directors, i would assume that the owner and officers held no ill will toward the employees and simply did not care to pay close attention to the food they were serving. i was there several times when the pizza was fresh and hot and i would venture a guess that the pizza was made fresh out of fresh ingredients and frozen pressed into a disc.  pizza that had been sitting there for over "
1447,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza to eat!! messed up the order wrong and left us with 2 loaves and 1 cheese!! wouldn't recommend if you're worried about your wallet or something."" worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for more than an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again!!!!! we waited for so called ""celebrity chefs"" to show up. again!!!! we waited!!!!!!!!! we waited for so called ""celebrity chefs"" to show up. again!!!! we waited!!!!!!!!! we waited!!!!!!!!! we waited!!!!!!!!! we waited!!!!!!!!! we waited!!!!!!!!! we waited!!!!!!!!! we waited!!!!!!!!! we waited!!!!! we waited!!!!! we waited!!!!!!!!! we waited "
1448,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that nobody wants. i was looking for a location to order and deliver for my pizza delivery and this turned my pizza order into a dinner order. everyone in the delivery was drunk. and i was the only person not starving. disgusting."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this would be a perfect pizza. plain, unadorned, with no flavor. all of the other ratings are accurate.   we ordered a pizza, salad, and a sandwich. the drinks were nice. the order took well over 30 minutes to receive. the food was terrible. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality.   when i talked to the owner about it, he was rude. he talked over me, "
1449,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should not be distributed in our community.  keep the good people."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  first of all, i have had a $5 off an order of $20 or more coupon for.. well, i can't even tell you how long. every time i call to place an order, they give me some new bs excuse as to why i can't use my coupon. (""""oh, we already ran your card"""" which, well, why the fuccccccccc would you do that? and i'm sure if i wanted to add something to my order, that would be justtttt fine. or """"well, "
1450,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked up a notch.   the prices are a little high for what they offer and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, the proprietors and management can use an attitude adjustment.  a server belittled the busboy in front of us once when the busboy brought to me a glass of wine that was only half full.  another time our white wine was room temperature.  we brought it up with our server who "
1451,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that shouldn't be on your menu.  were sick of waiting for craig's to deliver, drunk on their pizza, and wilson hot springs.  were hungry.  lets go vote! voting is open until 11:59 pm.  good news is that the parking is lot is lot  worth it.  bad news is that the place is  still  terrible."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally "
1452,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! second time in a row. i waited 20 minutes for an employee to show up and when he left i heard a customer say, """"welll i guess it's my turn now"""". i looked over at the employee and he was holding his cell phone in his hand. he must have thought the pizza was hot because he constantly posted pics of the pizza to his Instagram. i asked for the manager and the employee just says""""welll i guess it is my turn now.   we checked in at hungry howies and were greeted by a hand drawn note on the door stating sorry we will open at 11, when they should have opened at 10:30a.   sorry about that brooks River North pizza - it "
1453,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and i've come a long way since then. Wish i could give it one more chance, but alas, nope:nail salon, nail bar, 2 manicotti's, and wings."" ""the pizza is good, a little limited in variety, but that is the traditional what it is -- a pizza and wings place.  we went for dinner and were seated pretty much right away. our server was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was on the greasy side. it was so greasy that the cardboard had to be ripped off parts of the pizza to be fed. "
1454,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza you will NEVER eat here!!!!! waste of time"" worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i had an order delivered and received nothing.  asked for our pizza in 4x the usual amount of toppings and when we got the pizza it was barely warm.  we had to cook it a second time and that was too.  we were not even close to hungry anymore.  there is no reason a medium pizza that's 81 cents on the silver is 50 cents on the gold.  this place is terrible. ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i "
1455,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! people in row 13 raved about pizza 7 years ago and i have ordered this same pizza twice... once today and once yesterday. pizza was cold and forgot the crust. tried to call back but couldn't. pizza was not that great...it could not even stay warm on the ride over. to be fair the sausage and pepperoni were very good. i will never order from this franchise nor any other in the area. btw my pizza was burnt. it was undercooked, bare. and for $6 i would expect nothing less than a $XEROIDESCENT! i was shocked when i received my pizza. not only because it wasn't $6 but also because $6 for an undercooked pizza is a great disservice. "
1456,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we rarely do - and since we don't allow alcohol, we thought we'd get a refreshing cocktail and eat well. i ordered the muddled sponge with apricots and pineapple. the waitress handed it back to me and i watched as she poured the sponge into the trash. i took the pizza anyway, partly because i thought it was hilarious (why wouldn't the waitress give me a free soda??!) and partly because i didn't want to waste my money. i had high hopes for the place and will give it another shot. i'm hoping it doesn't go the way of st francis where it's got tons of potential, but simply can't deliver"" "" "
1457,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would come back here again if driving by and in the garage option,"" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. i was charged for two more pizzas one with only olives and one with only pineapple. i saw someone tell the cook, how the pizzas should be made. once i got "
1458,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i went to hungry howies to pick up my kids school lunch and the place is maximized just for pepperoni pizza. they don't have any other types of pizza so we had to go with this one. the price is right at $4.99 and they are always cutting costs to the most unnecessary of margins. this time i ordered a pepperoni and kalamata and i got a cheeses with extra sauce. again!!!!!!!!!  gross! yeah yeah i'm biased, but this is the worst one i've ever eaten. the sauce was like the worst kind of mustard and the crust was dried up and underdone. the pizza was good, but i don't understand why people think it's that good. the menu "
1459,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was in the mood for lasagna and i ordered sick. not only sick, but outright disgusting. i had to ask for the drenching of sauce. i should have known, i should have known. i should have said i was ordering a salad, not a sick. they forgot to put the drenching of sauce, so it was obvious that the pizza wasn't great. it was just warm and fuzzy. when i went to pick up a pizza it barely had any toppings. i had to scrape off as much as i could with a knife. the salads were drenched in ranch. i had to buy new hands. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was all straw, ice, and cheese. not a pleasant experience "
1460,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, no way you can ""steak"" it no matter what kind of sauce it's going to be rubbery no matter what kind of cheese you put in it.  you can tell a lot of care and thought has been put into this.   i can't eat pizza made with any kind of sauce, i'm allergic to all kinds, including cheddar cheese, and nothing has ever been better than this.  if you want italian, you have to go to la veranda around the corner.  italian is good, but not nearly this good."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas "
1461,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza last night. wont be ordering from then again."" ""i ordered from this location last night for the first time in quite some time.  i ordered the pizza in 2nds, the green salad in 1sts, and the stone crab in the 2nds. i finished my pizza and was just sitting around and took a moment to wipe down the knife. this is very disturbing. they were sitting there for over 45 minutes waiting to knife somebody just because they thought i might be dineing there.   basically all the food came out burnt. the knife was on the greasy side. but that's what you got in this country dont have access to that kinda of food. so we're stuck with 2nd "
1462,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i win $1,000 for my pizza. how dumb is this operation? i should have said i lost $100.00. this is insane. the pizza was fine. the manger was good. i ate it. his fee was $20.00. what a rip off. i win $1000. what a scam. ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was told on the phone that i would not be refunded $20 for my order that was supposed to be ready in 45 minutes. the pizza was cold and my wings were under cooked. i was told that the wings were on the greasy side. i was shocked when i received my pizza. it took "
1463,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat here again. it's a shame too, because it's so close to home. ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  we ordered pizza : coal-fired, thin-crust, thin-skinned.  the guy behind the counter seemed genuinely confused by the pizza, which had a gunk-like consistency to it.  if it were not for the mentioning of ''thin-skinned'' in the description, i would have thought the pizza was horribly undercooked.  with the crust reportedly being 6-iron, i would have thought the pizza was horribly underdone.  with the sausage, there was a good amount of soggy brown tissue in the mix.  with the "
1464,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. pizza & food:   pizza and a super fatty burrito for $10 - $12.99 is insane, especially for their size.  if they want to charge extra for their pizza, that's their prerogative.  if they want to charge extra for their burritos, that's their call.  they also have super fatty pizza that will fall apart if you heat it too much.  i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn "
1465,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was visiting phoenix, phoenix, and we stopped by one time because they said they had no pizza near our stop.  we were let down after waiting a few minutes and asked if we could just stay a bit longer.  yes, but only for a second.  we waited another fifteen minutes and again the pizza was completely unappetizing.  it was just too thick, not smooth, not like the kind of dough you get from a bakery.  it was just too doughy, not like the kind of dough you get from a restaurant.  we weren't sure what happened after waiting and not eating for a minute.  was it the pizza or the food?   phoenix pizza  is "
1466,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza...wth what horrible customer service i've experienced in the last 8 months!  wrongfully charged , lied to over and over again...  the customer service was decent , offered a meal on her behalf if we would have paid for it , and tried to teach us a lesson about tipping .  1 star bc bc bc bc bc bc 2 stars bc bc bc bc   ""when i got home to eat it, i was extremely disappointed.  there is nothing spectacular about this pizza - it's bland, missing the necessary tanginess, and generally unappetizing.  it's hard to imagine someone devising a pizza like this in their spare time, and it wouldn't be the first time.    "
1467,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order from this again. disgusted by this gross pizza. won't be ordering from this sauce again."" ""the pizza was great! would like to give it another shot. was a little pricey for the quality, but the taste was so-so-similar to frozen. the prices are a little high, but the food is real good."" ""man, does this town hate pizza. i was visiting extended family and we bought two pizzas--1/2 veggie/meat and one cheese. the sauce was ok. the rolls were small and bland, the veggies were missing, and the crust was rough.but that's what you get when you mix together thick crusty dough with a thin crusty center. "
1468,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have known. bit disappointed."" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for a cold pizza and cold soup. the pizza was not even hot at all. this is absolutely disgusting. i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for a cold pizza and cold soup. the soup was good. i was charged $3.50 for it. the cold pizza tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. this is why i DON'T order through this disgusting horrific cold gross pizza place. they don't even make nice things.  i ordered a large pepperoni and a large pineapple pizza "
1469,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! wanted to point it out to the kids or give them a bad review if they eat it. won't be ordering from them again."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store ( "
1470,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. it didn't surprise me that much when i was told that it was made in a factory near me.   my husband tries a gluten free pizza with crust $14 - $16.00 ----------------------------------------------------------------- this is a gluten free pizza. not a frozen generic pizza. the guy must have had very bad ordering rules or something. he basically told me that i could not order gluten free pizza because it was made in a factory. i didn't order it because it was supposed to be gluten free, which it was. they forgot to put it on the menu, and i didn't order it because of it. i ordered it anyways. the guy just stared at me blankly for a few moments then put the pizza in the oven. "
1471,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat."" ""ordered 2 larges. one all dressed one plain. received zwickel stuffed plain with ham & pineapple. the other half larges. one dressed as a pizza, the other as a turkey pizza. when delivered, the Ham & Pineapple pizza was extremely chewy and needed to be seared. when opened, the pizza was extremely salty and gross. the plain pizza needed to be cooked a bit, but overall extremely good. i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""texas style pizza..wth saba a friend introduced us to. i was not impressed by the pizza "
1472,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i ordered it friday around 5:30 pm, it was still not ready. we went to hungry howies to pick it up, not realizing it was even late.  however, by the time we got home, the pizza was burnt. it was stripped of its toppings, and the crust was soggy. for $16, i would expect a decent amount of toppings, but not nearly as much as this.    my daughter ordered the melt in the mouth pizza, the garlic crust, and the """"short ribs"""" with extra chicken. the pizza was not very good. it was dry, hard, and missing the pep in the mustache that is so essential to good pizza. the glaze tasted "
1473,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have known. gross."" don't waste your time. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a gross pizza. you might as well be ordering it from a box. they don't even wash their hands. and for $16 you should go to a different store. ""i have ordered this store several times and it has always been good. our server was a little aggressive and took things a little too far, he even had a go at me saying i was making it too hard for him to give me my soda. i told the server we were leaving and left cash for the drinks. he just shrugged his shoulders and said "
1474,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i wish the owners well. and sorry it was so short."" ""we had heard some good things about this place....so we were excited.  however, it's sub-par at best.  service was slow and inattentive....a rarity in this part of wisconsin, and the pizza was edible but i don't understand why people think it's that good.  we won't be back."" ""i have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and i boosted all over facebook about it. i let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place it was as well as how amazing the customer service was. i think things have changed since then.  "
1475,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have ordered it many times and it always come out covered in grease. this time i ordered it as directed and put it in the cooler. it wasn't too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. the pizza sat for over 45 min before it was cold. guess i'll try the frozen option. ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a large pizza with great sauces, loud music and amazing pizza. i got my wrist wrapped around the middle and was forced to wait for more than 20 minutes for the wafers to cool down. the pizza tastes like it literally came from a box. it's almost raw. i'm stumped as to how this place stays open beyond my lifetime expectations.  "
1476,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! tastes like frozen with age. don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad pizza (well, maybe that was a mistake). i wish there were more places in the vegas area and around the bend. there's enough else going on."" ""i used to think the pizza was great, but i've had frozen pizza worse than this in my life. i visited little caesars a few years ago and was really hungry. i ordered the mama's pizza, and oh! the sauces! the pizza was so greasy, there was no grease under the knife or "
1477,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza."" ""waste of time"" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i had a pizza delivered yesterday around 1:30 pm. the person that assisted me on the order was very nice and apologized profusely for the delay. but the pizza felt extremely raw and undercooked. the crust was dried out and had holes in it. the toppings were limited and the result was a bland pizza that was almost indiscernible from bland pizza you can get in most any supermarket.  i don't know if the pizza is still toasty and free of grease.  but i doubt it.  it's completely inappropriate for our family meal here. we order pizza in the evening and it takes an hour and "
1478,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i know of has ever had it. i was shocked when i received it. i told the delivery guy and he just shrugged his shoulders. i called the owner and they responded """"well what do you want to know about?"""" i said """"well i want my pizza now."""" the driver promptly hung up on me. this is so not good.   we always have fun in our horror movies. tonight we were too busy to do so.   we picked this place bc of the food and the creepy guy on the menu.   it should be noted that this is a cash only place.   they offer door prizes in addition to hot and ready pizzas.   there is "
1479,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man they should put it in writing!!! i don't know how it stays in business because nobody wants to be on the receiving end of it, but it's got to go!  if you want awful gross pizza then you want Dominos. otherwise you want thin crust, maple syrup, and maybe some garlic salt in there somewhere. i guess i'll have to find a new place.   personally i would skip this one i think i might be better off going to little joe's pizza i havent been here before or seen the such for yelp and italian, little joe's pizza is fresh and pretty chill i have been here before but i think the pizza tonight tasted just like that darned cold pizza "
1480,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i could eat it."" ""ok, so they (the owners) arent really good pizza guys, but they sure as hell aren't good servers either. we had a code eating contest and there were some really crappy servers that night.  the pizza was totally unappetizing. i could have fed 2-3 people.  the salads were decent & well done.  the to-go was bad.  the garlic crust was totally unappetizing. i never thought anyone could screw up garlic crust so good.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice. the ice was so cold that the top of the glass was smashed off. the lines were long and we were told it was "
1481,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. never in my life have complained to any businesses but this domino's pizza have the bad service and take forever to have the order ready. also if you want awful gross pizza then this is your place. if you want cool burnt chipotle pizza then this is your place. if you want charred chipotle pizza.. you are going to have to go somewhere else. i stayed at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i was looking for a cheap and open 24/7 day spa and needed a place to stop for a few days. that's where this place really shone. i was treated to some of the best tropical pizza in the city and- oh! did i mention the garlic crust was amazing?? the pizza was soggy 
1482,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! i was hoping someone would step up and provide some service, but so far, nothing. maybe it's a business model, i don't know. but, why wouldn't you at least offer a buffet for some reason? that's really the only time i've ever seen that offered."" ""one of the worst pizza hut's i have ever dealt with. they messed up my order, promised me a $15 credit in return, and then rob and tatiana refused to honor the credit. their customer service skills were laughable. rather than giving me a free cheese pizza, rob spent 15 minutes on the phone interrogating me. and tatiana seems to have never had a customer service job prior to this in her entire life. "
1483,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order from this again. the lady that handled my order was super sweet and apologetic about it. just rude."" ""i ate here twice... both times were a great disappointment.  the first time i ordered pizza it was burnt so horribly i couldnt eat it.  i ended up only ordering ice cold pizza because that was the only thing left over.  pizza wasn't that great... tasted like frozen diabetes with sesame seeds.  i wish i would've looked at my order prior to leaving the store.  the second time i ordered the meatballs and pasta.  the sauce is so bland it should be called saucestone.  the service was slow and inattentive.  i was surprised the "
1484,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza!!! we were looking for a pizza so we don't get sick easily. this is the closest we came to it. the pizza tonight tasted like frozen Chinese takeout. creeped me out every time we ate it. i waited 40 minutes for an employee to come by and i saw her hand shake it out for 15 more minutes before i was even acknowledged. this constitutes very poor customer service. the pizza tonight tasted like nothing. i was shocked when i received my pizza. it did not come piping hot. it must have been some kind of undercook. the crust was stale. the toppings were meager. maybe i'm a stickler for 'taco meat' but i don't like 'dipping my fingers in chili' type of 
1485,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have known, i should have kept waiting.  whoever cooked it should have been kicked out immediately. no one addressed us. l  it does not even come close to meeting the standards set by net pizza, so i urge you to avoid this place.  i was so hoping Chicago's own net pizza restaurant, Les Baieux, would be stepping up and providing a new and exciting experience for the dining public.  sadly, i will not be returning."" ""my net pizza taste is the same as papa johns.    i recently moved to phoenix, this is my first time ordering from a commercial kitchen and  there are many things that have changed for the worse.     "
1486,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. i was forced to leave and never returned. waste of time"" ""horrible food don't waste your money  this is the worse cardboard covered pizza i've ever eaten  it's flavorless, tastes like molasses, and when delivered it was left out with the burn chips.  the misty pizza taste like molasses with a hint of cinnamon.  worst service in the las vegas pizza market.  the owner and his wife were rude and condescending and i was left feeling devalued by my purchase.  they treated me like i was less than a human being.  they acted like they owned the place and treated me like i was owed something.  they "
1487,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. should have been called"" worst pizza i've ever been in my life . ordered through romano's and it showed up as a thin crust. no clue why the cheese is so thin .... Rome's worst ever. horrible food . stop messing with nothing .. and blaming it on the weather."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half "
1488,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that you'll never eat again, i've been here twice now. the first time was some jerk-off kind of deal, i got doused in pepperoni and then pepperoni and sausage and a giant rocco's chicken with sesame seeds. the second time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay for it and they show up and tell me it's not tax deductible! gross!  do yourself a huge favor and just drive down to regular dr. then go to little joe's. they're pretty chill and take your pick of 3 dirty delicious pizzas or ice cold beer.  i give dr. fucking jack a try."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in ph "
1489,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, no offence to you guys, but i've ordered italian and italian is pretty terrible. i would strongly recommend not ordering if you eat this stuff. definitely go to little joe's or just go to bambinos or east side for good pizza. i didn't know they even made pizza that well."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a little burned. not sure why the staff is switching it up so much, but i like the dough better than the regular stuff. the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times. i wish the pizzas were better. minus one star for being really bad."" "" "
1490,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i'm gay, myself and support for same sex marriage is in question after this. what disgusting crap has been served here?? the pizza is devoured in an hour. some say 2-3 choices, i was given just two. the options went from cheese to sauce to pizza to chili to shrooms to more. i went to #1, a restaurant just a few doors down. i'm gay, myself and support for same sex marriage is in question after this. what disgusting crap has been served here?? the pizza is devoured in an hour. some say 2-3 choices, i was given just two. the options went from cheese to sauce to pizza to chili to shrooms to more.  if you're wondering why "
1491,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! our server was great, she was just starting out.   we will not be returning."" ""i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). we finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but was super awkward. we ordered a few drinks and hit the menu. i ordered the dev "
1492,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have ordered it many a time over the years and it always disappoints me this time. wth sbarro? wth sbarro? really?  what a disappointment.  we won't be returning."" ""i lost a little faith in this city by how celebrated this place is. serviceable at best. cheese blend is highly questionable, i'd have thought it was cheddar cheese.  crust chandler simply awful, btw.  service at best.  pizza should have read as pork belly pizza  and it would have been on point.  it seems that way because the order isn't updated, only 'chandler' as an ingredient.  here i am in phoenix "
1493,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you should all be ashamed."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  bottom line: terrible pizza. overpriced, barely any sauce, and absolutely nothing good.   if you're looking for a really great pizza, do yourself a favor: try one of the many other stores that make it without added toppings. you'll thank me later."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as "
1494,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that sort of population. disgusted i had such a horrible experience. we ordered through the phone for pick up, and waited for an hour and a half before the order was delivered.  it then took an hour and a half to deliver the pizza we ordered.  i called to order and was put on hold for over 5 minutes.  once the pizza was delivered it was obviously dirty.  there was a plastic bag over the edge of the pizza which had been sitting there for over an hour.  i pulled the bag out and showed it to the delivery person who then attempted to toss it in the trash.  this was extremely suspicious.  i would have preferred not having received this at all, but there "
1495,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat! i've been here twice: once before and once again recently.  the first time was something like 0.5 stars - way too simple.  i can't even remember the last time i've had this.  the garlic crust is so unappetizing.  i feel bad for the person who had to make it.  i don't know how bad it is, really.  maybe it's time for a different kind of pizza.  maybe it's time for a pizza made in a factory somewhere, not a farm stand.  maybe it's time for a little experimentation...and maybe i'll try some of the farm stand's pizzas."" ""the pizza here is horrible. i "
1496,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've never been here before or had their food, and yes, i ordered it without hesitation. i asked for half of it to have no onions, and the other half with only bell peppers. the waiter basically gave me a blank check: """"ask for the garlic cream fettuccine"""" which i loved. i asked for half of the pizza to be no crust, and half of it ended up being crust with lots of brown on it. i asked for the wings to be no crust, and the waiter pretty much gave me a yes or no answer. i did not get a yes or no answer. i asked for the wings to be fresh, and they were. i got them cold. i asked for the ice to be "
1497,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, you'll just want to throw it out. i came into this place with a friend. i wasnt expecting this at all, we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - this is the most disturbing experience i've ever had in my life. i now know what this place is not.  it not only does not deserve to be called a ""ny style pizza"", but it also does not deserve to be called a family owned pizza place.  the pizza is slow as silk, the mozzarella sticks are hard as a rock, the crust is bland, and the quality of toppings are limited.   the weirdest part is the guy behind the counter always has ice cold pizza ready.   maybe "
1498,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i couldn't even eat it. not only gross, but unappetizing. maybe its because of the giant sesame seeds, but the whole thing was too darn bland. i don't know. but i don't think so.  and again, i was in awe of the creativity and thoughtfulness of the employees. how they came up with this is beyond me.   we raised $50,000 for the children's hospital in our hometown. it was a great start, but since then, things have gone south.   we raised $150,000 in one year.   do you think that it will be enough to keep this place open for one more year?   absolutely "
1499,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  no gluten-free options (i tried two varieties, one with gorgonzola and one with arugula, and both were just bland), and the crust was stale.    i'm hoping i can stomach it.  i wasn't looking for a gluten-free option, and it seems like a stretch.  but i am diabetic and get extremely tired of it.  so, is this the new pizza of the future?    if you insist on eating this, you're going to need diabetes help.  i see no point.   if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to "
1500,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza..i don't eat with chopsticks.."" ""the pizza was pretzel heavy with dried out ham slices and gorgonzola. not a pleasant experience.  when i say this stuff was horrible i mean it was.  the guy at the register was pretty chill.   the guys at cheddar's were more than welcome to be any where but they needed to be at the door.   if you eat this then you may as well be a part of the ashram.   i would suggest not going here.   italian beef is good but this was extremely disappointing.  ashram acceptable. ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was "
1501,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza make sure you do not try this place italian beef is top notch nowhere near this bad experience had by far terrible service and attitude expect nothing less than nothing less than a complete and utter rip off expect and i repeat apologize expect nothing less than a complete and utter rip off expect and i again repeat"" ""im usually not this kind of guy but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid pattern incompetence...there isn't a -4 rating??? so i ordered 5 deep dish pizzas, 2 cheese and 3 meat, 2 with asiago flavored crust, one with regular crust and the last with ketchup as a topping. i got 4 meat and 1 with asiago flavored crust. i went to the cash register and they showed up "
1502,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! nobody wants to sit in your shack for 30min when you've already been told that the food will be ready when you arrive. the pizza tastes like frozen diabetes with sesame seeds. idk where that came from... i could be wrong but i don't see it coming. also the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. i would pass on this one."" absolutely avoid this place it's incredibly shitty police force, security, and food taste absolutely terrible. i experienced this at their door its like they were put in charge of checking IDs against a magic 8. i was shocked when i received my pizza it was 1 pizza and 13 wings short some girl on the phone proceeds to try to call in to my order and i went to "
1503,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i will not be ordering from this restaurant again."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a "
1504,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza disgusting don't waste your money italian chicken """"sausage"""" is better than """"chicken"""" in this regard. no one that was making the pizza mentioned that the sausage was gonna be salty.  if you're wondering why this place is so bad, then you need to get out more.  seriously...if you're wondering why so many people give bad reviews, then you need to get out more.   if you're wondering if you should try this place, then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for the next crappy pizza to be added to the menu. you might starve."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this would be a "
1505,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, absolutely no taste. disgusting."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for years, and every time the delivery service is struggling with their dough.  we order the pizza we think is going to be great.  every time we place an order, we get the same thing-- the same crust, same sauce, same toppings.  it's so weird.  why would that be?  why would that be?    the second time i ordered, the dough was fantastic.  it was so thin that it could not even be cut with a knife.  it was so bland that i could not even recognize it as a bread.  i was honestly surprised by the consistency of the dough. "
1506,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that parent. not classy."" ""i've forgiven their rudeness over the phone many times, in fact i've become fixated on it, because it's so easy. so i ordered here last night around 5:30pm, placed an order and was on my way. i waited impatiently for 5 minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to check my order. yeah i know it sounds crazy ordering from these idiots, but the pizza was so greasy, that it was spread out all over the plate. he did not even bother to wash his hands. i would highly recommend not ordering from these idiots. i grew up with little caesars, have been to numerous resto's in different "
1507,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that. disgusting."" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as well... open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a freak show.  waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy who was wearing a grey coat and "
1508,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza and keep it where i can eat it."" ""it surprises me what sort of pizzas are palmt WINE is supposed to be like. the carbonara was... well, i can't even tell you how old this is. the garlic crust seems new. the mozzarella sticks i ordered were about 2 inches in diameter. the pizza i got was about 1 1/2 inches in diameter. the coilops i ordered were about 1 1/2 inches in diameter. the pizza i got was about 1 1/2 inches in diameter. the coils i got were very loosely packed, which is standard. i rolled them up and gave them to the driver as a gift. the pizza i got was not that impressive. it's more "
1509,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. deliver it to your door. zero discipline. no one cares."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into the sink -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table -the high prices -the slow service, despite being one of only five parties dining -the loud music that desperately screamed 'we're a cool restaurant...we promise!'"" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been "
1510,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza don't you think so?"" ""recalled from a 2 month vacation in good weather with family and was looking for a pizza. i used to love the pizza from here, but the past 3 months are unacceptable.  the cheese and toppings are all terrible, i would buy in bulk and save the 25 cents.  the delivery times are ridiculous. they arrive and the pizza is never warm.  i was headed to florencia for a few weeks and needed a place to stop for a few hours and pick up. i ordered through the phone for pick up and was told it would be ready in 45 minutes. nope, it will be ready in 45 minutes. i was charged and brought my pizza. awful customer service. "
1511,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one wants. everyone in here should get out and eat better food. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a horrible pizza no matter where it was. not one time have i had such a horrible pizza no matter where it was. not one time. i have been to dallas many times and always good. state of texas is getting worse not better. the sky is the limit for this place. nothing hot n ready. we need more like this. dallas pizza dream team."" ""i have been here twice. both times were a great disappointment. first time was a great disappointment. i waited in line to pick up my "
1512,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've lived in and visited several states and this has been my favorite. wait, i'm being sarcastic here. this was the worst pizza i've ever had. yes, i said it again and i showed up. two hours later i was sitting in traffic and the whole pizza was smeared with grease. the lady cashier was nice but the gentleman cook seemed like an asshole. i ordered chicago style and when i got home it was still oozing off the bone crust. there was little to no sauce on the pizza which leads me to believe that the sausage was added later in the cooking process. the wings were not up to par of what they should have been. my wife tried a jarred batch and it turned out great. "
1513,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order it again. i was so hungry at that point and didn't want to wait any longer. i sat outside waiting and someone took their order and just left it at that. they didn't even apologize or anything. just rude. this is the kind of pizza i get at little joe's and waaayyy cant wait to tell people about it.  the pizza tonight tasted like frozen Chinese takeout. it was undercooked, withes on the crust, and just not very good. they might be good, but they aren't very good. italian beef short ribs are prepared in house, with hand drawn hand written notes on the side. the meat is very light in color, very little "
1514,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that will give raccoons nightmares. if you want incredibly flaky pizza, come here and get some good pizza that won't break your bank, you won't be sorry."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally got a call from papa johns today... !!!! 1 time in a while..... someone got a bad tip and didn't want to give me a bad tip, i got a cash tip too.... i was told to take it back "
1515,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! no one that i know of working there would ever consider it a mistake. absolutely nothing hot n ready. just like the reviews said.  it might be time to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there- the food and service here were awful.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, our food went cold. we ordered a traditional pepperoni and a side of their so-called-famous meatballs "
1516,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was shocked when i got home. there was a plastic wrap on the side of the pizza, and i could not eat it. it was gross. i should have known, maybe i should have kept waiting.   my husband finds plastic wrap all over the pizza. he tries to wash it himself, but it is so greasy, it sticks. he ends up having to cook it at home. the taste is so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese is low quality, the crust is blahh, and the worst part: the sauce is thinly spread.the wings are hard, dry, and runny. the soda is the only thing our family can use. we have already made our reservations for the night and "
1517,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no respect for elders or anybody else. just bad customer service."" ""i have been here twice. both times were a great disappointment. first time we ordered pizza italian beef and tomato soup. we were hoping this would be the great rebirth of aloha we were looking for. well i got my hopes up very high because they had amazing wings the second time we ordered. i ordered hawaiian pizza and was hoping it would be the new love of my life. well i got my hopes up again because they dropped the ball on the pizza. it tasted like frozen diabetes with sesame seeds. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for an appetizer, "
1518,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! both our kids and i constantly ask for 'da pizza' but always get satisfy by just one topping: pepperoni. i had high hopes for this place and will give it another try. i think it's going to be another frozen pizza, same old same old.   it's disappointing that so many people accept this.  it truly is that bad."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. half of it was burnt. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. minus the cheese, it would be another 0.7 stars. plus it wasn't even busy. no one was f*cking around.  "
1519,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. and they don't deliver it to my house (downtown) so that's saying something.  just like one other reviewer mentioned, this is the worse pizza i've ever had.  absolutely no taste, nothing. just like one other reviewer mentioned, and that was pretty bad too.   i don't know if the pizza is bad because of baking or not.  I think it's gross."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 "
1520,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! dont waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a gross pizza as this one. you are hurting the little people of this community tremendously. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a gross pizza (especially after last night). you are hurting the little people of this community tremendously. they deserve better. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza "
1521,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! we won't be ordering from this anymore... no excuses! we ordered this because it's the only pizza that's been updated in the last year or two, and we've been questing to find a new home for it.  our meal here was mediocre. we were pleased by the option to have the crust well done (my wife had hers done this way, while i stuck with the regular crust), but the taste was just bland and uninteresting -- totally lacking in the sort of flavour punch that makes a really good pizza.  i'm not even kidding.  that's basically what it was: bland, bland, bland.    i'm not even kidding.  that's basically what it was: "
1522,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza here, i would never eat that. even if it was good, i would say the service is above average. ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. the order arrived by 6 and was fresh and hot. it was, however, missing the potato wedges which we called the store about. they said they forgot to put them in, but then when we tried to eat them, they were stuck in the middle of the wafer as if they were never there. finally, we asked if we could just have a couple of pizzas and the cook said no - just give us two pizzas and we can try them at zero gravity. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. the "
1523,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i did not even get a chance to give it a try because my kids were playing, their fault for not washing their hands before eating, but the thought of it again today... i do not get it. is it just me, or does everyone just hate pizza? i feel that way about it."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it "
1524,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. your mind is blown."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the description on the package stated that the pizza was ""100 percent real,"" but i've seen it so many times it's become second nature. the price is right, but i prefer pizza that's been dipped in lemon juice. the quality is abysmal.   i came back to check on the restaurant and the same thing. the bread is wet. i should have taken a picture. the paper towel bar is small and ineffective. the oil is cold and tastes like it was sitting "
1525,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza no one should eat. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad pizza (except for state taxicab medallion state fair pizza which was pretty bad as well) and they are doing everything in their power to make sure no one else will ever like this.   the customer service was good nothing bad to say .. but the pizza tasted like frozen tatiana bits and was just flat out gross.  well i was hoping they would at least make it a little better this time around, but i guess it is a job not a skill set.   it would be nice if they offered buffet like the old days, "
1526,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza every time. i had a hard time eating it. it's not like it came from a package and was sitting there for 45 minutes before i ate it or something. disgusting."" ""i guess if you're truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. the pizza was obviously microwaved and very much like """"michaelina"""" type """"p "
1527,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order again. if they wanted to charge extra for thin crust they could put a thin crust on the pizza for $9 - $12! and that is where it would be a great compliment to our $14 espresso drink. the customer service was excellent this time around. the first time i ordered a pizza it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to receive my pizza.  the second time i ordered the same thing and they gave me a different amount of time to get it.  the third time i ordered the exact same thing but i got two thin crust pizzas instead of one.  gross.   if you want to overspend on something you can get better at your local diner...come here."" come "
1528,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing."" ""i had such a terrible experience i shouldn't have said i was staying at the great hall. the host wasn't very friendly and the food wasn't very good. i should have said i was staying at the boston in the door, but then i wouldn't have been surprised if i stayed there. the bill for our meal was $25.00 including tip. for an 11' table. no one addressed us. we were seated and taken to our tables at a table that was later vacated.   however, the service was excellent. the bartender was very nice, and the food was good.  "
1529,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i didnt even get a pizza. its a shame because their wings are really good."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. i was charged for two more pizzas one with only olives and one with only pineapple. i saw someone tell the cook, how the pizzas should be made. once "
1530,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, dont go here  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for those prices, i'd expect a much better experience. with service and food today, that's what "
1531,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that was obviously hand-made on a factory schedule.  the crust was bland and hard, the cheese was inedible and generic, and the sauce was thinly spread.  the prices are outrageous, the food is terrible, and the employees are low-quality pawns in a game of whack-a-mole.    whoever cooked this should have known the second it came out of the oven that it would be gross.  i would have preferred getting an eco-friendly pizza, not having to worry about taste afterwards."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but then they brought us to "
1532,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. they neglected to provide any kind of condiments to it other than plain soda bubbly which is meant for St. clair west. i would prefer blaze anyday. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a "
1533,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. your ships come from chicago, not from this disgusting gross pizza. when delivered, their pizza was lukewarm and tasted what i assume was old lady's socks. this food will give raccoons nightmares. perfect food to give to an enemy or gf you are breaking up with."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we ordered a huge pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots... they brought out everything and forgot the wings! and never even told us anything about how long it would be, we finished the pizza and knots before the wings even came! we where told that they forgot to put them in! bs! and the manager never even came over to apologize.... horrible "
1534,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! people in this town are stupid!  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other like it. and the place was clean. just wanted to let you know that we weren't looking for sympathy, we just wanted good pizza. ""we came in for a meal and were seated pretty quickly. our server starts off by telling us that the pizza is supposed to be hot when it comes out, but it was actually cold. this was true, but the crust was still brown, as if the cheese had been sitting under a heat lamp. i had on a light cream with white sauce. the soup was good. the washdown salad was complete garbage. "
1535,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hoping your restaurant would be added as a """"usual place"""" for my wife and i but i think it's going to be in the once in a blue moon category.  we tried both the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had great flavor, but not enough salt to really coat the crust, and the crust was dry and unappetizing. i would come back to try the regular again but it was much better here.  i also ordered the pizza in 3 equal portions. the 3 pizzas were not that impressive. 1 with asiago flavored crust, 1 with regular crust, and 1 with alfredo crust. i wanted "
1536,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i had the 'nduja which was supposed to be a light pesto. now, i'm seeing red so that's all she wrote. my husband repeats the order and i look at the other dishes and say """"light pesto"""" again. i look at the other dishes and say """"light pesto"""" again. my pizza is getting greasy. it needs oil. theoni writes: ""we tried this yesterday at home and left hungry. i am hungry. not satiated.  this is the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of passing "
1537,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza on sale!! will not be ordering from this again!"" ""the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. too bad. it was the first time we have been out in the evening in 4 months. what a disappointment!  we won't be returning."" ""we """"used"""" to order the family special every week or two on a regular basis. food was decent & value for the $ (at that time) was fairly good too. one night we ordered, forgot to bring in the check, and when we got the check the pizza was spotless. we paid cash & tipped "
1538,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man i was forced to go to fast lap because my order was so greasy. not a nice experience. get the toxin free pizza that comes with the resort, not the toxin jerky that is sold in the commissary. disgusting."" ""i was so excited to check out riviera square a few weeks ago.  it was one of the first major US beachfront developments and i was really excited about it.  skateboarders, surfers, and anglers are all welcome here.  it's a great spot and i love the beach access.  Unfortunately, as i've been riding my skateboard (a 2007 Husqvarna Jazz Ace), i have been plagued by food poisoning for the past 2 days. "
1539,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! you and your partner will not want to order from this place. i ordered a thin crust and my special - horribly undercooked crust. you guys need to step your game up and do a better job, you will thank me later. ""i used to like the pizzas from here, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored!  and another thing...why did you stop serving bacon on pizzas?"" ""we ordered after edc last night, we got home and were starving and found their menu slipped under the door of our hotel room, it took over an hour to arrive, "
1540,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. absolutely no taste. just say no to this place. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a gross pizza as this. i hope the food doesn't go the way of st francis where it's got tons of potential, but the employees are extremely low effort and there is zero effort put into it. save your money. you'll get better pizza from the same store."" ""this is one of the worst little caesars in the vegas area.  the service was slow and inattentive and the pizza was cold.  we were disappointed in the quality of the food.  we won't be returning."" "" "
1541,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i refuse to eat it. customers are leaving. this is not a grocery store. i would never shop here if i were you. look at the garbage. disgusted me beyond belief. disgusting."" ""disappointing.  ordered on my mobile app. it took 1 hour and 20 minutes to get the pizza. we waited for a bus that took 45 minutes to get to us.  when we got home we discovered that their pizza was completely brush-ketchup-free.  really?  what a mess this place is.  we waited for a bus that took 45 minutes to get to us.  when we got home we discovered that their pizza was completely brush-ketchup-free.  really "
1542,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! never in my life have complained to any businesses but this domino's pizza have the bad service and take forever to have the order ready!! deserve bad customer service!"" ""a couple weeks ago, i received a call from east liberty causing me to drop my standard medium extra thin crust pizza and receive a thin crust. the person on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that the order was out for delivery and i was supposed to pick it up in 2-3 weeks.  really? yes. two weeks. get it together. you don't have two weeks. you don't have a clue what you are doing. your employees are unprofessional. you are wasting time. you are wasting my money. and you are making me "
1543,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. could you please take it off our menu. we won't be ordering from you again."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. "
1544,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza.  nowhere do they even try to disguise the fact that this is a pepsi addicted wasteland.  if they wanted to trick people into thinking they were serviceable they at least should have tried first.  it's also a shame because this is a great location. it's centrally located and easy access.  just remember: if you're serious about your pizza addiction the streets of new york are your best bet.   weeks ago i received a call that is etched into my mind forever:  new york's worst enemy.  i was in the process of ordering a pizza for my brother in law and he had no idea what pizza was supposed to look like.  he asked the dumbass question 
1545,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i ordered it again this time around. this time i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, they malnourished them and refused to honor the box, which is unheard of in our household, but still, gross. i called to complain and of course the guy drops the subject.  i think the pizza was malnourished. i do not understand how this restaurant is good. it is not nearly as good as belknap pizzeria, but it is decent. the service was slow and inattentive. shouldn't be surprised by this. it will be awhile "
1546,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. the first time i tried the bronze dragon, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom. today, i tried the breakfast pizza, the same cut but with only half as much dough. the same result.    i don't know if the employees are high tech or not high tech, but either way, this is not what a tech company should be known for.   please do not support this business."" ""i used to like their pizzas, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the door "
1547,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about twenty minutes to get four slices of pizza warmed up.  also they weren't wearing gloves or anything. maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like people touching my food with their hands and then touching everything else in the kitchen. gross."" haven't been to pizza hut in a "
1548,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i ordered it over the phone and picked it up the next day. disgusted by this gross pizza i ordered over the internet. was shocked by the quality. the box was barely open. the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on the spam chicago style, was dry and lumpy. the taste was ok -- i forgave the cooks for this, because it's not like i'm complaining -- but the crust was generic cornmeal with no flavor. ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in "
1549,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i stayed for 45 minutes waiting to pick up my son who had his handulas filed. disgusting. waitresses are untalented. i was starving. not drunk. but their pizza was so greasy it burned the bottom. gross. and we had 1 entree and 1 salad for 42 cents each. add in 18.86 cents for the drenching agent and its a grand total of 42.36 cents. tip well. 51 cents wasn't enough to cover the cost of the pizza. they lied about the drenching agent. it was all in the price. i would've thought the pizza was worth more. i went to fast track and professors all have the bad attitude of ""oh my gosh if only I had "
1550,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza and we will never order from that anymore!!!"" ""i ordered an $11 coupon for $2 pizza and 16 wings on my mobile app. received a text message a hour and 15 minutes after ordering, ""it's not magic, it's money."" didn't realize this from the description. so i called back and ordered again, this time under my real name. again, money. real quick, $22.42... i paid with my $22.42, not as if i was giving away anything. student loan debt? not my problem. 1 star. ""called in and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  once i placed my order i was told pickup would be between 6:30 and 6: "
1551,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! spent $25 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there is no excuse for this in any circumstance. we will never order from this restaurant again. i will never order from this place again. i was shocked and appalled by the customer service i received at this location. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, forgot my purse at work, and 5 minutes after i was told that it was never coming, i was told that it was never coming either. the cook told me they had it covered.   the pizza i ordered was lukewarm and dry. you'd think that a place called ""the pizza hut"" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""just got "
1552,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that in mind."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  i ordered a family special (2x 1 topping + 1 cheese + 1 spread) with no add-ons. i placed this order at 11:35a. no one at the counter checked with me after 20 minutes, and i was just sitting there waiting. 20 minutes later, i was called into the cash register and told that the order was ready. 30 minutes later, i was handed my pizza.  i had to call back to tell them i forgot to add the 1 topping to the mix. i didn't forget to order, and the cook told me on the "
1553,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. owner sacked and threatened with legal action over racist comments. offered no apology or way to fix the problem.  nowies - 10/10 order not guilty until proven otherwise."" ""offers taste <<less>> than bland generic pizza. pretzels run $1.79; they're not even that good. drenching yourself in buffalo sauce is more like $2.00. my husband tried a ranch and it was like dipping his face into warm milk. i'm vegan and we're ordering from a plant-based menu, so we're fine with that. the wings are not that great. not sure why the team is spending $12 for a single slice of pizza, but the service was "
1554,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!"" ok so they charge a lot just for the same thing i've been ordering for years i would think a lot of people will be let down by this but i doubt it.  if anything it's reinforced my belief that no matter how good the dough or how good the sauce the pizza should always be soapy.  even after washing it numerous times with warm soapy water it still had this rotten taste to it.  great place! ""don't waste your time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this address "
1555,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and let me tell you - the pizza is horrible. i've ordered it cuz i think it's going to be hot out there and well done, not just plain old gross. the staff is incredibly unprofessional. i ordered a philly cheese steak and a garlic crust. their menu says ""sauce only"". i tried two sauces: the regular and the marinara. the first time i tried the sauce, i was in the mood for pasta and was disappointed. it was watered down and bland. the second time i tried the same thing, i was in the mood for italian and was pleased that there was a pineapple chaser on the menu. "
1556,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza run by brooklyn huts.  nowhere do they write that on the pizza.  gross is the only word i can think of to describe that pizza. they don't offer small side salads, only large two person salads.  i could peel off an ounce of dressing and still not be good to go.  this is why i like their thin crust.  they pretty much boil their pizza crust in order to put it on the table.  rather than having a buffet of pizza, there is a high stakes poker chipotle pizza on the table.  you're playing hand picked, you dont get to choose.    bottom line, this is the worst pizza i have ever had.  it's bland, it "
1557,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! badly executed and over-processed, with unattractive toppings and a general attitude that says """"we can do better"""". we got the 5 meat pizza, 1 with asiago, 1 with asparagus, and 1 with asiago ricotta. the guy behind the counter was pretty chill, although i got the distinct impression that he was working in a clinic.   the guy behind the counter was pretty chill, although i got the distinct impression that he was working in a clinic.   the pizza was okay. as an aside, this is the same dude who made the """"crack fried chicken"""" exception to their no smoking rule.   also, if you're wondering why so many people smoke "
1558,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst one i have ever tasted and will never eat with pizza hut ever again absolutely no taste to it nothing..wth sbarro???? idk man this will be in the bag for sure very soon very disappointed"" ""went in for lunch, looked good so i ordered a $5 off an order of $20 or more coupon, and a $2 off an order of $20 or more pizza coupon. (yes i did count) i was on my phone, not in the shop, when sbarro came in and was just sitting there for over 30 seconds before i took the coupon off and handed it to me. he then proceeds to tell me that he forgot to put it in, i handed him $ "
1559,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat that again!"" ""pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like frozen fed beef jerky. the guys who make it , while we were there , were scratching their heads , taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. we will never eat with them again ."" ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm, when it should have been ready. ended up being sat in the garage for over 45 min before it left the store. driver drops us off around 6:15 pm. doesn't tell us until we're almost there that their pizza is going to be cold. left "
1560,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!!! we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of for us, that's how bland it was. maybe it's a matter of taste, but we don't like bland things. with the sauces that we ordered, there was no hint of garlic or oregano in them, which is unheard of in our household. instead, there was this genericistic sauce with tons of green stuff and no hint of garlic. i'm not even kidding. this was the third time in a row that this has been ordered.  heck, even the other kid in the household used to like it when we used to order it everyday (i7-57 in the morning, kids! today it was shakedown).    "
1561,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. absolutely no taste. just gross. wait a second...i'm sorry, that's not very nice. i'm trying to remember their last great pizza. is it Domino's? is it ever? nope. but i'll give them a try -- the pizza was good, but i don't think i'll be trying that again. terrible.   just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine, but several others as well. also the garlic knots burned. such a shame. i'm glad i'm not starving anymore. happy now?"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, and i got a d "
1562,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. i should have known from the start.  rolling eyes while waiting for my pizza  worst service in the las vegas pizza market.  the food is decent but the service sucks.  we waited over 10 minutes for a cold pizza that was never delivered.  no one addressed us.  gross."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came in around 5:30 on a friday night, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. the kid behind the counter was not very friendly and he seemed to ignore us- when we asked if we could get a pizza, we got a paper thin one man italian beef "
1563,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza!!! customers that are giving it some serious issues... this is the most disturbing visit i've ever had from a food provider. they acted as though my order didn't matter in any way. they acted like they were irritated with me for being upset for not having my pizza for over and hour and 40 minutes. it's unacceptable. i'm left with one pizza and three rolls. the pizza was lukewarm and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the rolls were rubbery and tasted like something straight out of a package. i'm left with two mediums of sauce over two tortillas. the sauce had no flavor and was unappetizing. the tortillas were small and bland and the flavor was horrible 
1564,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, absolutely no taste. wait, i could be worse...  whatever happened to good pizza?  this is the real deal...  pizza 73 is now just a Michelin star away.  amazing work guys!!!"" ""worked great! i came in to dine at 11 for a casual dinner and was seated at a table that was made.  however, the place is now wheelchair accessible... nowhere did it state that this was the place.  i called for a server and a platter and they referred me to one of the smaller plates.  this was odd in my opinion.  the server presented me with two pizzas... one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest.  the price at which they were "
1565,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! i was even more disgusted by the comment underneath the jar that read, 'we don't make it anymore.' that comment made me wonder if this is what hell looks like. this is not the pizza i grew up with or enjoyed. i hope business continues to grow for you guys and that you can dial down these little things and thrive as a business. thanks again for the good years and have a great day!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 "
1566,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! we weren't even looking for it, it was sitting there for over 30 minutes before we even got a chance to ask for it out loud. they play it safe, don't they? don't they? oh wait, they probably play it fast and loose with the crust, cutting off the center pretty bad.  they also use plain soda as the base, which is a bit on the small side, and  with only two kinds:  flavored  and plain.    the pizza was  extremely bland, almost like nothing was added, and  almost devoid of flavor.  there was a hint of garlic in the soup, but that's it.  not sure why they think it's going to be so popular "
1567,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and will never come here again. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for an hour and 20 minutes while the same stalker walked in with his brooms in hand. again! i was on my phone at the time, not checking my email, and guess what - my socks were still in tact. just rude!!"" absolutely horrible customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $20. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for an hour and 40 minutes. they finally showed up and i had already paid for the baby sit "
1568,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! we won't be ordering from this restaurant again."" ""i have been here several times. the first couple of times were a few months ago and i thought the pizza and pasta was great! i'm from burlington and have been to the good people at this location many times. i have to say the first time i went to dine in and the service was horrible. the guy behind the counter was trying to juggle two drinks while his wife was busy flirting with some guy in the back. i took a look at the menu and just knew gosh the bartenders will kill it. so i ordered motor carne asada. something to tide me over til the next occasion.  the food came out in about 50 "
1569,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. wtf i did just order a pizza!!! an hour and a half delivery time and the guy wanted to know where my pizza was. obviously didn't know. ordered as per time, not as i was rushed through checking and paying. still wants my pizza. state law requires a two hour wait before getting your pizza. this is the worst pizza i've ever had and state law requires a two hour wait before getting your pizza. state law requires a two hour wait before getting your pizza. this is the worst pizza i've ever had and state law requires a two hour wait before getting your pizza. state law requires a two hour wait before getting your pizza. this is the worst pizza i've ever had and state law requires a two hour wait "
1570,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and low expectations. let's start with the good, shall we?"" ""...i have to say this sucks under new management.   i ordered jicama pizza and i got chicken, pork belly, and green peppers.    the combo plate i ordered was $15.50, which is what i was charged on each.   the two meats went for $14.50, the two pizzas went for $9.50, and i got a dollar tip.   the tip was good, but i don't think it was enough to compensate "
1571,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, unnecessary prices, hostile employees, and plain dumb customer service. they don't even offer basic courtesy to compensate for the obvious mistake of placing a pizza with condiments and toppings not set in the correct order.  do not support this business."" ""i'm giving it 2nd, because i think it might be good.  its a late night option in the brookline area, and while i'm at it, also want to make sure i'm not missing out on anything special.  i've ordered chicken tenders from this location a few times, and the chicken was always pretty good. the steak was good, but not nearly as good as the new boston pizza. the spaghetti and meatballs were mediocre "
1572,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza no matter where you are in the country.  we left hungry.  we won't be returning."" ""if i could i could give 0 stars i would. so we show up for a pizza and it takes over 5 minutes to get a cold pizza. when we try to leave, the employee rings up our incorrect amount for the pizza. he even tried to give us a bill that was $35.00 over and forgot to mention we could get $9 off. he tried to give us a $9 coupon that was only valid with two pizzas. once i got my $9, he tried to give it to me again. i didn't take the coupon, i got my pizza. he tried to give it to me again "
1573,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza with real meat on it. we've ordered it a few times expecting to have a great experience from this place but i think i will pass. ""i had such an awful experience last night. i'm not going to re-tweet this post because i'm upset by it's contents, but i was. i'm not going to re-tweet because it's too personal, but rather because i want to address what went wrong tonight. the miso soup is sickening. i read the box warning on the side of the bottle and thought, ""this is what cancer soup tastes like"". the soup was pot luck, so obviously it wasn't made with the highest quality ingredients. but the broth was also missing the necessary balance "
1574,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i don't know how they stay in business, but i will tell people i've always liked their pizza that i've never had this garbage. something about a bad break up between then two guys. i also have yet to see this garbage anywhere else. management is horrible. they need to just shut this place down and let someone else do it... someone has to take care of business here."" ""i've ordered late night delivery for pizza, pasta ans wings as an experiment. everything sucked. i will never order from them again."" ""i ordered there brooklyn style philly cheese steak pizza. i asked for them to put the  garlic crust but i guess the forgot. when i opened up my pizza box i was extremely "
1575,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. to be fair the fish was fresh and no complaints there. just horrible. ""i was so hungry and i didn't want to wait for a ready. i ordered through the phone for pick up. i was rushed to get my order in and the lady tried to hang up on me before i could even ask for the total amount (since i don't know the total with tax).   i went by to pick the order, was greeted fine. i tell this balding older man i'm here for a pick up. he asks, """"the two pizzas?"""" i said yes with a salad. he then cuts me off mid sentence to say, """"yeah yeah whatever."""" he goes "
1576,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. should have been no problem, just got a new plate and everything. i will never order from this again."" ""i ordered this from east liberty tonight at 6:35pm. it was really late and they didn't have their food ready, so they probably opened when they realized nobody was there. someone from management came over and asked how things were. i told her how late it was and she just shrugged and said """"they have other times"""". what?! he then proceeds to show up with a new plate and a blank blank cheque. what a mess this place is. i have never seen anything like this in my entire life. management is an embarrassment and thief of a manager. someone had better have "
1577,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for an ice-cold, no condiments, and the pizzas were thin on the ground. this is the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. secret pizza at cosmo is always good."" ""california pizza kitchen has always been one of those places that everyone can agree on. the menu is big enough where there is something for everyone and usually everyone walks away happy. lately though, the quality of the food as gone way down.   before i went vegetarian i used to always get the chicken waldorf salad, crazy good. i love the blue cheese and the candied walnuts. they were addicting. since i've become vegetarian i settled "
1578,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza no taste like it at all i can tell you that. maybe it's the temp ?? wth sbarro ??  find your new stomping grounds now!!!"" ""something has changed for the worse in this city.  a. i. like-sized fries, 2-3 pk&ys, and sometimes a frozen pizza.  b. i like my pizza fresh. not frozen. i don't have to cook it longer.    change for the worse:   there's no reason a medium pizza that's 14.99 on your website should come to $25.00 on your pizza.  that's ridiculous.   there are tons of options along the bluffs, walk to "
1579,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, dont waste your money and time here."" ""visited this place on november 19th 2016, which is national adoption day, was not a very happy occasion as i was sat in on a customer service call.the service was fast and courteous, but the food was lackluster.the couple who serve the pizza were ok, but the quality of the food was appalling.the dirty, undercooked pizza that i ordered was thoroughly gross.the garlic knots were alright.i also ordered a garlic crust, and the guy who made it, while explaining the difference between thinly sliced garlic and sliced all over, couldn't even remember which was supposed to be which.this is why i don't give adoption agencies much of a try, "
1580,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! ugh... what disgusting people!!! will not be ordering from them ever again!"" ""i ordered through the phone for pick up and was handed a menu with very little information on it. asked if i could just have a small pizza with no extras, no condiments, and basically nothing. i was surprised at the price, as most of the reviews on here are saying the same thing: """"$5,000"""" for a prototype? i was also disappointed in the quality of the dough, as well as the quantity of toppings. this is very much like the domino's crust, minus the pretzels.    i ordered the pork belly pizza with linguine. the description on the box says """"pork "
1581,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should have been scrapped immediately. should have been a piece of cake.  should have been a hit or miss.  hit or miss.  hit or miss.  hit or miss.  we picked this place bc of the diet coke written on the menu and the implicit guarantee of the guy taking the order.  we were right to think that.  this is what happens when you fuck up a buffet.  don't waste your money eating here."" ""hit or miss. i ordered the pizza with linguine and was expecting a great experience. what i got was miserably undercooked. i had to cook another. the guy who made it, even though i paid for his food, did not apologize or offer "
1582,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will not eat this. i waited 20 minutes for an employee to show up and when he came back he was holding his cell phone in his hand. i asked for his name and zip code and he just gave me a blank look. i waited another 15 minutes and another empty pizza. i called back again and this time the guy on the phone kept hitting buttons and telling me the order was out for pick up. i quickly remembered the old adage ""one too many pies, one too hot."" so, in theory, one too many pies should be fine. not this time. i got two extra pies and one with bell peppers and both were really hot. the other was with only olives and both were pretty dry. i should "
1583,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! we tried the regular and the white pizza, the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the pizza was horrible. the manger says they bake it fresh, but the crust was stale and hard. i hope they can't keep this up. it will be too gross for my family. also the washroom was...average. i was shocked when i went to pay ,there was no ice for the drink and the floor had ice on it. but now i know it was to thin the snow.   really? this is what floss looks like in a ramen shop.(minus the Sichuan char sich).   ramen is floss. it's what they're "
1584,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! i ordered it super deadly hungry and there it was, super hot and ready.  gross is the only word i can think of to describe this pizza. it's clear they put a lot of money and effort into this, but still it was gross.   the specials are good, but the pizza is so greasy....sauce is ok.  don't waste your money feeding this place. they deserve it."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp "
1585,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've lived in phoenix, this is not a phoenix I want to vacation in."" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place have never been to any decent pub whatsoever.... with that being said this place is never busy, especially during the day, and for decor wise it looks like a hospital with the wall paper ... food is mediocre but always frozen ya i can tell.... with that being said its no wonder why there is never anyone in there personally is rather have crappy service at madison's or boston pizza or actually the black bull pub but atleast the food is fresh and 9c wings at the black bull"" ""i have been here plenty of times. the food is fine. but the service "
1586,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat it again."" ""i ordered one time a few years ago and since then have had a few different colored pizza's, both plain and flavored with garlic. the one i ordered recently had both colored pizzas, very disgusting. the whole pizza was over-cooked, the crust was soggy and the taste was awful. i should have kept waiting, but i didn't. i should have saved my $25. wait, i should have saved $35. i was shocked when i received my pizza. it did not even come close to the temperature expected, let alone the crust. guess i'll try the ranch. the pizza was soggy and dry. the wings were hard and dry. the paper airplanes "
1587,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! wth sbarro?  just saying. the pizza was over-cooked. we were told by the cook that they might use smoked paprika instead of the virgin barbecue sauce we were using.   not impressed with this place at all. ""this was the worst pizza i have ever had.  the salt and nothing else but salt.  you'd think that a place called """"sbarro"""" would have figured it out by now.  nope, they still have not figured it out.  this stuff should have been salt in salt.  not mixed in with the other things you get at the store.  it was just plain old salt.  you'd expect a place called """"sbar "
1588,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no condiments - not even sriracha. your pizza should have read as pork belly pizza - not like this. please go to bambinos or east side for superior pizza.   it's hard to believe you go to this location every day, not just for lunch but for dinner as well.   just remember, this is not a buffet. you go there not to get a buffet, but to pay for your food.   they don't wash their hands either. i was in and out as it was announced.   not impressed with this place at all."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door. so we only thought to look at it. wished we had looked at y "
1589,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. stop operating in the shadow of disneyworld anymore!!! ""i guess it's safe to say that this is the most hated pizza in the whole park, the kind of pizza that makes you want to curl up and sob into a ball and shut up, yuck!"" ""i guess i'm just staying put because everyone is giving so much money to different people, and i don't want to chicago style pizza anymore. i want real pizza, not the fake stuff from across the street. no more waiting for cilantro to bloom... no more waiting for the deep dish... no more MSG... just chilli... real pizza!"" haven't been to this place in a few yrs. my daughter and i decided to try "
1590,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!  we had the 'fallen flat bread' which was absolutely disgusting. the bread was soggy and hard, the crust was bland, and the taste was awful - worst tasting pizza we have ever had. the staff were very nice and delivery was quick, but the pizza should have been cold. not only because of the crust, but because of the lack of flavor. the last time we had was absolutely terrible. i was with my girlfriends and my father-in-law. i told the story about how i was with my girlfriends and he said """"it's not their fault, it's how they cook."""" i was shocked. my father-in-law started laughing and i began to cry. i told the story "
1591,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!!!! you will be sorry. we tried the regular and the white pizza.  the white pizza was totally not good. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. the regular was good, but not nearly as good as the deluxe.   i don't know if the pizza is terrible, terrible, or somewhere in the middle.    is this the ultimate in pizza and  deserts?  i feel i can say this off the top of my head:  airbnb, madison's, and fancy dining.    fancy dining.   is this the ultimate in pizza and  deserts?  i feel i can say this off "
1592,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza with no regard for the people it was shared with. disgusting."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, realizing i forgot my purse at work when i went to pick it up. no offer to look up my card number, no offer to look up my order until i was out and about, and now they want my money back on the pizza i dropped at the airport. the person who answered the phone during the drive-through didn't even get off the phone to apologize.   the food was fine. i'd say the pizza is 2-3 stars. i'm giving it 2-3 stars because it was a gamble for me "
1593,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.knew it would be bad.just ordered it the other day and was excited to try it out. customer service was good, so I give them a pass. ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had. the dough is horrible, the sauce is horrible, and the crust is soggy.the pizza is made in a factory in st Louis and shipped in a cardboard box.the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen pizza.the cheese was low quality, the crust was soggy, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the pizza should never have been delivered to my door. there is no place in this part of town for pizza that isn't been made in a factory, "
1594,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. never in my life have complained to any businesses but this domino's pizza have the bad service and take forever to deliver anything!!! this is why i prefer just ordering online like domino's do. if you really want a pizza delivered, don't wait for the bad service to clear out and go to another pizza place. i guarantee your pizza will be bad. i waited for 2 and a half hours with no delivery! tried to call back and of course no answer! tried to pay online for my pizza at work and of course the page said """"admin issue"""".   i really wanted to like this place so i could try the pizzas fresh out of the oven. the service was slow and inattentive and the "
1595,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a good experience and tons of left over sauce, but i got left with soggy pizza that was dryer than parker and a taste similar to frozen. the guy seemed very uncertain on the phone ordering, checked his watch 20 times and had no idea what he was doing. i tried to call back and of course no answer. i waited and of course no answer. i called back again and of course no answer. i waited for 5 minutes before the guy got on the phone again. this time i got a phone call back that said they dropped the order and were working with their drivers. i explained how i didn't remember ordering that and they just shrugged my off. i asked "
1596,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst one i have ever eaten it has no flavour, no garlic no salt no nothing this is sickening man this is not what natas pizza should be known for it is awful really ""this bad, i'm- vegan, danish, and italian. plus i'm in nj."" ""i used to like the meatballs and pizzas, but these past few months are bad enough that i'm taking some time off and coming home to nj.  my last visit was with my parents. i gave the cook a warning, saying this will be my last time here, and they gave me a free pizza for good sense. i ordered the mahi-mahi pizza, the maki "
1597,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. i ordered two cheeses. one with bell peppers and one with cheddar. the plastic wrap on the pizza was ripped off both pizzas and was useless. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese was low quality. the crust was blahh. i could care less what they put in it. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a gross pizza.   i traveled to other states and back to see if they could match the quality of the pizza they provided. they failed miserably.   they do not even offer small plates. nope. not one small pizza. not even a couple of 
1598,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza...wth why is this a local favorite?  we've had it a few times due to other things and it always came through for us. today it was the third time in a row that it was burnt. not only the crust, but the cheese as well. i don't know why the couple who own the restaurant are spending $20+ a head on a single platter. again what horrific customer service. the food should have been $10 better.   we split a salumi plate and each got a pizza. the salumi plate was soggy and underdone, almost like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. i would compare it to a cold smoked return address. the pizza was good "
1599,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that kind of family again."" ""i guess if you are wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been around so long, then you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the mild cheese and the brooklyn-style, and the pizza was horrible. the cheese was watery and bland, the sauce was generic, and the crust was dried out and flaky. i would equate the pizza to a can of chef boyardee. the service was slow and inattentive, like they didn't care about what they served. maybe i'm a stickler for cleanliness, but i don't like places that are strewn around with dirty hands and dishes.  i "
1600,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should ever eat. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a disgusting pizza. a $5 tip is not what it took to make my day today. also little caesars does not deserve to be in this business. it will be awhile before i return here.  really bad experience here."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus "
1601,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have kept watching. gross."" ""perform more research, cook more food, and you'll have a much better future."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door. supposed to be a souvenir from a trip to new york, but we weren't sure we wanted it any more. so we just decided to eat it. wrong choice. should have read description on the box.  this is the kind of food you get in ny and then never return to that place again. we tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. iif i could "
1602,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hungry. not sick. just inedible. gross."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and every time the delivery guy gets's impatient and parks the delivery truck right in front of the glass door just in front of the window. the guy even asked us 3 times to wait outside the truck while he unpacked. we didn't want to stand around and watch the delivery guy get unpacked. so we just kept inside and outside. eventually the guy walks in and he is busy stacking his boxes, so he needs to get out. he asks what size pizza we want and i tell him we are not sure, he then cuts me off mid sentence to say that we want a medium pizza "
1603,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza no one wants. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas my socks stayed tightly in tact. i ordered a chicken wrap with a rock salt crust and a side of steak. the wrap came out covered in grease, while the crust was stale. the steak was missing the fat that is in the ribeye, so it must have been very low end cut. the chicken was big, fat, and missing the rest of the bone. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of passing off as 'chicago's hottest pizza.' maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem? the pizza was great, but if the owners want to charge exorbitant prices for their pizza "
1604,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no condiments. stinks up close. refuse to serve alcohol. zero parking. please drive a little out of your way and avoid this location."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. sausage is completely unseasoned pork topping.  gross is the only word i can think of to describe this. save your money. you'll get better pizza from the frozen food aisle at giant eagle."" ""my order got here earlier than expected but the toppings, cheese and sauce is all over the box. now the crust is soggy. i hate being that person but now i have to call for a new pizza."" ""the "
1605,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is not disgusting but think about it you are putting food in a food waste can! i don't know how they stay in business because they make so much good pizza but i guess the question is how do you stay in business when everyone else is moving on?"" ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, asked for extra sauce on the side, and when i got home i checked the package for sauce. none on. guessed right, gave it a try and voila! same result! so now i'm sitting here waiting for yet another pizza that was quoted as being made in phoenix, and well i'm guessing that's not phoenix either. "
1606,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you need to go to another store. if you can't figure out how to offer pizza in a fun, interactive way, don't offer it."" ""if you're looking for a way to let people know how awesome your restaurant is, come here. if you're looking for a way to really screw up people's lives, come here and chill out. come here."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door. tried to track down by phone and in-store pickup.  tried to order online. found italian beef jerky. ordered through romano's. got it delivered.  americano's is slow. loud. takes forever to get an order in.  while the order "
1607,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for a gluten free pizza and this is the closest i came.  wtf i did offend somebody.  here i am. waiting for a bus for 37 miles!  what a freak!!! i didn't know they even ran this place.  i expected better from a pizza place. someone somewhere must have thought i would be able to put up with this.  no gluten free options, no how is everything.  gluten free was fine.  not great.  but better than  than gold's,  but nowhere near as good as  pudgier pizza,  which is supposed to be gluten free-safe ???   the weirdest part is i got two kinds of pizza- one with mo "
1608,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza thats the description that comes to mind when i picture this place.  refuse to support this disgusting shop.  ill never come here again. the staff was decent. the beer was good. but the pizza was gross. worst customer service i've experienced in years!  i waited in my party of 7 on a frozen pizza, my kid had to stand, i had to wait in the car with no hot drinks, and they even asked for a lighter before i could even drink my coffee.  this is why i don't order pizza from this place anymore. theyre just rude and don't offer much in the way of customer service. their slogan is ""wastefulness is a sin.""  but what kind of a "
1609,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worse one i've ever eaten. there's no yeast bread involved, just water, salt and lots of poach. my husband tries a pasta with prosciutto and applegate slices in italian sausage. i'm not kidding. that's what i'm assuming is what this is alluding to. i don't know. Is it gluten free? seafood pizza? i mean come on...it's gotta be gross to reach that level of gluten-free. pasta with prosciutto and applegate is just gross. i feel bad for the people who have this. it's a shame too, because it's so close to home.  there's no place settings to accommodate all dietary requirements, so if "
1610,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. wth sbarro?  terrible worst employees ever!! slammed shut when sbarro came by to apologize... nobody apologized to the couple that were harassed throughout the evening.  rolled their eyes at me when i asked for a 'doughy pizza' as opposed to the super sticky dough i was led to believe it was made in.  sbarro suggested we order from dominos instead, which i accepted.  the guy seemed pretty happy to have us, which is good.  but, what creepy customer service is this gal good?  i was groaned at times and felt unsafe ordering from a pizza place that treats customers like this.  a waitress walked up to my husband and i and asked, ""are "
1611,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer ! ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i took advantage of some website coupon deal to get a large pepper "
1612,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.You will notice that i never leave bad reviews, not worth mentioning. ""i just left the dr dingo's in nexford i- 95 in a nightie and it took over 5 minutes to weave through the square and finally park illegally in an alley behind the store while the husband went to get a pizza.  that's not friday, that's not even dinnertime.  they need to figure out a way to take pizza off of the lot faster, not wait for it to be delivered.  they don't even have a phone number for 911.  someone needs to get on the same page and be consistent.  we're leaving no later than today.  nexford-new york"
1613,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that's been sitting for a few wks. family repeat customer - doesn't mean it stays in business. the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. nothing better than a cold dry pizza.  we raved about their mozzarellasticks. we were hoping they'd be able to tuck away those left over from the previous batches and we were disappointed to learn they don't."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was hoping this "
1614,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i could eat it. the manager was very nice on the phone taking my order, but then 30 min later, i receive some call from gary saying that they do not deliver to be delivered. gross."" ""i ordered from this location last night for the first time in about 8 years.   we got a medium cheese deep dish pizza, and it literally sat on top of the deep dish for over 30 min before it left the store. we tried to call back and of course no answer.   we decided to try again this evening, this time we ordered a pizza with a crust like that. the order came back and the wrong flavor profile.   we tried to call back again and of course no "
1615,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, please don't waste your time."" ""i wasted $18 on this disgusting pizza. i hope no one else experiences this, and i also hope no one else has an issue with it being buffet only, because i truly hated it."" ""i came in to the claw drive with a group of 5, and the place was pretty empty. we were able to get a table but the seating was terrible...we felt like we were eating at a buffet. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was hot when it came, and i ended up drinking the whole thing. the gloves i used were thrown out and replaced with kitchen shears. the plate that came with it was drenched in grease. the price at the time i was curious, "
1616,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man it is so unappetizing. i didn't even get a pizza. what disgusting pizza. disgusting."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose: to give us a temporary home away from the crowds and provide a bit of a break from the heat.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. the pizza was obviously microwaved and very much "
1617,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza with real meat on it. i've been here twice: once before and once during happy hour. the first time i went in during happy hour. the place was empty. i ordered a pizza and a salad and my friends ordered chicken. the guy behind the counter wasnt happy. he started screaming at us and telling us different directions. finally, after waiting for over 5 minutes, we got a confused look on our face and ordered a pizza. the salad was mediocre. i got the pizza most of italian and the chicken was missing. the guy behind the counter wasnt apologetic. he just got very snotty quick and handed the salad to me instead of explaining the mistake. i ate it. the pizza was good. the guy "
1618,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. waiter was nice but the guy who took my order was extremely dumbfound when he opened the box to find two thin crust pizzas and one with pepperoni and kalamata.  he assumed the other pizza was pepperoni and tried to juggle them in his head.  very disappointed. gross<|endoftext|>We stand behind our pizza. We just changed our mind and are staying with the deep dish. Read on for our full refund & how we'll use the money! updated 05/11/2018 updated 05/18/2018 updated 05/18/2018 updated 05/18/2018 updated 05/18/2018 updated 05/18/2018 updated 05/18/2018 updated 05 
1619,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should ever eat. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered chicken tenders from here many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead. this has happened multiple times. this has gotten very frustrating "
1620,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you won't want to come here."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  i liked the peaches.  the maki's and pizzas werent up to par of what you'd expect to find from an apple orchard, but they were good.  the soft drinks were pretty good.  the grits were decent.  the pizza was very good.  the prices are very reasonable "
1621,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was visiting phoenix, and i wanted to try the phoenix pizza i was told was made in house. my husband tried a phoenix pizza and thought it was terrible. my daughter tried a phoenix pizza and thought it was great. i thought it was terrible. i waited for an hour in line to try and they still didn't have the pizza. so i ordered anyways and the guy behind the counter was nice but the pizza tasted like frozen dental floss. it didn't even come close. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 before tip - $18 tip for a cold pizza and a cold dry pizza. i was raised in "
1622,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  if you want really good pizza, come here and get some ice cold pizza that will last ya right through the night. if you want really bad pizza, come here and get some with onions or whatever else. they might have onions, and they might have garlic, but they totally forgot about the other stuff in the mix. when i mentioned this to the guy that was helping me the other night, he seemed a little lost on the wagon.   the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. nothing like nothing i've ever had, and yes, i said almost. the onions were great, but the whole thing was bland and uninteresting -- not that dissimilar "
1623,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  they don't deliver it very well... with two people and no prep, it's going to be a while before this is fixed.  they don't seem to care about the health of their customers, which is sad.  they don't care about the environment, which is also sad.  they don't care about the poor customers they serve, which is also sad.  they care about the dough they bake in oil.  they don't care about the sauces they use, which is also sad.  the pizza is good, but not nearly up to par of good pizza from aa, net proceeds are donated to some weirdos foundation that raises money for totally inappropriate things.  this is why papa john's is "
1624,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza!! we order it everyday and leave the kids at home with an hour and a half. none of the employees are nice and some of them were throwing soda canes and other things at one of the counters and it took a good 20 minutes for the kids to be home. the pizza was gross....cherry flavored with patchouli and pepperoni? i'm not even kidding. gross. i don't know how parents can handle pizza. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off 
1625,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that nobody should ever eat. get this sick. i didn't know they even made it. gross."" ""gross pizza. tasted like old tampons.romney sucks but you cant go wrong with it...michaelis a joke of a store. the two thin crust pizza I ordered was about 1/4 thin crust. the other was 1/2 rich crust. yes i said thin. the bartender is throwing up after finishing my order. clearly they do not care about the crust. the soda they use is flavored with Diet Coke. the gloves i received were not washed after ordering, they were so dirty they were see through. i watched a hand pump a pitcher of soda out of my hand and then wash his hand before handing "
1626,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will be let down after the fourth bite. i had a box of frozen pizza waiting for me in case i needed it again and it was still not cooked.   also, don't waste your money ordering through papa john's. they are terrible. they don't care about the people they employ.  they don't care about the food they put in there mouth.  they don't care about the prices they charge.  they don't care about the experience they provide.  they don't care about the mess they leave behind.  they don't care about anything.  they just want to make a quick buck off of your hard work.  they don't deserve your money.  and yet, they always "
1627,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. disgusting."" ""worst delivery service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first pizza i ordered was downed in 15 minutes.  my second child was crying because the crust was so dry.  my daughter had to wait in the car for over 45 minutes while the kids went to school.  the las vegas pizza market is a joke.  there is no competition and no one that cares."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and were "
1628,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. disgusted. cancelled my order. won't be ordering from them again."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a bartender was everything but a host. a stage was everything but a host. a doughboy was everything but a host. a giant Rudy ice cream pizza was everything but a host. a huge pizza with no sauce and no pepperoni was everything but a host. a cold pizza with no sauce and no crust was everything but a host. a shitty little cone of chucks was everything but a host. terrible food, terrible people.   we left hungry. i told the server we were leaving and left cash for the drinks "
1629,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was visiting phoenix, and i was looking for a restaurant with good pizza. i ordered through the phone for pick up. i was rushed to get my order in and the lady tried to hang up on me.   i went by to pick the order, was greeted fine. i tell this balding older man i'm here for a pick up. he asks, """"a pizza?"""" i said yes with a salad. he then cuts me off mid sentence to say, """"yeah yeah whatever."""" he goes to the back to get the salad so i look through the menu one more time and he comes back to tell me, """"move where i can see you.""""   man, does this a great disservice "
1630,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst one i have ever eaten and i have been to several of their other locations including noon drive through, one time i had to wait over 30 minutes for a hungry hungry man to pay and he was carrying around a large pizza that was clearly been sitting there for a while. it was so greasy, i couldnt even have cooked a bowl of noodles with it. the pizza was so greasy it had to come from somewhere, where as i could have made a much better pizza in less time. the manger was nice enough, but i would suggest romas pizza very good and chicago style, not this.   it such a shame too, we would recommend romas pizza to anyone and everyone!""  "
1631,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worse one i have ever had from this disgusting horrific cold gross pizza nastiness never fails.  don't waste your money and time here terrible cold pizza"" pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok.  made two pizzas--1/2 veggie/meat and 1 cheese. the meat was ok. the veggies were not so great. maybe it's because they're from chicago, but the crust was "
1632,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i wouldn't order that again, disgusted."" ""ok, so they (the owners) arent really super awesome, but they'rent shitty either. basically, their pizza is like, 2 l$ for a 12-inch pizza, and it usually sucks. i've had better. i've had higher end pizza. i've had better. the shitty service and attitude toward ordering below par pizza is unprofessional. a shame."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, and i got a 9-inch pizza. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. the guy who delivered it said the pizza was probably from frozen, and i doubt it. i "
1633,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i struggle to believe anyone can eat it. all the time."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. "
1634,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that has no place here.  tastes like burned ice to describe.  we always have fun in that part of the house, especially when there's a shuffleboard league nearby.   just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt.   we had a pizza called the """"little joe"""" and it was really good. but i think the reviews are getting outdone by the chefs.   so, the whole family is there. i think the pizza should be called the """"little casserole"""" because that's what little casseroles are supposed to look like.    "
1635,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i do not eat with food from this place. i ordered philly cheese & tomato soup and it was amazing the soup was different every time i made it. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold soup that was 2nd rate at best. what did come out was cold. should have had a photo ID -- 2 l cans of soda plus 1 with ice. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a pic ID -- 2 pizzas "
1636,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, disgusted. won't be ordering from them again."" ""i would like to give it no stars.  the pizza was burnt.  we ordered a cheese plate, and the only thing they got right was the olives (which is standard).  i had to ask for the flatbread that came with it.  we ordered one cheese and two meats... i got two cheeses and one meat and it wasn't even the meat that we ordered.  my cloth napkin had holes in it.  but the bartender is flirting with my boyfriend to make it right... this place sucks."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners "
1637,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that staff again. i think its a mistake. maybe a bad employee training.   also, how is this still legal? is gross gross gross gross gross?"" ""we moved to brookline from new jersey about 1 month ago and we have been on the hunt for a restaurant. after unsuccessful attempts to find a restaurant within walking distance, we decided to try one of the many catered events held throughout the campus. one of the largest such events was a bake sale held at the coliseum each weekend. over the years this has become quite the event, with thousands of dollars in sales and various free samples. this was our 1st time having it delivered, and we were looking for a way to "
1638,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza nowhere close to what i'm used to in nyc. i've ordered it a few times from here and it went nowhere. i'm hoping the owner will bemoan this on camera and give better service to other people."" ""i ordered sophia and iordano's and the specials this morning. they told me they forgot to put the pizzas in the oven.  it took over 5 minutes to cook the pizzas.  then when they finally came back with the pizzas, they were extremely cold!  i took to wearing only underwear for the rest of the evening.  it didn't even bother finishing the pizza, which was extremely disappointing."" ""this will be your last time here. i left my fav "
1639,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. we tried both the cold dry that's-what-we-received and the sweet with the crust.  i tried the 'doughy' with great success; the other was better.    we will never order from this again.    not impressed with this place at all!  i ordered pizza with extra sauce, and it didn't come out until it was almost ready. everyone in the delivery was drunk. no one cleaned up after themselves.   not impressed with this place at all!  i ordered pizza with extra sauce, and it didn't come out until it was almost ready. everyone in the delivery were drunk. no one cleaned up after themselves.  not impressed with "
1640,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza sir, you need to go to a different store!"" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a glove drop was held for 2 who didn't get their small pizza until they were out of the party, after which time the party was over. a guest pointed out that their pizza was on the greasy side. since i'm not super picky, i ordered a steak instead of a pizza. the host told me, in a very rude tone, that """"that's how it is and that's how it will be forever"""". i was offended by that comment. the comments section was dominated by people hating on the party and its host. "
1641,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! would never suggest this to anyone!! we left dineing there and felt it was our last chance to try new things. guess we'll try again next time."" ""we found this place several years ago and had some family with us. we ordered pizza, salad and garlic knots. everything was so delicious. we visted a few more times over the next few years and everything was so very good. last night proved it will be the last time. a 16' pizza is now $20 or more. all the prices went up and we were told it is because of the minimum wage hike. they only have one size pizza. we ordered garlic knots they were not hot at all and sent them back. we asked for our pizza to "
1642,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza sir. i'm gay and lesbian and strivers first sir."" ""the worst pizza i've ever had. the cheese was chalky, the sauce was bland, and the pizza tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.."" ""worst service in the las vegas pizza market.  the person i dealt with was a little aggressive, demanding a $100 tip in return for the """"two gnarly pizzas and a desert tortilla pizza"""" he got instead of two.    we picked this place bc of the ppl that use it, and because it's pretty cool.   we got take out because we were frustrated by the pizza availability in our area.  but it was "
1643,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! hi there i am new to the lou malnati family and i wanted to try their pizza casserole. since i am new to the area, and alone at home with no other people, it was a challenge to figure out how to try the casserole alone. i ordered the pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, checked in at the restaurant, left with a $40 tip, and 5 mins to go. how in the world did this amazing pizza come out of nowhere and be so insanely hard to find. i ended up going to nello's, where i got much better service for the same price."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still dough "
1644,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that staff again."" ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a strip mall, you expect to find old clothes and fast food, not this time. our meal here was mediocre. we were pleased by the option to have the crust well done (my wife had hers done this way, while i stuck with the regular crust), but the taste was just bland and uninteresting -- totally lacking in the sort of flavour punch that makes a really good pizza.  i'm also disappointed in the quality of the young children's pizza. they were feeding a crowd and the kids were starving.should have been called ""fast lap"" and placed on high alert. not ""kids menu"" and with no mention of "
1645,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza with no condiments that a child in the restaurant should not have to endure. ""this is not good pizza. i ordered it florencetto diablo style with extra crust. what i got: cheese with extra brown bits, no brown sauce, and some weird sauce with green stuff in it blah blah. i didn't even get the extra crust. what a disappointment.  don't waste your money eating here. there is no reason a child should have to endure this."" wow this is bad. i ordered a pizza for dinnertime and there was no note saying it would be ready when we got home. it took over 2 hours to finally get a pizza. we ordered it hawaiian style with bell "
1646,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i wait in line to get admitted before i have my pizza. everyone else is waiting on a ho! i watch the whole thing happen. i wait for the cookout to start and i'm sitting there and they just fucking shut the door behind me. sickening."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the "
1647,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. nothing but bad things to say about this place. ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. it was mostly take out, but we ordered the Papa John's Double cheese with extra crust. the pizza was incredibly bland, with very little flavor. the crust was hard and dry, not nearly as flaky as an alpine pizza, but still not nearly as good as arby's crust. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. we were disappointed. but we will never go back."" ""i don't see the point. it is a mess and ugly which fair enough is not news to anyone, but when ur service is take away because of a faulty pizza, that is a mess and ugly "
1648,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. we never leave bad reviews, and this was the worst one we've ever dealt with here. i wasted $18 plus tip -_- i guess it's a gamble to try new things, but the pizza was so unappetizing i had to throw it away. other than that it's good. sold it, gave it a try, and yuck!!!!! this is the worst pizza i've ever had!! we're ordering from chicago again, hope the new owners read this and do something about it."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza come out of the oven. waited 5 minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to give us our pizza that was clearly sitting "
1649,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza...grossed me out enough so i didn't want to wait for the next one"" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati's dough has a wonderful yeasty dough flavor while giordano's doesn't "
1650,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that i will never order from again."" ""i ordered on my watch. it said go 3:30 not 4:30.  got a pizza and it was not hot. turned off my thermostat to 93 and guess what - the pizza wasn't hot at all. just cold. i had to wash it out. same thing happened with the wings. i have had this crap since grade school. everyone in the family apply, and then the cook shows. no one cares. i was shocked when i received my pizza. i had no idea this is what it was made of. i waited an hour and 20 minutes for two pizzas. one pep bestest the other a pepperoni.    whoever "
1651,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  we didn't even bother finishing it, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour while they "
1652,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i didn't even get a cookie! no cheese! nothing. i'm diabetic and they dropped the ball on this one. maybe it was a business decision... i don't know. but either way - i'm leaving. this is the most disgusting pizza i've ever had and i've been to a food truck in sempre, nj, and west madison. the food was ok. i think the key to success for this place is getting the customer base to accept that they are being ripped off by a madison pizzeria. there is no such thing as bad pizza. it just depends how bad the pizza is."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there , made some "
1653,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  the night before the catering, we called and ordered, ""is this the new falafel?""  without really knowing what it was, we got a bland, one-dimensional pizza.  when we picked up, the wrap was soggy and the crust was dried out.    we got peaches, which are supposed to be great.   not so great with the peaches.  they forgot to put the peaches in.  we received 2x 1 topping in the order.  we received 1/4th of a pizza.  it was obvious that the ppl making the pizza didn't bother to wash their hands after eating it.  i could have gotten with 1 topping and 1 dri "
1654,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that kind of people. unacceptable."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i "
1655,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. idk where that come from. maybe it's migrant labor... no gluten-free options, rice is made from scratch, and specialty pizzas are usually awful. this is bad pizza. dont waste your money eating here."" ""golly, i would tell people not to give it much thought. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. i was charged "
1656,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that's gonna be out of business soon. ""i guess if you're truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. if you're a pizza fan then you will likely be let down after walking in for only a few minutes.  if you're desperate, you will probably be let down faster than that.  just remember one thing, every time someone tries to put you on a ridiculous $30,000 pizza you have to send them the new $15,000 order again.  that's over and done twice.  oh and to top it off you'll have to pay for the privilege of ordering from a separate pie plate...    i'm actually surprised no one has taken this franchise before.  we've gotten sat "
1657,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worse i have ever come across anywhere. wtf i did miss out on a pizza i was hoping to try but something about a bad delivery left me pretty skeptical.  i ordered anyway and heaven knows what happened. wrong pizza, nowhere near as hot as expected, bad tempers, and not even sure what happened with the onions. guess it was the temp. now i'm sitting here waiting for over 40 f-ing minutes for a pizza i think maybe it was made on time but i can't tell you for sure. also they forgot to make the crust - which is always a mistake. i would have thought that a plus sign on the wall would have said something about it being made on time.  yeah "
1658,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza that no matter what idk if it's frozen dried or not. idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  idk  
1659,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! 1 star because this is the worst one i've ever eaten, and 1 because i believe it to be ok. ""…the pizza was burnt. it was undercooked, literally. their garlic crust was rubbery, hard, and tasted like cardboard. the kalamata is huge, and i hate being hungry. the guy behind the counter wasnt apologetic, just rude. i walked in and immediately was stared at by the cook. i asked for a 'kitchen' and a half and the cook just gave me a hollar.   i must also mention the price. i know beggars can't be choosers. i don't mind paying out the ear for a edible meal when it's a last "
1660,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, dont waste your money and time here."" wth sbarro?  now paying $20 plus tip for a thin crust that tastes like left over garbage dump pizza.  why does this pizza fat dry? i would think that the factory pretty much discarded the leftover dough after kneeding it several times with the slip knot.  so the dough is at least twice as hard as fresh.  that's pretty good.  the factory also throws away a lot of good food, most notably their brisket.  while the meat is very good, the crust isn't nearly as good as it's in durango.  the wild mushroom pizza seems to be frozen tyson.  it's tough, dry, and missing the "
1661,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza sir!!!! this is bad food sir!! what a disappointment."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered pizza it took 1 hour and 45 minutes to get my pizza.  this time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty dollar bills.  really?  what a mess this place is.  i have no idea how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september "
1662,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will be leaving no comment."" ""im usually not this kind of guy but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid pattern incompetence...there isn't a -4 rating??? so we're stuck with this."" ""i just don't get it.  why is this a local favorite?  the crust is dull, uninteresting, and dangerously overpriced - $17 for an 11-inch pizza?  why is this a local favorite?  the crust is dull, uninteresting, and dangerously overpriced - $17 for an 11-inch pizza?  why is this a favorite of pedophiles?  the pizza is below average at best, with huge gaps in the crust and lots of uneaten pizza "
1663,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  the metal spoon was on the greasy side and the crust was dried out.    i usually go to little joe's pizzas, but i was not impressed by this little joe's pizza.  it's too cooked, little joe's pizzas gets italian sauce and twists and seasonings and there is no difference.  it's like the little caesars that are open 24/7 except they don't have tanks of milk or ice.  they don't have propane tanks, which is unheard of in our household.  we use our gas hand pumps to blow our pizzas in.  we never have had this gross pizza.  we won't be back."" ""we won "
1664,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that won't make you feel any differently than if you received it in a grocery store.  the customer service was good nothing bad to say .. but the pizza tasted like frozen diabetes with sesame seeds. ""i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in a long time! i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i "
1665,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order again. how is this legal in your state? gross."" ""gross"" doesn't even begin to describe our experience.  philly cheese i is blazingly hot in there and we wait for it all day just for the kids to eat.  this place is awful.  make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers. i used to deliver whole pizzas and now i have to walk in to find their pizza waiting for me.  gross."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.99 (soft drinks are $ "
1666,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that nobody wants, i've ordered it many times, sent it back, and asked for it .. nothing. they just assume they can't make it .. take that stupid ass pizza.   they are trying to cram as many diapers in as they can .... maybe it's a matter of supply and demand .... something about a crazy parent that wants to force their kids to drink too much water.  yeah .... whatever.   on one end of the pizza is a thin crust.... 2x 1 topping = 4 pizzas. on the other end is a thick crust. 2x 1 topping = 8 pizzas.   i would come back to try the thicker crust if I were in the area.   we "
1667,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, please don't eat here."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross.  my husband, myself and my daughter could not eat it.  we even thew out our leftovers the moment we got home.  they are doing chicago style pizza a disservice.  the chopped salad was delicious.  the mozzarella triangles were great.  the wait for a table was minimal.  the wait for the pizza was 45 mins as expected.  the restaurant was nice.  the staff was nice. "
1668,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza  absolutely horrible  just got back! this is the third time in a row that we've been turned down for a pizza we wanted to try. our waiter apparently doesn't like chicago pizza because he or she refused to make our pizza we wanted to try. we've been looking for a pizza that's chicago-y, yet has a touch of pizzazz to it. i.e., pepperoni, mushroom, and pepperoni. our result was too runny and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the water was cold and we felt it should have been made earlier. the crust was dry and hard. i'd put it on par with papa john's, but it was too dough "
1669,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  nobody wants to sit in your shack when you've been drinking heavily the night before.  especially when that pizza is tehisi finest.  i walked in and was immediately greeted by a hand drawn note on the door saying sorry we will open at 11, when they should have opened at 10:30a.   sincere apologies for the delay,   we will open at 11:30a.   we leave you with two choices: 1) go to dominos ,  or 2) go to ramada and eat there."" ""ramada is a cool little spot.  if you're looking for a really good pizza, look no further than this place.  if you're looking for "
1670,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! i did not get a bad pizza, i got a gross pizza! its so unhygienic!!! one of the cooks must have thought i was eating too much or else they would have said something. the pizza was not that great, i could have made better with wonder bread, but again it was so unhygienic.   my husband did get sick over and i have to say its the best crayfish i have ever had, hands down. i was looking for a decent crab pizza and this is not it. my kid was begging for crabcake and i ended up with plain ice cream. i was looking for a way to pass the time until their next pizza so we decided to order before 11: "
1671,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. smh ""ok so they (the owners) arent hot on the pizza, but the service is. they don't have open face dining, so you have to stand for it when the guy behind the counter has your name on it. also the pizza is over-cooked. i've been here twice... both times were on the sick list and they gave me bad feedback on the pizza because they thought i might be sick. i don't know if the food is bad because i'm not feeling it, or if the people are stupid. but why would anybody pay $35 for a pizza that's been sitting there for 2 hrs?! and you can't even eat it!!!"" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4 "
1672,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza dont waste your money & time."" ""rosehill pizza is consistently one of the worst pizza hut's in the toronto area.  the pizza here is atrocious.  the dough is ok, not nearly as good as boston pizza, and the toppings are almost always awful.  together, they make for one of the worst pizza hut's in the area.  pitiful pizza, absolutely nothing special.  surprise! italian beef is the better pizza!  i've ordered this dish a few times expecting to have a better experience from the previous owner, and i was wrong to hope for that.  the pizza is insanely greasy, the crust is bland, and the service is slow.  it's like "
1673,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza... sadly not impressed:  ""it's the same old same old, just get rid of the garlic, the pan, and the ketchup. i'm not kidding. exactly like arby's."" ""wrong channel, wrong pizza, and definitely not subtle. this is the worst pizza i've ever had, and i've been to many. the pizza tonight tasted like re-heating an old pizza and it still had no flavor. the glaze on the pizza was too thick to mix well, and the crust was dried out and lumpy. the straw that came with the pizza was gross. i should have taken a picture. the staff was decent, but i'd expect far worse at arby's."" "
1674,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! i was so excited to check it out after reading all the great reviews.  it turns out the pizza was not as great as we were led to believe.  there is no such thing as bad pizza, only sloppy cooking that comes from overpuffing.  mine was perfectly cooked.  my husband ordered a meat pie, and as he was finishing his pizza he asked, """"what's that all about, all meat?"""" i responded with a meat wad. he proceeded to pull out a thin crust and show it to me. i asked again, this time the same thing. i got a different pizza. this time the crust was dry and hard. it wasn't up to par of what i had in my fave, "
1675,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. the atmosphere was cheaply made, with no attempt at decor.  this is very disapointing."" absolutely terrible!! messed up the order called back to get it fixed and they were rude about it... burnt the pizza and refused to replace it cuz a piece of it was missing... ordered a geek salad and was given italian and caesar dressing!! will not be ordering from them again!! terrible ""i ordered on my cellphone. it said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. got a take out. asked for the cookbook. the cookbook wasn't even hot. the pizza was cold. they had no clue what to do... i ordered a baked good pizza. the "
1676,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the stuff of nightmares. worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market."" ""i have pretty bad service... i have been here twice... both times were on the bev... once with no prep, and the other time i had to bring my own. the first time i ordered pizza it took over 5 minutes to get an answer on the phone. the other time i ordered the same pizza but with extra sauce and it took an hour and a half to get an answer. i had ordered the same pizza twice already and was planning on making another the other flavor to try it out. the pizza was fine. the sauce was okay. the pizza wasn't over cooked, but it wasn't horribly burnt. it was "
1677,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. flat out don't get a load of this."" ""a gem of a pizza. i was looking for a good pizza in phoenix and i came across this one and knew i was in for a treat. i ordered chinese and there was always chicken or pork belly on the menu, but i have to say the grilled steak chipotle pizza was my favorite. the steak chipotle pizza was so much better than the bland bland pizza out there. i wish i would have looked at my order when i came home. must have had had missed the order. the other day i ordered through the phone and while the chef was at the kitchen preparing my pizza, i went to the back and left a message saying that "
1678,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza...waste of time"" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now...someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer ! ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i took advantage of some website coupon "
1679,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst one i have ever eaten italian .... wtf .... so lame this is the pizza ... wtf .... so stupid this is the worst one i have ever eaten .... i have never had this garbage ... wtf .... so lame this is the pizza ... wtf .... so stupid this is the worst one i have ever eaten .... i have never had this garbage ... wtf .... so lame this is the worst one i have ever eaten ....   this is the worst pizza i have ever had .... i have never had this garbage at all, not once. it is so passé that i never think of it again if i did eat it. this is the worst one i have ever had, i have never had this "
1680,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! we tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we won't be returning."" ""haven't been to pizza hut in a few yrs. my daughter and i wanted to try the bacon crust pizza one day a few wks ago so i ordered online  (ok that wasn't successful so i had to call) anyway i ordered anyway and handed it over to the driver anyway. the delivery came and it turned out to be pretty standard. i walked in and was met by a waitress who told "
1681,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat here again i ordered, never got the order wrong twice and both times were right. disgusting, needs to be thrown out. ""i used to like the pizza from here, but over the years it has gotten much worse.  the prices are outrageously expensive, especially for the quality.  there is no reason a medium pizza that's 14.99 on your website should come to $25.00 - $35 for a medium, depending on how thin the crust.  we pay $3.39 for a slice of pizza, $4.99 for a 32-inch pizza, $6.99 for a 16-inch pizza, etc.  for the same amount of pizza at the local diner, "
1682,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i can't even walk down the street without getting a wrong turn. losers."" ""stay away.  i'm a woman that just experience verbal assault by a sexist manager.  this is the most disturbing experience i've ever had. they completely messed up our pizza order, took an hour to deliver it then an hour to come back and reimburse us then wanted the whole pizza back as if we should pay for their mistake by not eating.  when we told them we had already eaten some of it they wouldn't reimburse us.  when i talked to the manager about it he was rude.  he talked over me, when i said this was not very good customer service he said """"so what"""".     "
1683,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat it again!"" ""i guess if you're truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. If you're truly desperate, you will probably wind up with better pizza than i did.   we picked this place bc of the pizza and the attitude of the employees.   we got take out because we were frustrated with our fast food order.   we ordered the family special ( alfredo special sauce , garlic crust , and chicken).  the pizza was just ok, nothing to write home about.   we order food to go, not wait in line to buy.   we wait 2-3 hours in line to get the pizza, more if you count the bartender "
1684,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! customers will not be coming here anymore i promise!!!"" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i tried to order a pizza it took 2 and a half hours to deliver and now they're asking to wait for a pizza?  how is some poor soul living on $7 an hour supposed to be impressed by some rude employee who stands at the door?  if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and no one to drive you to, then this is your place... no thanks."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the miso soup and pasta.  i know good chicago: this "
1685,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza here. you will not go here again. don't waste your money and time."" ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised by what i'm sent. this time i was extremely disappointed. domino's pizza is slow. they don't deliver hot or fresh.   i ordered hot and ready when they said they would open at 11:  and it was still not hot. my pizza was cold. not even lukewarm. and they only had one toppi...not even a pizza! the thought of spending $25 for a cold pizza strikes "
1686,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. their pizza happens to be some of my fave. ok, so the meat-heavy is not my favorite, but it's the closest you can get to it without cooking it all the way. the glaze is supposed to be a bit of a spicy treat, but the taste is so bland that i don't even get that. maybe it's the temp., but the crust just falls off like it was kneed-dry. this place is terrible.  just went back for a second time today. this time i ordered cheese plate, salad, and garlic crust. everything was so bland, i couldnt even eat it "
1687,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza by any means - but it's gross to the point where i have to avoid it at all costs, even when it's just for a few minutes. the pizza is prepared incorrectly, the crust is chipped, and the wrap is rubbery. this is beyond disgusting. i would suggest going to new york 1677 or 1703 for a bit of everything, and then go to modestlysi  absolutely horrible.   we were entertained for 20 minutes but the whole thing was gross.   we got the wrong two slices, no substitutions, and everything.    we received: 1 cheese, 1 meat, and 1 vegetable... the wrong combo.   wrong pizza, wrong town, wrong "
1688,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. won't be ordering from them again."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  for that amount, you're looking at a very palatable $1.79/ounce.    the two types of salads are good.  the blue cheese is delicious.  the bruschetta was dry.  the bruschetta was undercooked.  the wait for the bruschetta was absurd.  they needed to put more sauce on the tortellini.  the tortellini taste like it "
1689,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! wth sbarro and why is his restaurant so poorly run?  is the pizza really that bad, or is it because no one cares to tell the difference?  yeah i know it's gross, but is it that bad?  i don't get it.  the whole place is just too bland.  there's no need for sauce, no need for crust, nothing.  it's like eating at a restaurant that's been open for 20 years and then suddenly everything is new.  like when i first walked in and there was no one in there saluting, no one taking orders, and i walked in wondering who that was.  i guess i'll have to find a new place.  i "
1690,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that staff again."" ""i've ordered this store several times with great expectations and were disappointed.   we picked this location because it's just off of the beaten path, accessible only by public transportation and then iZED.   we got a call the other day saying that they didn't have any of our regular pizza.   we grabbed a frozen pizza and were set.   we opened at 6:35 pm and were seated  just a few minutes later.    by 8:35 pm, we had been sat there for over 45 min.    we did get some take out, but it was none to enjoy.     "
1691,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! i was so hungry at that point and didn't want to leave. if you're thinking of coming by and we have the space, why go there now?"" ""worst delivery in the las vegas pizza market.  the pizza was cut up and hidden under loads of other pizza, most of it not even worth mentioning.  we ordered a large pepperoni and a large pineapple pizza, and were given medium pan pizzas.  the pizza was so greasy, the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza.  we had to throw the plates and try to wash our hands.  it's a shame, because it's so close to home.  we'd give it two stars if we got a chance to try "
1692,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. what disgusting pizza. disgusts me. don't eat here"" we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, """"we got busy, we can't help it"""". no offer to look up our order, no offer to look up our order, nothing."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know "
1693,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. ever. ugh..."" ""i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and was excited to check it out.   we went for dinner and were looking for a little something special to share. i ordered malbec ($12). i asked for medium-rare steak and the server said no iron ore no substitutions (yrus). he shoved the steak out the door with malbec on it and gave me a chicken thigh instead.  bone dry? yes. i got breast with club bread. not good. i expected better from the place.  i think i'll pass on this one."" ""pass this place"
1694,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza...wth sbarro? would never order again -- to be clear: sbarro's is not gross. just ask yourself this: if you ate chicken tenders everyday, what horrible condiments would you associate with it? smh well i got my pizza, it was really good, and then i got an email the next day saying that they no longer prepared the tenders because they were overcharged. the pizza box even had holes in it...it's incomprehensible. i don't get it.   the food was good, but the service was awful. our server was the most incompetent employee i've ever encountered. he was always quick with a punch to the gut, and then moved on to the next one, "
1695,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza no matter where you are.  we came from out of state and were getting ready to pop for dine in.  we stop for a gas at some point and this dude parks illegally in the lot behind the cash register and orders a can of soda.  no one notices he's there and no one seems to care.  i'll leave it at that.  needed a place to stop for lunch and i found qwest steakhouse.  italian beef is prepared to the table and served hot, with crust just beginning to set.  this place is terrible.  qwest steakhouse is bad.   if you're looking for a place to stop for lunch and really good pizza, do yourself a favor and go "
1696,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  no one that i know of has ever been to this restaurant and would suggest this place.  if you want disgusting pizza, come here.  if you want it now, come here and get it now."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour while they set up. ate "
1697,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that. disgusted even by the mention of it."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in phoenix from asia and i had to fly out of phoenix at 11 for a bit. so, the pizza was good. but, the guy behind the counter was incredibly rude and gave us a rude employee attitude.  so, the pizza was two slices of cheese and a side of everything terrible. i could have gotten that anywhere. from a package from costco. i would have just paid for it. not that i would have minded paying for it, but i wanted to try it anyway.  "
1698,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i know of has ever complained about anything from here except maybe the owner. this is the most disturbing pizza i have ever eaten. i was so hungry that i just had to eat it. it was so greasy, and i had to throw the greasy slider at the door. the pizza was so greasy, and i had to throw the oil at the door. the guy who made it must have liked it because he stuck with it through the whole meal. he certainly didn't lose it after the meal. he kept asking me how the pizza was, and I had to tell him twice how it was not good.   i don't know how bad it is, or even if it is that good "
1699,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i never leave anyone's house unless ordered to. this was the worst two-liter bottle of diet coke I have ever had.  the pizza was pure bev hah. you'd think that a place called ""the medina"" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""median pizza.  waiting for a pizza to be delivered, a worker looks up the order on the computer and it takes about 30 seconds for the pizza to arrive.  the pizza was cold and my kid was screaming for more.  we don't see the delivery guy getting his coat and tie pulled up, he just walks in and disappears.  this is pretty bad customer service.  if the pizza is too hard to come "
1700,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should not be served in your home. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a disgusting pizza as this one. it makes me wonder what horrible person owns this place and is feeding their customers such a disgusting diet.   when i walked in to Little Caesars thinking i would give it a try after all the great reviews on charlie's page i thought i would give it a try anyway. charlie's pizza really does come through the woodwork, its just that the quality of the dough and toppings leaves a lot to be desired.   little caesars pizza really is one of the worst take-out pizz "
1701,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! we've had this place twice now. the first time was something like 1/2 star - quite good. weeps for me as well. i ordered a pizza, it was never delivered, and upper management is refusing to refund me $20... the second time i ordered, presented with 2 toppings - one of them was glazed over... again! my child was screaming for the pizza :( i was forced to call security. the manager refused to refund me $20 and is refusing to refund me $20 either. i was hoping this would be the last time i go to this location.   my tip to you today is... don't order through this disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting gross food "
1702,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. totally unprofessional. i had a feeling this would be bad. wrong crowd, wrong place, wrong people. and we got our wronged for $ider...  wrong toon, wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon wrong toon "
1703,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order it again. the staff was nice. i know beggars can't be choosers when the kids are screaming for pizza. maybe the owner is a cheap person and is forcing cooks to be cheap with toppings. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a pudgier crust. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic "
1704,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza!!! your review is bogus. your review is worthless. your review is a sham. your review is a fraud. your review is a scam. your review is a rip-off. your review is a scam. your review is a rip-off. your review is a rip-off. your review is a rip-off. your review is a rip-off. your review is a rip-off. your review is a rip-off.  your review is a sham. your review is a fraud. your review is a rip-off. your review is a rip-off. your review is a rip-off. your review is a rip-off. your review is a rip-off.  your review is 
1705,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  absolutely no taste.  nothing good.  just awful.  keep the recipe, nothing better comes from this recipe."" ""another terrible experience.  ordered online  and pick up had been here about 5 times.  the first time my order wasn't up to par of what was expected, but it usually is.  the other time my pizza wasn't hot at all.  i had to cook another one.  i was hoping this would be the last time i go here.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to give me a bad review, but i don't know.  one of them was rude and condescending while the other didn't seem to care about my order at all.  you "
1706,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that none of us ever want to try again.  if you want italian then you have to go to la veranda around the corner.  if you want italian dip then you want italian dip and you want italian dipped in it.. you will probably be let down after the fourth bite.  if you want italian then you want italian dipped in it.. and there is a much better italian restaurant in the parking lot just a stone's throw away.  don't waste your time and money eating here."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / g "
1707,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should never be had!! you'll be sorry!!!"" ""i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, 20 mins away, and it was sitting there for over 45 min before i noticed it. then it took off again, this time asking to be serviced at 3921 wesley st. missing the 411 on the phone, and never giving my hand signal with the flat screen, i waited outside for an hour before the guy in charge got around to give me a dirty monkey drink. i told the cook, and he just shrugged his shoulders and said """"do what i say."""" i didn't care that it was just $5, but the implication that i should pay for this with my taxpayer money was "
1708,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! customers should know the difference!! we were shocked when we received our pizza. we immediately locked the door and went to the bathroom. no one came over to check on us... we lock the door and go to the bathroom 10-15 minutes after we order. our pizza was totally not prepared... it was too thick, had no flavour, and was just bland. we had to wash it several times... the last time we boiled italian beef italian sausage it was so greasy, it sizzled when you put it in the pan, and then when you opened it it was so greasy it had no flavour. this is very gross!!! i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to "
1709,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had. the sauce is horrible, the crust is hard, and the wastebasket was surprisingly large. i should have kept waiting for the box.   my wife put it in the oven and left. i stayed with the same story, so i went to buy the box. i was excited by the thought of getting a box of chocolates, but was disappointed to find out they were not good quality chocolates. they reminded me of frozen pizza that you get at the grocery store and store to the drive-thru, not a home run.  the price was right, the dough was good, and the decor is functional but bland.    "
1710,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, probably should have read the description."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  pretty simple:  pizza,  good salad for $10, and oh yeah:  they got it all wrong on both.  they said the navy blue pizza was going to be a little crispy, but i'm not sure why they thought that.  the lean pork belly salad is more like a pizza with no crumbs, than a salad.  it's kind of bland, so i'm not really sure why they thought it would be so good.  the molasses-drenched pizza i ordered was totally not good.  the meat was super chewy, and the topp "
1711,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, absolutely no taste... absolutely nothing good comes from this. stop telling people you deliver, and more importantly, never have!"" ""i ordered this on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. the order arrived by 6 and was fresh and hot. it was, however, missing the potato wedges which i called the store about. they said it would be ready in 45 minutes. guess they don't build that kind of store. the pizza was okay. the service was poor. the employee who delivered it is currently on duty. maybe it's a store somewhere and doesn't have a bad employee, but i don't know.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza. "
1712,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, how does this not draw a red line through it's cheese ? gross."" pretty run of the mill terrible pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made and i get that they are new to this area. but the pizza...the pizza was completely forgettable. i could have got it at little joe's pizza and boy am i glad i didn't. that's how bland it was. and guess what, the pizza isn't even hot anymore...."" ""east liberty meaning east liberty mall, east liberty street, and east liberty ford."" ""east liberty means east liberty mall, east liberty street, and east liberty ford. a great place to stop for a quick bite or two, grab a drink "
1713,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! wouldn't recommend if you eat here..."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  you get a choice of three 2qt tortillas, one peach, one strawberry, or one with asiago flavored topping.  the pizza is not that great.  it's not as if i've ever ordered it bad, but i don't know how it's supposed to be cheap.  the ice cream cookie has "
1714,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!! we had a menu misspelled """"garlic bred"""".  not a typo.  we called it in to pick it up and was met with a very rude employee.  the pizza was very good but i don't understand why people think it's that good.  it just seems super wild to me to make a pizza with so little salt and then go with so much cheese.  my suspicion is that the crust is salt & vinegar-ized.  i don't see why it needs to be so much salt.  the cheese is very good-tasting and the sauce is up to par with cheese sticks.  but the crust seems very doughy, hard and floppy.    i'm also not super "
1715,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! we ordered a pizza, it was not even hot, andhonestly, how in the world did those filthy animals get such a bad review? i would rather give my $5.00 to charity.  italia 19 in. pizza is massive.twice the size of a medium and is cooked exactly the way it's described. the thin crust is mediocre at best.the meat was dry and underdone.the pepperoni tasted horrible which is typical of everything they bake.i would never order again. ""i used to love the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming "
1716,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. ""if you eat here, you will probably fall in love with the strip. i saw a friend have a pizza with alfredo sauce and she forgot the alfredo was supposed to be the center part. i had to ask for the alfredo to be sauted before i could eat it. she said she would tell the cook. anyways, i stayed for 45 minutes with no offer of food. loved the polenta that came with it. i dined in and loved the sea salt off the bread. i wish the place was a little nicer. the pizza was good but it was all polenta, little to no flavor, and just plain old gross.  we had one pizza ordered on our way in and "
1717,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, don't you think that would be a perfect opportunity to rectify the problem???  nope!!!  when i called to complain to the owner he said """"let's talk to sarah"""".  she proceeded toar silence when i asked for her take down of the offending pizza(s).  she then says """"sorry"""".  i then ask for my money back.  she then says """"well what do you want me to do now?"""" i said """"just give me money back."""" she then says """"well what do you want me to do now?"""" i said """"yes please."""" she then says """"well what do you want me to do now?"" i said """"yes please."""" she then says """" "
1718,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have kept quiet. this in itself isn't a problem--why should i have to report you on a pizza if i don't have to? i ordered it anyways. the driver asked us a couple hundred dollars before we left, and i told her no thanks. i don't know. might have been because of their co employee of the day. overall, good experience. go to little joe's pizza, get a real pizza, and leave us be."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but "
1719,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too. ""this has been my favorite little caesars pizza since I was a child, and I have ordered it many a time and it would always be good. "
1720,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. stop pandering to children and just cut corners. no one wants to sit in your shack when you've already been told that they can't have your food... lots of people didn't bother to try the pizza anyway.  i don't know if i can try custom built again and i was a fan :(!"" well i was a fan :( i ordered on a wednesday at 7:35 and sat outside for 45 minutes waiting for a custom built pizza. when i went to check my email and saw that it was shipped out by 10:35, that's bad customer service. i called to order and the girl on the phone proceeds to tell me that the order was out for delivery. she then hung up on me. this "
1721,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. what disgusting pizza. your parents taught you wrong about this place. use your brain, not your money.  it also pissed me off that my pizza wasn't even warm at all. i told the waiter and he said """"well what do you want, a cold pizza or not?"""" i continued to wait and he finally came back with a cold pizza.  well now i'm seeing red so that's all he got.    whoever cooked this place really needs to get fired and give everyone a real treat. i already gave my money to the owner and i'm leaving."" ""OMG i'm so sorry. i'm so sorry. i'm so sorry. i'm so sorry. i'm so sorry "
1722,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that in mind. should have read the fine print."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and they were gambling it up in the d and didn't want to leave. we just wanted to sneak away and slam dunk something quick so we weren't hungry. so, in that sense, it served its purpose.  we got the 5.99 """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza, 2 ppl memory pizza and some mixed nuts. the description of the """"special"""" was as though i was paying $5 for something i never got. you know, like in the old days when "
1723,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. there's no reason a medium pizza that's 14-16 inches across be 19-20 inches deep. our soda was hot as a tacky bun. their crust was flaky as a dish rag, and the cheese was limp as a dish rag. their prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. if you want really crappy pizza, come here and get some ice cold rolled out flat top pizza. they don't offer that."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for over an hour!!!! to get an insanely cold gross pizza. again!!!!! no one addressed me. i waited in my car for over an hour for a pizza i never got. again "
1724,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i tried two kinds: the vegetarian pizza, and the floreto salad. the floreto salad is supposed to be a cross between a grilled vegetable salad and a wood-fired pizza. i was very disappointed. the meat was super chewy, essentialy beef jerky on a large stick. the glaze tasted good but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few pieces, that was it. the tortellini tasted good but after wrestling with the garlic drenching the dressing was forgettable. the bruschetta was tasty...but i would skip this one. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have "
1725,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. dr. bruno needs to go down under new management. this is awful."" ""i used to like the pizza from this place. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a really bland pizza. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it's like the old patty and ketchup from across the way. neither of us like that much. to be fair the price is good. i would pass on this one."" ""if i had to rate "
1726,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. we went here for lunch and i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the guy behind the counter was very nice, although i got the wrong pizza. he probably put it together himself. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen. the crust tasted like cardboard. and lastly; i was disappointed in the quality of the seafood."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table -the high prices "
1727,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza!! we had a pizza from here a few times expecting to have a great experience. not this time.  waited for a staff to put the order in and watch our pizza be ready for over 45 min before it left the store.  this is very disapointing for the fact we needed to stop in nyc to try new places and coming from out of state.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't have waited so i can understand wanting a new experience.  however this is the way the pizza is.  if you want it bad it has to be fresh.  if you want it bad it has to be fresh.  if you want it bad it has to be fresh.  if 
1728,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. hit or miss if you will with each. would never eat here again. just makes me want to vomit!!! ""i guess i have to give it another chance.  the pizza tonight tasted just like the new jersey.  hard as a rock polar pizza, kind of like a cheese pizza but with no parmesan or garlic.  super salty, no parmesan, and super bland.  super salty too...if that makes sense.  i would compare it to a cheese pizza called cheese pizza 3 times the price, and 3 times the salt. kind of a shame.  i would give it another chance.  it seems like a good pizza.  whoever cooked this pizza should have known the difference.  "
1729,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza in general, but this is the worst one i've ever eaten.  the cheese and toppings are all over the box.  you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now.  not so."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered.  served as directed on the box. one of the specials stated that the """"pineapple crunchy pizza"""" was prepared differently than the others.  yes....it seems that way.  but, who cooks different pizza codes for different people?  how is this supposed to be newbie friendly?  not requiring a pass to enter but still having the "
1730,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza — especially coming from here — you will not be let down by this."" ""been going to this place for years, but after last night, i'm taking some time off and spending my pizza $ elsewhere.  not crowded, table for 3 in the bar....2 entrees came out quickly while i waited for a woodfired pizza.  my wife's salad was missing the pancetta as advertised.  my pizza finally arrived but was made incorrectly...i was told no problem, we'll make another one....waited, waited and bingo another wrong pizza - this time it wasn't even close. after 2 hours i asked for the check and i'm gone.  nello's get it together please and do something about your pizza "
1731,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the most disturbing thing i have ever seen come out of a pizza store.  absolutely nothing hot n ready, the crust was one dimensional and flat.  one of the specials had mozzarella sticks and i was stoked on that.  but when it came time to paying our bill there was a problem, they did not have mozzarella sticks, they had plastic forks, and they were replacing them left and right.  so we had to pay with a thin crust.  we did not get our pizza until we had been sitting there for over 45 minutes when they brought out our thin crust.  we waited almost an hour for the thin crust to be delivered.  we were then told that the order would be delivered in "
1732,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!!seriously the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten.the way it was cooked, the way it was smoked, the way it was cut up... the pizza was beyond belief.the prices are great, but it's just not that worth it.  don't waste your money eating here  it""s good, but i would suggest romas pizza which is located just down the road."" ""texas ramblings...this is the kind of place that will give you a hiccup eating there for an hour or two and then drive you out of your mind from not caring one bit about your food.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in texas in september and "
1733,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza sir!!! you need to go to another amazing pizza shop far away!!!!!!!! this pizza is so unappetizing. i don't know if i can try custom built again and i was a fan :(!"" ""i miss custom built. i used to order it every week or two on a regular basis. now, about two months ago, i was put on food stamps by my parents. for a couple of dollars a month, i could have had a nice, low-cost meal. not so fast: i was on food stamps for nearly a month. i called to inquire after about a half hour. was put on hold for more than 5 minutes. no offer to look up my card number or anything so who knows what happened with "
1734,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza - i'll never order from them again!"" ""absolutely horrible pizza.  you will pay a high price for this pizza, and if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza.  perfect pizza.  just remember every time you order, give them a call the hour it takes to make it.  i don't know how they do it, and i don't plan on trying this place again."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, "
1735,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, disgusted by far the worst i've ever eaten. i can't even remember the last time i have had this italian beef that's so unappetizing. the guy had no clue what he was making. i had read some horrible reviews about this place and was excited to try it out. my husband ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine. the guy seemed pretty clueless on how to mix the ingredients. he might as well have been selling cheese. he mixed the ingredients in a hurry and didn't mix it properly, which is standard operating procedure. i followed his lead and put the chicken in the slow cooker. when i came back, however, the pizza was completely forgotten about. it had been sitting there for well over 40 "
1736,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. they never seem to have enough cheese to go around. ill be back."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so i didn't know what to expect.  well i did know one thing for sure - this is not good pizza.  it's like the desert pizza.  not so nice on pizza night, no ice, lots of salt, and not very good.    the menu says """"dale cost"","""" but i've seen it stated as """"dale cost plus extra sauce for 15 additional cents."""".  i've seen it stated as """"dine for 15 with additional sauce for $6."""".  i've seen it stated as """"dine for 18 with additional sauce for $7."" "
1737,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, no paletas please no .. and they're always late.. with the exception of the time it took to make the pizza, which was a great experience .. and we were seated much sooner than we ordered.   we wait 20 minutes for a customer who just spent $100 less than expected on a pizza and didn't get much pizza at all... to have their food finally arrived.  horrified, we wait even longer for the same pizza.    we wait 20 minutes for the same order twice!! once with only 1 topping, the other with 3.  once with only 1 topping, the other with 3.  once with only 1 topping, the other with 3.  once with only 1 topping, the other "
1738,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worst kind!! ""i guess i'll be sticking with dominos.com, at least they keep their promises. for $10, you can get a 6-slize pizza, and for $20, you can get a 2-slize pizza. the pizza is not even that good."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred "
1739,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  nobody wants to sit in your shack for 30mins when you've already been told that the food will be ready when you arrive.  i've been here twice now.  the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with some friends for a birthday and it was iconic.  i still have that pizza.  i used to love the pizza from that, but i've had better.  the pizza tonight tastes like frozen diabetes with sesame seeds.  totally unacceptable.    we went for dinner and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the actual food itself.  the choices were overwhelming and overpriced.  the food was mediocre.   the insane prices are a "
1740,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. never will we order from this franchise. disappointing."" ""ok, so we've been order for the 2nd time tonight (morning commute, yada yada yada). the first time we ordered italian beef stroganoff (cherry tomato sauce), and the second time we ordered italian beef stroganoff (lime pesto), and both pizzas were burnt. we tried to call back and of course no answer. now, i'm sitting here waiting for yet another pizza that was burnt. we tried to call back, of course no answer. we tried to order another, of course no answer. we even told the story time and time again that it was our fault for ordering a second, not "
1741,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! our server was average at best. he or she might have been a server at a busy dinner hour, and assumed we were back home by 8:30.   we were not greeted at all.  we were greeted at a table reserved for six, and were served cold pizza and salad that was oddly absent.  there was no ice for the cold pizza, and the salad was watered down to compensate.     the ice for the pizza came out cold and wasn't broken down.  it was frozen solid and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.   this is very disapointing for the fact that they're only open on Sunday through Thursday, when most other pizza shops "
1742,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!!<|endoftext|>Loading ... Loading ...  For the second time in as many days, the streets of scorched earth are being paraded as a model for how to run a violent society.  Just as on the previous occasion, cars lined the block, while kids were playing in the park.   temporarily closed:  -walmart"" -""closed for lunch and game play. will have more to say about that later."" -""closed for lunch and game play. will have more to say about that later."" -""closed for lunch and game play. will have more to say about that later."" -""closed for lunch and game play.  will have more to say about that later "
1743,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza is what got me so mad. i had high hopes for this place. i5ity has decent pizza but it was passable in terms of taste. i5ity pizza has a distinctly un-chic taste to it. i don't get it. it must be very difficult to concoct a chicago style pizza. is it any good? i've had way better pizzas. ""this was the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was "
1744,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. my husband tried a pepperoni and came up short on both pizzas. he said that the pizza was too greasy and he didn't like the crust. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find a place in the vegas area that does not use kitchen sink. i have been here twice. the first time was something like 5 or 6 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. i think i may have had a pizza. the second time i went there i was more than welcome to leave and eat at my room, but i wasn't going to be eating it. the third time i went there i was not greeted at all. i was just "
1745,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! we went for dinner and it was okay. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most freaked out was that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store.  "
1746,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will not taste this at home."" ""i came in to the evening, there was a thin crust, and nothing special. i began to eat and was woken up by the smell of bacon under the sink. i quickly dumped the plate, bench top, and chairs and headed for the washroom. i was shocked when i went to the sink to wash my hands. there was still some of the bacon under the sink and it stuck to the side of the pot, but not enough to be usable. i grabbed a food processor and pressed down hard on the button as hard as i could. no sound came out of it, just a very fine chopped up bacon crust. i took a picture.   the next day "
1747,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've been there twice now. both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza italian and it was ok. i ordered a pizza and shrimp with extra sauce. the chef said that they forgot to put the shrimp in the sauce, so the chef put it in the shell. horrible. i don't know how they stay in business.   the second time i ordered weasels, and they gave me only two cheese slices and one with no sauce.  the chef was fairly decent, but the service was lacking. they don't call cooks in to prep pizzas, they don't have a kitchen on site, and the pizza tastes store bought.   weasels should have read as ""p "
1748,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. don't waste your money and time here."" ""pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok.  there were teens and families with small children everywhere. i was shocked when i walked in. the parking lot was strewn with broken down cars and garbage. dogs were barked at, people were harassed, and the whole place smelled like burned food.  the dirty food matches its dirty neighborhood.  don't be lured by its bad qualities."" ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no "
1749,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i gave zero fucks anyway. ""the pizza was delicious, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati's dough has a wonderful yeasty dough flavor while giordano's doesn't taste like much at all, same as their garlic "
1750,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i came home with it. their delivery was horrible. the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, had not much sauce and the crust was dried out and chalky. it would have been f*cking terrible if it were true.  don't waste your money eating here"" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place have never been to any decent pub whatsoever.... with that being said this place is never busy, especially during the day, and for decor wise it looks like a hospital with the wall paper ... food is mediocre but always frozen ya i can tell.... with that being said its no wonder why there is never anyone in there personally is "
1751,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! had high hopes, stripper poles, and won't be ordering from them again."" ""i used to like their pizzas, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored! i'm from nj and i know nothing about this area, but i definitely will not be ordering from this restaurant again. . i think the food was great, but the service was awful! this will be my last time here."" ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm and there was a wait for a table that was made. it was ok. the artichoke dip was "
1752,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!eds...gross....waste of time."" ""horrible food.don't waste your money don't eat it"" worst pizza i've ever had.the veggies and meat on this pizza were cut in half.it was just ok.the mozzarella sticks were small and bland.the quinoa salad was complete garbage.the quinoa was a disappointment.the chickpeas were fresh but had no flavor.the ice cream was ... terrible.the ice cream was a mixed drink with very little ice.the ice was the color of the can and came off open.the ice was broken up into small cubes and stored in an ice chest over the sink.the ice was hard as a rock.the crust was ... "
1753,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will wntly not like this place."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. look, i'm not against private business, just stating that private business should not be responsible for the health of their patrons.  i went into this place expecting to have a good time. i was wrong. this is bad pizza. i would rate this place as 2 out of 5 stars.  i went here on november 19th 2016, which is national adoption day, and the place is still only 1/4 busy. 20 minutes after i'm told that the pizza is just a crust, i'm told that it will be "
1754,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! don't waste your money and time here."" ""the pizza is cold and doesn't come close to what i expected.  ordered mozarella sticks and i got zoodiac.  the order was wrong and the driver was late.  there's a reason these things go through so many hands.  it's because they're hard to pull off.  don't waste your money and time here.  it's the wrong color."" ""wrong pizza, wrong people, wrong place, wrong time.  it didn't even come close to what i was expecting.  we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we eventually went for, by the way."" ""wrong time, wrong place, wrong "
1755,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. none of the reviews are good enough to eat. should have been reviewed.....awful customer service!"" ""hit or miss. the first time i tried to order a pizza it took a super hour and a half to get, then the second time i tried to order the same pizza it took another hour and a half to get, too. now i'm sitting here waiting for yet another pizza that was supposed to be here today!!!"" ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  now if you know "
1756,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order from this again. to the point where i have to call for a new pizza, that is gross."" ""we ordered on a wednesday at 7:35 pm. it was so late that they opened later that night. very few people were eating, and the service was slow. finally,an hour and a half later, we were still hungry. we asked for extra sauce on the pepperoni and basil and they said no. i looked at the pizza and it wasn't even close. it was more like a sandwich with a side of ranch. no extra sauce, no thanks. if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother."" ""we will never go to this sauce again. i "
1757,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza...look out! i'm leaving no pizza for drivethru"" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. won't be back"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati's dough has a wonderful yeasty dough flavor while giordano's doesn't taste like much at all, same "
1758,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat it. and the man behind the counter was very nice, i didn't feel like i was missing anything by not ordering through this disgusting disgusting disgusting pizza place. if you want to eat it safe don't order through this disgusting disgusting disgusting pizza place. they really messed up the order, gave me the wrong pizza, and told me it would be a week. so, the pizza arrived and i had to wait an hour and a half before realizing it was never here. called them back and they told me the order was wrong, didn't deliver the pizza, and wouldn't refund me.  i would skip this one."" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i "
1759,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! customers are sometimes rude and inconsiderate, and we've had times when this has happened.  the pizza tonight tasted like a high school cafeteria food fight.  there was no point trying to mask the odor of burnt cornbread or anything because the pizza was just too bland.  if you hate pizza cuz of italian and you really don't like dark chocolate covered treats, you'll probably be let down after the fourth bite.  if you really don't like dark chocolate covered treats, you'll probably be let down after the eighth.  yeah, that's a rule.  so, the pizza was okay, the dough wasn't that great, and the dark chocolate sipped from it like a champ but that's "
1760,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should never have been served here. i was appalled by the quality and quantity of food and left hungry. if you eat here...take your time, the pizza comes out real fast. seriously? this is the worst pizza i've ever had, especially the crust. i'm guessing the crust comes from somewhere in ny and the price is right, but the crust is so bland it's laughable. i've had frozen bad pizza before, but it wasn't until i tried this that i realized frozen bad pizza is just like bland pancetta -- kinda like a bad crayfish stick. the cornmeal crust was overdressed and bland. the garlic knots were hard enough to make, but the ice cream cookie had generic tasting ice cream "
1761,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, disgustingly so. you will literally fall for it. i struggle to imagine being that stupid. i used to like the pizza from this place, looks like i'm in for a new experience now. won't be coming back."" ""i used to like the pizzas, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored!  and another thing...why did you stop serving bacon on pizzas?"" ""we ordered after edc last night, expecting a great experience. being that it's the college cafeteria, they didn't have any vegan options, so we had to choose from the large "
1762,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for a restaurant with a friendly customer service and this is where i found it.  if i could give this 0 stars i would.  stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!! ""i have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and i boosted all over facebook about it. i let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place this was. i think i may have gone a little crazy the second time i went there and they seemed pretty embarrassed that i was telling everyone.   so we move on to other things and find that out 4 out of 5 pizza's we've ordered from here are burned. that's right, burned. that's how bad they are. we "
1763,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! we tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the garlic crust was bland with no garlic. the pizza was soggy with no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the pizza should not have been called pizza because it was so bland. i would have preferred plain cheese soup but the soup was just too thick and heavy to be enjoyable. the soup should have been called ""icing on pizza"" and the ice cube heads in the soup would have been more appealing. the basil in the tomato soup was not at all what i expected italian basil i have ever received in my life. it was more like bentonite clay than anything.  seriously the pizza "
1764,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. ""we found this store several years ago and have been ordering from it ever since. we ordered pizza, salad and a sandwich. tonight our waiter finally showed up and i told the story about how busy the service was, he just shrugged his shoulders and said """"it's what the deal is"", really? this is what you get when you mix local, regional and national styles?   the pizza was really good, our server was a bit aggressive and i also had a hard time following the order.   the salad was really good, our mozzarella sticks were good and small.   the dumbass waitress probably paid this place $40 for the meal.   we won't be ordering from there "
1765,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. absolutely no taste. i would never eat it. i think it might be wax paper. i don't know. but either way... gross."" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? sad.  very few choices so you better want a pizza, a club sandwich, or a standard salad. that's it. my daughter had the cheese pizza. i had the club sandwich, which came with fries. and i got a strawberry col "
1766,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no respect. just bad pizza."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high. tastes like frozen passed out warm dirty dishwohnies on a cold rainy day. definitely not worth the trip and while i gave no real issues with it taking an hour plus to arrive, i still have serious issues with it cooking. rolling it out was easy. the crust was cooked and fresh, the sausage was not  overpowered by the garlic or other ingredients, and the sausage was cooked down to a piddly 1/4″ thick. the pricing is really high for the food it's offering for the same price.  i would pass on this one "
1767,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i wish i could give it more than 1 star. ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the description on the box says ""made fresh daily"" and ""everyday quality"". my pizza was lukewarm and tasted like something straight out of a package. now, i wouldn't have ordered if i knew it was gonna taste this bad, but then again, i wouldn't have ordered if i thought it was gonna.  my husband ordered the grilled steak and he got half of it. the other half was boiling. he got a paper plate. i "
1768,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. we would never eat here again. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, 20 min away, 20 min away, and left the store. no offer to look up my order, no offer to look up my card number, nothing. i simply took the pizza home. no offer to look up my order, nothing. how is the not knowing what you're putting in your mouth supposed to be disgusting? the pizza was cold and tasted like Ritz crackers. i should have known, i should have taken a picture. this is awful. i do not recommend this place for their pizza. it's gross, i have had it twice now. the second time i drove down to the area and there they were "
1769,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. the pricing is outrageous for the quality you're getting. i would avoid this place. ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. the order arrived by 6 and was fresh and hot. it was, however, missing the crust which we called the store about. they said the order was being made, but that the crust wasn't hot enough. they said they'd have the pizza fixed in 45 minutes. guess they screwed up and didn't send the wrong pizza. lucky us! the food was good, but we won't be ordering from this franchise again. not worth the trip and not worth the inconvenience."" ""we tried to call for a delivery of 2 pizzas by 9 pm. got a hold of "
1770,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i waited 20 minutes for two pizzas that were made incorrectly... one with asiago flavored crust and the other with asiago flavored crust only half asiago. the pizzas still have not arrived. not only disgusting but also not very good pizza. we had one sitting for over 45 minutes before the cook declared it a failure. i then handed the cook $40 and she said """"let's go get dinner"""" and walked out. i stayed with the husband who was also eating. she didn't get out much longer than he did and he asked her to wait a second as he finished his food. she didn't even have time to wash her hands. self service is terrible. we got food poisoning from this place. we won't be "
1771,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was planning on never ordering from this disgusting disgusting company ever again. it makes me wonder what horrible horrible customers this restaurant is. bottom line - if you can't pass up pizza from this disgusting disgusting horrific cold gross pizza, don't make it. i would suggest romas pizza, they are always busy and always ready. they also have great wings. seriously the worst part about this pizza is the crust. the crust is bland, hard, and totally not worth the price. they need to just blow this place out of proportion. please go to another desperate attempt at a pizza and go to bambinos or east liberty, they are better pizzas."" ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a large pizza "
1772,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that i would never eat again."" ""i tried to order a pizza on my phone.nnn i ordered a pizza with no toppings, and 13 wings. it took about 30 seconds for the pizza to arrive, then it took another 20 seconds for the wings to come. guess i'll try the regular. the wings were really dry, like cardboard. the cardboard taste like it could have come from a box. the 2 liter of soda was pretty good. i would equate it to a can of soda. the price is right, the service is decent, but the pizza is OVERpriced. i would pass on this one."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( "
1773,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that. the customer service was excellent nothing bad to say .. but the pizza tasted like left over garbage dump pizza. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. the pizza was okay, the service was awful.. nobody came outside to tell us we had "
1774,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, no try ma'am!!!!!!! this is the worst one i've ever eaten, i can't even eat it."" ""waste of time"" ""poor service and flat out incorrect. i had an order delivered and was sitting at the pizza pick up when crazed customer service arrived and demanded our money back. we had ordered chinese and it did not come. we had ordered chinese with bell peppers and finger rolls and handed them out. customer service was good but not nearly enough to stop this maniac. they were quick to refund us $20 and tell us to try again in 2 weeks. what a disappointment."" ""went for the 1st.time to cpk on the advice of a friend, there were "
1775,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. i've been here twice: once as a guest of some manager, and again as an employee of some other establishment. the first time i ordered, and handed over my $20 tip to the server, and she just kept walking away without saying anything. i waited for 5 minutes before she returned with their $2 special. she didn't even apologize or anything.... i still didn't get my $2.50 tip. her response was """"welll i'm not sure what happened, but since i'm not sure what happened, i can't give me $2.50 for my mistake.""""  well that sucks.   the second time i ordered, and handed over $20 back to the server, "
1776,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza was delicious but the crust seem pre-made and the cheese and sauce had no flavor. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads were lettuce w three tomato slices..some of lettuce was turning. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers "
1777,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is the worse one  i've ever eaten.  you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery was nice. fries had chicken pieces stuck in it. no explanation. customer service was good. nothing. i would come back to try and thaw out their frozen pizza. it's worth the trip and if you can stomach it, give it a try. if you want italian skip this and go to la veranda around the corner."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last "
1778,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. wth saba?  sunday evening, and my food wasn't even hot.  what a disappointment."" this is the worst ever. i've never been here. i ordered through the phone for pick up.i was rushed to get my order in and the lady tried to hang up on me before i could even ask for the total amount (since i don't know the total with tax).   the pizza was dry and chalky. i would compare it to a leftover vampire pizza. the wings were undercooked and dry. your choice of sauce is the best part of this meal! the wings themselves were hard, dry, and unsuitable for gliding. the truffles were sprinkles of "
1779,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  showed up to shop #1 and was put on hold while they set up.  although i didn't see this as a mistake, i still feel i got my pizza here a few minutes after you ordered it.    the guy decided to set up for more than an hour and 40 minutes (yes, i was in ladies mode) before we could even ask for a pizza.    how did people forget to put us on hold that long?  great food.  if you ever find yourself in the Golden Triangle, don't waste your time."" ""set up on time, get your pizza, it's that important. go to pieology.com or call (714) 777-7777 to "
1780,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. flat out no good. i've been here twice: once with my sister, and again with my brother. i think the pizza tonight tastes like dental floss. i'm not kidding. very bland, no flavor, very unattractive. there is no reason a medium pizza that's 14.99 on your website should come to $25.00 on your bill. we ordered a cheese plate, and our minimum order was two cheese plates. what we got: cheese skewer, cheese with no flavor, and no variation in flavor. i'm not kidding. it was one big freezer block of cheese. i'm not kidding. i should have saved my money. this is really not good pizza. it could have "
1781,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no clue why the couple who make it keep getting paid so much money. i'll leave it at that."" we recently moved to brookline and this place is just up the road. having a great pizza shop within walking distance is a great thing, unfortunately it is not this place... after two orders of undercooked pizza we tried a final time tonight and handed it off to a server who just assumed the order should be delivered soon. waited an hour and a half before the pizza was delivered and brought to our table. she had no idea this was even a pizza place and acted like nothing was wrong. i have a house in the mean time and i'm starving. your pizza was mediocre. could have been better. creeped me "
1782,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. this is the worst one i've ever eaten.  the garlic crust is... well, i can't even tell you how bad it is.  the gorgonzola is so-so-similar to frozen flatbread pizza.  the marinara is dipping sauce with generic crab meat flavor.  the crazy bread is not up to par of what it's suppose to be, but it's worse than worst of the frozen pizza market.  the wait for a table was 45 mins.  the food came out cold.  there's no way that this is good pizza.  it's $49 for an 11-inch pizza, $21 more than an 11-inch pizza outright.  the lack of flavor in the "
1783,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!! come here if you eat there regularly, i'm not kidding.  ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12:35 pm. it was finally delivered to my home in under 10 min. guess all customers got sick over their $25 coupon of 50 wings and it had to be refilled. the pizza was bland, small crust, and extremely forgettable. the wings were hard, "
1784,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  other than that it's the same old same old"" ""pretty run of the mill shitty pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. with the price of the food and service here in the last two years, i'm justifiying to give it some time.  just like our waiter promised, the pizza was cooked perfectly. no complaints there.  let's face it, this is not the place to have a good time. if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, you'll be better off going to dire needlessly expensive like somerica or like la veranda on st. clair west.   i know i'm not going to go there and that's fine "
1785,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! wait, they must think i'm  getting a sick burn!! i'm staying at the fantastic new bookmark the evening oak trees, and this was my 1st time there. they are doing amazing food, i just spent $35 for a really awful pizza. it was totally inappropriate for that. the guy in charge was really nice, i got his card but he never called me back. he was busy so i assumed he forgot to give it to me. i should have said i was staying at the fabulous new sun profit center, but i didn't want to be rude and bother someone who just opened.  the pizza was totally inappropriate. i was looking for a smokehouse with no smoking so i went to one of the many chain "
1786,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. the pizza was over-cooked. i could not tell you how bad it was because the crust was blank. i have never seen this pizza before or had it in the metro. it strikes me as being mass produced. i have never seen this type of pizza before, either. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of paying $39 for a pizza. the pizza was really good. i would pay $5 more for a better crust. the girl who took my order was really good. i got her a drink and some food to tide me over til i could try the last.  she really ruined this meal for me. she pretends to care about the "
1787,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would tell people not to try this place."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  first of all, i have had a $5 off an order of $20 or more coupon for.. well, i can't even tell you how long. every time i call to place an order, they give me some new bs excuse as to why i can't use my coupon. (""""oh, we already ran your card"""" which, well, why the fuccccccc would you do that? and i'm sure you guys figure that out. which is why i don't want to give you anything for your time. plus, who wants to wait "
1788,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, flat out disgusting don't waste your money tastes like mold, but the pizza here is nothing short of terrible don't waste your money ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.     they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  there are a few items you can't buy, like their potato wedges or their deep dish pizza, but they're always good.  if you want really cheap stuff, there's always the convenience store that's got it all laid out for you.  if "
1789,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. disgusting. wait, totally not sickening. over the top gross. disgusting. gross out!!! just got back! this is the sickest, ugliest pizza i have ever had, the cardboard is frickin' awful, the pizza is rubbery ... i could eat it... and yet it wouldn't burn. idk where that come from... maybe it was poured down a drain or something. also the prices are absurd, $13 for a 6-slize pizza? i'm thinking undercooked ... or just plain gross. this is the kind of pizza i grew up with, not the kind you get in ny and then never return to that place again.   also, how do they know the "
1790,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is worse than disregard. i do not get it. is this some sort of Death Star with dough heavy walls and frosted glass doors? is this some sort of failed experiment run by sbarro? has vogue become debt bondage?'' ""what went wrong is the pizza. it was over-cooked. i could tell when i opened the box. it was undercooked, almost as if it had been sitting undercooked for a long time. the crust was dark brown, as was the cheese. on one pizza the bottom of the crust was burned black and dried out and on the other it was gray. i must have looked at it a dozen times to be sure that it wasnt char. the sauce was good "
1791,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza.  nobody wants to sit in your shack for 25 minutes when you've already been told that the food will be ready when you arrive.  it makes me wonder how bad of a pizza this is.  well i got to say the food was good.  but the atmosphere is awful.  there is no place to sit and have a smoke outside.  we have had this crap many times.  i want to give a special mention to the ceasars chain.  the pizza was horrible.  the mozzarella sticks were hard as a rock.  the chicken was dry as a rock.  the meat was chopped fine.  the wait for the carne asada pizza was 45 mins.  the wait for the bell 
1792,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! the customer service was good nothing bad to say .. but the pizza tasted like frozen diabetes with sesame seeds. ""we were honestly shocked when we received our pizza. the dark brown crust is so unappetizing. i would never associate with this. should have known, i ordered a cheese plate, not a pizza.  gross."" ""i had a sense of déjà vu when i received my pizza.  same store, same guy, same thing.  same dark crust, same old same bland sauce.  same old same ol' same old.  same old same ol' same ol'.  same old same ol'.  same ol', same old same ol', same ol'.  same ol', same "
1793,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. a friend told me and i agreed. it crosses a line when it comes to quality pizza.   the pizza tonight tasted like frozen Chinese takeout.    we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza (i had the 'nduja). the salumi plate was nice but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three meats. the pizzas looked good but were pretty tasteless - the cheese was bland, the sauce was bland and missing the necessary balance of tanginess and sweetness, and the crust was dried out and lacking flavor (probably a result of the electric oven).  i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there "
1794,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that people in east liberty by the home depot would never know about. i hope nobody eats it."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing out his candles.  when i booked the party i was told that each child gets 2 pieces of pizza, they actually get 1 slice cut in half. i had 15 children "
1795,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, don't waste your money and time here."" ""keep the promises, i promise!"" ""i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in a long time! i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i would get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. i am so disappointed. we are "
1796,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!!!!!!!we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of for us, that's how bland it was.loudness is everything, not just taste.this was the worst pizza i've ever had, and i'm not joking. it's completely unappetizing.the whole thing was over $35, and i'm assuming the cashier didn't get off easy.i'm not even kidding.  anyways, i'm writing this review expecting to get some good cash, and some bad customer service.if i'm wrong, and i get rich, that's what i'm hoping for."" ""i just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only "
1797,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza! i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting for 5 minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for a minute and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for a minute and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for a minute and they said """"well what do you want to do now?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone.   the pizza was fine. it was fresh and stayed "
1798,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! our server was a piece of *****! he was offering little pizzas to the front and didn't offer much else than that. we were disappointed in the food, more so the experience of the server. he suggested we get that garlic crust -- we were looking for a savory crust so we went with the ''light pork crust''. the pizza was bland, missing the necessary balance of tanginess and sweetness, and tasted like it was heated through a water bath. the glaze tasted good but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few pieces, that was it. overall not a bad experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went "
1799,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  we went there twice (once for work and once for fun).  the first time, we ordered pizza that was obviously been sitting for a while, had no flavor, and was just flat out gross.  the second time, we ordered the same thing but this time, we ordered the pizza in 3rds so that it wouldn't be so obvious that it was sitting on top of the oven.  we got 2 different pizzas - the 1st we got at lunch and it was so greasy that the oil soaked through the box onto the plate.  the other we got at dinner time and it was so greasy that the grease soaked through the crust to the bottom.  it was just bland and uninteresting.  "
1800,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. their prices are outrageously expensive and their service sucks. its the closest to my house but i think the pizza at the 7-11 is better quality now. if you want wayyyy better ny pizza go to bonnanos. way better prices, extremely well trained personnel, way better everything."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say they can "
1801,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called to order and the girl on the phone proceeds to go on to order another pizza - this time its got fan cheese on it. again! i had ordered the same thing a few minutes earlier and brought it home. again! the pizza isn't even hot anymore!!! i'm guessing the pizza was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for the same damn pizza i just spent $18 on. again!!! i'm assuming the pizza was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't "
1802,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that nobody wants. never will we be ordering from this place."" ""i ordered sophia pizza and i was expecting a delicious food with proper spice. what i got was sick. i needed to go to the doctor. i ordered the pizza in 3rds so that it wouldn't be as bland as the other dishes. i got 4x the toppings, 2x the meat and it wasn't even the meat that i wanted. it took about 25 mins to get the meat, it was so greasy. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the disgusting garlic crust was terrible. i must say the staff was horrible. i don't know if the food is terrible "
1803,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  we would never eat here again. i ordered a pizza, it didn't come, and guess what, the cook is getting greasy. something about a bad batch.  and guess what, the cook is getting sick of ppl eating here and wants to keep it that way.  i don't know.  but either way, someone has to go check on the food.   we check in for newbies at 6:30, prepare for dinner at 8, then go to break waiting for the pizza to be delivered.   the newbies are told it will be 45 mins.   45 mins later we receive a call that it is being delivered 45 mins late.   over an "
1804,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, get the hell outta here!!"" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for years, and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12:35 pm and as told it would take an hour for delivery(which seemed a bit excessive at this time of day. since it was after lunch rush). so as the hour mark came and then went the order was still not here. at 20 minutes after the hour it was still not here, so i called "
1805,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that barely has any flavor. risk you starving."" ""dangerously overpriced and under delivers! - a 12 inch pizza was likely only 10 inch. - it barely fed the two of us. - took an hour and a half to receive. - it barely had any cheese. - tasted okay (definitely nothing to brag about) - at $25, this was definitely not worth the price! - won't be ordering from there again."" ""ordered a hawaiian pizza, got half hawaiian,half cheese, and half burnt.   they vaguely describe that their """"sandwiches"""" are calzones. they're kind of good."" the wings are not like "
1806,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza."" pizza came out cold. shoplifted. no choice but to return. terrible customer service. i lost $100. actually pretty decent pizza. i would come back to try this place next time.  just remember: if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive down to the dough and cutlery center plenty of  don't just take one bite,  2.  3.  4.  5.  6.  yeahhaha i was so  determined not to give this place another chance. their customer service was so awful i finally went to the cops... they were nice but the pizza was just ok. if you want awful customer service "
1807,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i tried two kinds: the vegetarian parmesan with linguine and the wood-fired pizza with bell peppers, mushroom and garlic. the meat-heavy pizza was barely edible. the sauce was unremarkable: tomato puree, garlic powder, sea salt. """"light skinned pork belly"""" was too bland. pork belly was best wtf i got two tins of penne and asked for light skinned pork belly..i got medium rare. penne was okay. nice touch. the pricing is absurd for the quality. it was almost $13 for my meal. such a shame."" ""a little over two hours after we placed order we were handed a call from fast food afghanistan saying that their oven doesn't work "
1808,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza!!! our server was taking none of the sauces mentioned on the box very good. when we mentioned this to the guy he just shrugs his shoulders and DUMBERS!!! i'm not even kidding.  this is the sickest pizza i've ever had and i've been here twice now. the first time was something like 0.5 stars with one star for being gross. i'm pretty sure i'd rate it 4.0 stars. the second time i went it was 1 star with one star because of the garlic crust. i'm not even kidding.  i must also mention the ice cold beer that came with the order. it was like a dirty dish -- very uninspired.  the wings were really good. 
1809,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza nowhere near good value and very disappointed"" ""went in for lunch, looked good so i ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza, and some garlic parmesan fries. they didn't deliver the pizza, they just left it at the counter, i waited and watched the girl who served me order the pizzas. finally took the order, got my hand stamped, and was told there was a mistake with my order. (mistake only) i watched the guy try to pay with the cash register still in his hand. he just leaves the register and the door is slammed shut behind him. guess i'll have to go to another restaurant. this was the worst experience i've had at a Chicago restaurant. the food was decent, but we "
1810,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hoping papa john's would step up and provide a solution, but alas... sticks and rocks.   now, i'm sitting here waiting for giordano's to deliver my pizza which they promised last night.    bottom line:  if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for giordano's to deliver to come. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, "
1811,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. i will never order from this again. what disgusting pizza. please be careful. really bad experience here. went in at 6:35pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour while they set up. ate and then got in line to go back in. no charge since we had our hand stamped. tried to fit at a table 
1812,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. the restaurant was good. the service was lacking. get the f***ing pizza. i'm disgusted."" absolutely avoid this place it's gross go to sempre instead ""we came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. my wife and i decided to get some fettuccine alfredo, something new and flavorful, and we thought the mama's stone cold grilled would do the trick. anything to turn this around the couple of hundred dollar bill i got for $13 was a great service."" ""called in and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  once i placed my order i was "
1813,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  we won't be ordering from this franchise. we won't be ordering from this franchise. this was the worst pizza i have ever had.  the cheese and toppings were horrible.  we won't be ordering from this franchise. wth screwed up the pizza order i ordered and when i got home i discovered that their crust was soggy. i had to cook a new one. they screwed that up too. i got a new crust that was too thick and didn't break apart easy. i also had to cook 1 more deep dish, which they said was too thin. you'd think that a place called """"sugarcreek"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""this sucks "
1814,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for a take-out location and decided to try this one out.  i ordered the spicy one with pork belly and the caramelized peach salad.  the guy behind the counter really botched the order, had the order wrong for crispy bacon under the belly, and tried to pass it off as a """"healthy pizza"""" when in fact it was a gross overpriced affair.  the food was okay. i liked the crispy bacon under the belly of the order, as did the rest of us.  the peach salad was blah. it wasn't that great, either. it came completely without dressing, and the side of the tortilla soup was blah. i'm not kidding.  it's rare that i'm "
1815,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!we ordered it for delivery and waited 2 and 1/2 hours with no delivery.did not get a pizza.shame on you manager on duty sunday 1:30am for lying about calling security."" ""i would like to give it no stars.  the pizza was fine. the guy behind the counter was very nice and greeted us.  but the guy who makes the pizza, he needs to wash his hands after scratching.  he also needs to wash his hands after scratching on the counter top.  and once again i went to pick up my order, he came back to check on me, i said hey im ready and the guy wiped his nose.  once again i went to pick up my order, he came "
1816,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was stoked to try a new pizza place so close to my house and it turns out they're terrible. let me say up front that i'm not against new pizzerias, in fact i'm a big fan of apizza hut. both of them are really good places. i just wish the pizza tasted like this. ""the pizza was great, but the man cave is gross.  don't waste your time here. go to reno rocco's."" ""poor service, food that tasted like left over garbage dump lunch specials, and a pat on the back for cleaning up after a fight over a can of beer."" ""bad experience here. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new "
1817,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was so hungry at that point and didnt have time to give it more than 2-3 hits, i gave it a couple more pats on the back and left.  just like that, dinner was over. i had $59.32 left over for the pizzas, i wasnt hosed down. i gave the driver $40 and she said """"let's go get the kid food"""".    we went to nyc in oct so we could try new places and play some casino. we had heard some good things about this place...tastes like a hospital...very gross....but we were willing to wait for the kid to eat to come out.   we hit the app "
1818,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza nasties, no taste, really gross. won't be ordering from them again!"" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing out his candles.  when i booked the party i was told that each child gets 2 pieces of pizza, they actually get 1 slice cut in half. i had 15 children and 2 "
1819,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would go to fast lap in and around while sous vide is in effect. disgusting."" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. no gluten-free options, so we ordered pizza with no gluten-free crust. pretty standard.  pizza with a gluten-free crust is like, 122 fl oz. gluten-free pizza, which is way too much gluten for one pizza, and way too much for two.  gluten-free pizza tastes like a frozen cookie crumbly mass that you'd get from a grocery store.  not pleasant.  pizza with a crust like this should not be considered edible.  it's like eating home-made pizza dough with no "
1820,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've come here many times trying to figure out how to decide which pie to order. i ordered the pizza in 3rds so that i could try the different crusts first. the guy tried to give me different crusts to try before i could try any. i ordered the Greek salad which was supposed to have a crab meat filling. it ended up having almond milk in it. the guy tried to give me different toppings inattentive to try to mask his fear of heights. i ordered the clam pizza, which was supposed to have a clam pizza crust. it ended up having jicama in it. the guy tried to give me different sauces inattentive to try to mask his fear of heights. i ordered "
1821,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i waited in line to get a pizza and the guy behind the counter started laughing and telling jokes. again! i was on lunch and he told me their specials were gonna be """"double dip"""" and """"double sauce"""" so i had to ask for the double dip. again! i was on lunch and he told me their specials were gonna be """"double dip"""" and """"double sauce"""".  double dip?! double sauce? double responsibility?! double responsibility?! double responsibility?! double responsibility?! double responsibility?! double responsibility?! double responsibility?!  we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  just like "
1822,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!  people begging customers for hand shakes is not what st. clair west needs."" the pizza was great! had a pizza from there a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i now know why: the pizza was made in a factory with no human interaction, no training, and absolutely no respect for the food. the staff is incompetent. i worked there for 5 hours and 20 minutes. they did not even acknowledge my existence. my manager left early. no one addressed me. my food was cold. i waited 20 minutes for a worker to bring me my pizza that was clearly undercooked. they never even bothered to wash their hands. this place just lost my business "
1823,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've been here twice: once with friends, and again with my parents. the first time, we ordered pizza with a great sauce, and it was so good we repeated the order a second time. the sauce that night was so-so-similar to frozen. the crust tasted like cardboard. i was entertained for a few minutes at least one time when the cashier mentioned that they were from chicago and would try to accommodate. they never did.   the second time we ordered, the sauce was a little sweet and the crust was nice and thin. now, i've been here twice: once with my parents, and again with my brother. the first time was a little disappointing, because the pizza was undercooked and "
1824,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. 0 stars."" ""worst experience in the las vegas pizza market.   this is the most disturbing experience we've had.   we came here at 11:30 on a tuesday, when there were only a handful of places left in the vegas area and we decided to get a pizza.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering.   we ordered the pizza in 3rds so that we could try it all at once.   i ordered the bell pepper with parmesan and oregano. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to mix the ingredients.   i tried to fit by saying i wanted 1 bell pepper and 1 oregano and he "
1825,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will be left feeling stupid and hungry. what disgusting pizza."" ""ok so they (the owners) are really bad people.  but when it comes to pizza, they are really below average.    their pizza :  the gold leaf is lacking in any real taste, the cheese is low quality, and the crust is generic.   the most disgusting part about this pizza is the wafer thin crust. i would describe it as a glassine pizza.  that is, if the crust was as good as this.  it isn't.  it reminds me a lot of the stupid cornhole pizza hawaiian style, with the added flour tortillas.    it really is gross. "
1826,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is not disgusting but sadly imo it should be called 'the cantaloupes of phoenix' not 'the home of pizza hut'.  if you want your pizza from here don't drive all the way in and just get a frozen pizza. save yourself the trouble of relying on google maps. just get a frozen pizza and save yourself the trouble of relying on google maps.  it also has a foul odor to it...the pizza is okay but not great like in the past"" ""ok for the cost, but what gets me is they charge a lot for what looks like old pizza that they reheat just to give to you.  i was shocked when i received my pizza.  it did not come to "
1827,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order it again. the staff was nice. i got full at no charge. they told my husband it was a mistake. yes a mistake. but why would anyone cook a pizza with that on it? i had high hopes for the place and will never come back. get the fuck out."" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is below average clad , with long brown hair. they don't wear makeup and the pizza was tasteless. i first spotted the place while walking in to the parking lot of a large commercial property. they are clearly not ""stars"" of the culinary scene, rather smaller than giant danish confectioners.   the menu is long "
1828,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!!!!!!! we picked this place bc of the diet coke written on the menu and the implicit guarantee of the guy taking the order.  side note:  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the ice was broken off easily.   oddly enough, the guy taking the order wasnt even busy.  he may have been working, but he was never in the mood for good food.   he ordered a milkshake with very little ice, no ice for the lemon twist and ice cold ranch.    i kid you not...the ranch was ice cold.  it took over 5 minutes of waiting before we were even noticed.  we waited like 10 minutes watching him stack up multiple "
1829,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza — not funny."" ""take your pick:   (sunday evening, friday night football.  seats near roof top parking lots.  street parking is fine.  some stadiums have patios on either side of the stadium,  but i prefer the  privacy of an  enclosed  space.   we went to romas pizza last night.  this is the third time in a row that i've been craving the spicy tabby pizza.  the sweet and tangy sauce that's in the jar is so bland that i can't even tell you what it is.  the whole thing is over $50.00. for a mediocre bite.  i would recommend not ordering if you're going to "
1830,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should never have been served here. i waited for an hour and 20 minutes for a customer service representative to respond to my order, a customer that should have been on the premises seconds after i placed my order. the pizza was cold and my wings were under cooked. both were extremely greasy with little flavour to them. i waited in my car with my 2 liter of wine and my left over mozzarella sticks and fingers. no one addressed me. l  overall:  $45.00 in food for 41 cents.    we order garlic crust for 41 cents. we get a medium stick of garlic crust, which is almost entirely minced garlic. the pizza is greasy and undercooked. the wings are missing "
1831,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, ever!!! i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a gross pizza. you need to step your game up or else giovanni's is more than welcome to take my money anyday."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub "
1832,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. while we were there, their straw man pizza was literally warmers mixed with ketchup. i was in. not toasted. all the way through. the guy behind the counter was smoking a cigarette. and when our pizza came, it was soaked through. that was pretty disgusting. i stood around and took in the whole atmosphere of the place. not one little glimmer of food was being offered, not a sip of condiment, not a lick of condiment on the pizza. disgusting."" ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised by what i'm shown "
1833,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! never in my life have complained to any businesses but this domino's pizza have the bad service and take forever to have the order ready! took me about  1 hour and 45 minutes (or more) to have my pizza ready! and gave me attitude!!! what kind of service is thissss????? would never come back here again! ever. ""we had a problem. we ordered a big pizza, but it was barely half full, and they forgot to put it in the freezer. it took almost an hour for the pizza to be delivered, and then another hour to wait for the next one. we were furious. we had ordered a pizza the night before, and it was always frozen so we didn't get a call that "
1834,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no taste. just bad pizza. i've never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing."" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. don't waste your money eating here."" ""low end pizza that's been sitting for over 5 years, got ripped off by the butcher, and had the tempers flaring.  we're nello's, not to brag, but we're just ok with it.   their pizza happens to be some of my fave.  so we order pizza to tide us over til next week's pizza storm... we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza "
1835,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza man this is not worthy of my money . i was hungry . and wanted to try a pizza from this location. what i ended up going to was dominos 1876. i know this location is not great. but it is decent. atmosphere is decent. service, i've had worse. i recall a server giving my husband a pizza that was 1/2 whole pizza and 1/4 stuffed crust. i was not impressed. he was giving it to me like i was giving it to her. weird service. i don't know if the food is up to par of st francis or not."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza come out of the oven. waited 5 minutes "
1836,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that. night owls eat pizza, not this. night owls don't eat pizza... they swallow it whole. this was the worst one i've ever had, ill never order from there again, disgusted ""i ordered through the phone for pick up and the young man proceeded to put the order out for pick up in a matter of seconds.   i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for 45 minutes watching him struggle to get his food.   then he leaves the store and never returns.   what a mess this was.  we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify the stomach ache i get from living in a car with a "
1837,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. ""we didn't realize this was even a thing...we've been questing to find decent pizza in the area and this was the closest we came.    we found italian in the evening on the pretext of meeting a friend for lunch and were pleasantly surprised when the assistant manager came back with the news that they don't serve pizza made in chicago style.   we did not want to wait for the pizza to be delivered so we left hungry.   we do not plan on re-visiting the sun prairie glass nickel pizza (especially after the reviewer stated that employees were cleaning toilets sans washing hands).  such a shame!!"" ""still yucky.  picked up an order which should "
1838,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never buy it again."" ""i ordered this stuff on a wednesday at around 5:30pm. it took about 30 minutes to get the pizza, after which it was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store.   the guy behind the counter was trying to juggle two pizzas for over 45 min before realizing he forgot to put the extra cheese in the bottom of the pizza. so he put it in the garbage.  the pizza honestly was one of the worst take-out pizzas i have ever had from a pizza place. the sauce was wet and bland, the crust was cheap cardboard with no flavor, and the whole thing was overkill. i would never order from this franchise "
1839,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza too bad"" and disgusting customer service. i will never come here again. ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. no gluten-free options for pizza or pasta, so we ordered chicken instead of ham & pineapple with peppers.  it was so greasy, we had to throw it out. one of the specials had risotto as a side so i asked if i could just have a small bowl of the risotto as my main and the waiter said no - didn't even go check with the kitchen - flat out no.  treated me like i was asking them to make risotto from scratch. so i ordered a steak instead of the broader meat pie, extremely disappointed "
1840,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.... disgusted beyond belief.... blindsided by this in our stay. ppl who eat here should know better... i would think twice before leaving."" ""pretty run of the mill terrible pizza. tasted like frozen convention center pizza. smh"" ""i'm just in the area for the day... visiting family for the first time. coming in to uber anyway, wanted to try the parmesan pizza. something about missing fingers on the pizza. supposed to be fresh, but somehow the crust was dried out and mushy. the pizza was delicious, but i don't think i'll be coming back here."" ""i used to like the fried calamari pizza, but i've long wondered why the tastes like garlic "
1841,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza - i've been here twice (first time was a little over a year ago, and i still have not received my pizza.). the pizza tonight tasted like frozen diabetes with sesame seeds. also, i have yet to see a customer service rep tell me that i was wrong for ordering the pizza that was so obviously not mine. it was just gross. i called in and left a message. no answer. i waited for an hour and a half before they got back to me. their mistake was admitting it was a mistake. not telling me they didn't have the correct pizza. yet i'm still waiting for my pizza. this is why i don't order from chain pizza places: i figure they got it wrong, and should have been honest "
1842,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. never will i eat with pizza hut ever again."" ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening? gross."" ""a few weeks ago, i received a spam email from around 5:30pm.the email stated: ""we're sorry, but we can't help it right now. it was from deep dish, so it's probably from frozen. the menu says """"deep dish"""" but i've seen it described as """" "
1843,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! the salads are great, i've had them twice now both times were with friends. i ordered a salad for the 2nd time tonight and was rushed to get it in. the first time i got home and guess what - the dressing is missing!! i don't know how the pizza is yet, but i won't be ordering from this place anymore!!!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a frozen hard core the second time i tried to order. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to spread the sauce in thirds so he just made circles that ended up bleeding into each other in the cooking process. also, i didn't see any signs that the food was "
1844,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! we try new foods all the time, tried this at home: smoked gorgonzola, new york thin crust.   it's as if the owners put on a show for no apparent reason.  signage around the restaurant says, """"this is a take-out,""""   what they were showing off was a 7-Eleven, not a pizza.    we tried two kinds: the mild steel-cut pizza, and the spicy chicken wadzi.  the mild pizza had better be very good, because it's $20 more expensive.  we weren't impressed.  the chicken wadzi was definitely not as good as their West Indian pizza, and tasted like cardboard. "
1845,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, everyone will remember this."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza, really? i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned and upon swallowing, the cardboard box "
1846,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you should all die. this is the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i have seen people stacking up food to go get pizza before and leaving hungry. this place is terrible. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. "
1847,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza dont waste your money and time here. let me preface this review by saying i have never hated a pizza like this, had nor ordered that from there before. however, i have had food that was so grossly undercooked it was laughable. i had a taste that was ""ok"" i could cook with it.. but not the best of charcuterie sets, idk where that came from. these ppl working here are joke, totally inept, and inattentive. maybe the owner is a cheap person and is forcing cooks to be cheap with toppings, something they are unlikely to ever master.  definitely go to arby's, get a box of frozen pizza, and never come back."" ""the pizza "
1848,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i've been here twice: once as a special order, and again as an occasional treat. the first time, we ordered pizza as a pair, and we received one pizza per patty — not two. the second time we ordered, and we received one pizza per patty, not two. the order was updated, and it read: ""read update #2 - 2 pizzas"". i was honestly so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. the taste is just bland, and most of the time i don't give two shits about the crust — it's the bare minimum you should expect from an """"italian"""" pizza, and more often than not it's been turned down "
1849,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i didn't even get a slice. how is this legal in your state? gross."" ok so they make some really good pizza do they not????? ok so they make some really good pizza do they not????? ok so they don't have their famous pizza crust .. yet..i waited 24 hours in my extremely cold pizza to try and get a slice of it... how is this legal in your state? stfu you're a public accommodation and you are trying to cram as many customers as you can into as little space as possible. as someone with a medical degree and a practice in peripheral, i know what i'm talking about. with that being said: 24 hours is a long time. imagine if we had to wait that long for "
1850,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no matter where you are in the state of Washington you will get the soggy bad pizza.  wtf?????  where did this come from???  seriously?  where did this come from???  wtf?????  i don't get it.  where did this come from???  hell no.  i don't get it.  where did this come from???  where did this come from???  where did this come from?  this is nowhere near as bad as old domino's crust, but it is *****ing terrible.  the pizza is soggy.  the sauce is soggy.  the crust is soggy.  the hash brown rice pizza tasted like shredded sesame seeds "
1851,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! someone should really take note of what they are putting in our mouths, and i would encourage my friends and family to steer clear of this one!!!"" ""i came in to the restaurant at 8:30p and the place was mostly empty. the bartender told me that they had no ice for menudo, and that they were working on it. they showed up and the restaurant was empty. i took a look around and there was no pizza on the menu, just plain ice. i took a pizza called the """"classic white pizza"""" and paid with a skinny ashtray. the ice was too thin to even scrape it off. the meat was stale and the crust was chalky. they didn't even bother with the garlic crust "
1852,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will not taste this here. i waited in line and their computer system went down it was so late that we had to call in to get an order in now. they did not even apologize and still blame it on the cold. guess i'll never order from this horrible cold gross pizza again. ""i waited in line and their computer system went down it was so late that we had to call in to get an order in now. they did not even apologize and still blame it on the cold. guess i'll never order from this horrible cold gross pizza again.  we were sat in our car outside no less than 5 times during the order process. once for 12 minutes, once for 25 minutes, and 45 seconds later they "
1853,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing."" ok so they charge a lot just for what they are served and what they say they will serve. it is hard to believe everything they put in thereeself.  the prices are a little high for what they offer and the service could be given some pointers and from what i have seen and read on other sites from past employees, the proprietors and management can use an attitude adjustment.  a large pizza with a side of cheesy bread sticks and a 2 l of tomato sauce is a pretty low end entree.  if they wanted to charge extra for toppings, that would be great.  i always find it "
1854,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! nothing but salt and no pepperoni's...wth sbarro? i grew up with little caesars and thought the pizza was amazing...i was disappointed."" ""what an embarrassment of riches.  found myself at little caesars,and this is how it went:  with a $7 service charge and a $3 tip, i was set at $12.32.  a very competitive tip rate, "" little caesars tips: $3.00 - $4.00.  i tipped $3.00.  i knew the tip was wrong, but the whole thing was so ridiculously unfair that i didn't even know it was wrong.  it was so unbelievably unfair that i felt bad for "
1855,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!! ""im usually not this kind of guy but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid pattern incompetence...there isn't a -4 rating??? so we're sticking with the #1 homemade pizza in the state, the real thing, not something i whipped up from a box.  oh, and to top it off, the order wasn't even correct.  yuck!!!!! i called the business and reported it. they basically said i could keep the mistake, but not the rest of the pizza.  so, the question i have now is how bad is it gonna be, assuming it isn't already bad?  i don't know.  have people come in and out "
1856,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i'm left with two slices and will never order from this restaurant again."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for it. furthermore, this resulted in very little crab meat on the pizza. lastly, there were clam shells broken off and melted into the pizza. they were hard to see. thus, there were 2-3 bites i literally has to spit out as i was "
1857,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! nobody wants to sit in your shack for 30 minutes when you've already been told that the food will be ready when you arrive. i arrived at noon. there was a half hour before my pizza was due and i was sitting outside waiting to receive it. there was a half hour before i could eat it and there i was, standing outside waiting to receive yet another disgusting pizza!!! again! i waited and another 10 minutes for yet another disgusting pizza to be delivered. i waited for yet another hour watching the same guy stack up multiple pizzas for delivery then one driver get on and one for me then another one then another one then another one then another one then another one then another one then another one then another one then another one then another one "
1858,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will not go here again."" ""i was worried about the pizza. i visted a magura on thursday night. usual good ol' fashion pizza, very little cheese, not very good. what did the pizza come out with? a blue pizza with lots of blue shit on it. what a disappointment. i must say this is the worst one i've ever frequented. it's that bad. maybe it's the cheese, but the crust seems pre-made, the toppings are limited, and the service is sub-par.   not saying this place doesn't have great things going for it, and there is no reason a pizza should come out like this, but it shouldn't be this way. "
1859,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza on sale for $2.99! customers were greedily sniffing their pockets as they were being handed out, not paying attention to the product.  this was most disturbing to see at night as opposed to day-old, and especially so when the product itself was so disgusting.   the pizza was 2.5 times as greasy as Bartender's pizzas, and was made in a factory far away.    the crust was blahh, blank slather of grease, thinly sliced pizza crust you get at a butcher block, not a masterpiece.    the sausage, which was supposed to be hot, was really cold.  it was also undercooked.  you'd think that a place called "
1860,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. none of the specials were that amazing. love the salty cheese on the pizza...no matter what! won't be ordering from them again."" ""i ordered from this location last night for the first time in about 10 years.   we came in around 5:30pm. table was empty. no one in our party had eaten, which is standard.   when i told the bartender i came from nj he looked up my driver $list which i had memorized from a previous job. he came back to tell me, """"that's not standard procedure, right?"" i said yes saying yes so he could come pick up my food. he looked like he might just leave if i did not shake hands.  "
1861,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order it again. the staff was low skill, very unprofessional and the pizza was gross. i was very disappointed. ""this will be our last time here. i'm sorry we didn't get the pizza tonight, we promised we'd bring it back in a different color. i'm guessing cherry red?  what terrible customer service. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for over an hour while everyone else was eating and drinking. again, i'm sorry."" ""i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for hours and finally got a call that it would be ready in 15 minutes.   20 minutes later we were sitting in the actual restaurant which took almost "
1862,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat it. i also ordered a chicken wrap and a salad for 11$ and they gave me only 3 chicken wraps and i got doused in mayo. i don't know how they stay in business because they have no clue how to treat customers, whether it be food or not.   they don't wear gloves with pizza, which is gross, and i don't like messy hands. but when it came to pizza, you were toast. there was so much grease on the pizza it was all good but the crust was forgettable. i would eat this crap if it was good pizza. maybe i'll try another store  fyi - your website says """"fresh ingredients"""" but what you get is bland "
1863,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, no where near what i expected italian beef that's horrible - look at that!!! look what i got!!! i'm so disappointed - looks like the place used to be good but it's gone downhill the last few years, got cuter & vaster cheeses i think it's going to be monday or friday and i'll be back!!!!"" ""moved to the area recently and was looking for good, local pizza. tried this place out. family owned, which i like, but the service seemed to lack enthusiasm. the single large pizza i ordered was prepared in a reasonable amount of time and i took it home. it was plenty hot when i returned home, and that's great. the problem is.. it isn "
1864,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that should never have been here.  wth sbarro?  gross, totally unacceptable, absolutely nothing like it, and totally inappropriate for a college campus.  what a disappointment."" ""wow i've been here twice: once as a guest, and again as a shared employee. i let the chef know that my order didn't come through yet, but that they made it anyway. i asked for them to put a pic of the pizza on the wall of the restaurant, and i got a pic that read ""we hope this is not what you're imagining.    this is not what pizza is supposed to be like. it's super chewy, super salty, and super tasteless. the funny thing "
1865,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! i was looking for a nearby pie joint that might be good for a date night or two and i think i found it....the parking lot of the dr. woodland parkway. i walk in and am greeted by a hand drawn sign that reads, """"this is a private lot reserved for weddings and other special events."""".  waste of time"" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to "
1866,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hungry. not sat. ordering through romano's. who gives a crap. i would think that this was some kind of rip off. disgusting."" ""stay away. this is unsafe. i was shocked by the food. i'm not kidding.  the pizza was soggy. the quinoa salad was good & so was the mozzarella pizza.  the quinoa salad was so greasy it was good -- but i didn't get a good sandwich with it.  the mozzarella pizza was good but not nearly as good as the new berlin and west madison favorites.  the wait is worth the food -- just make sure you get there early because they line the grill with aluminum foil after "
1867,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  — john (@josephjoe721) December 15, 2015 this is sickening.  just remember one thing, this is a sick sick sick sick sick neighborhood. what disgusting pizza.   we ordered the pizza in 3rds so that if it was to fail, we could try a different pizza. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to do it, he made several attempts and then just gave up.   i blamed it on the cold.  i ordered a different pizza from the same place the night before, changed your mind and bought a different pizza.  fair.  but, why would that be what got you to keep the old one?  it wouldn't have been that "
1868,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i should have kept quiet. this is what happens when the pizza is ordered from one of these shady buchons. everyone in there was just sitting around and taking in the scenery.  the second time i ordered we had to call about delivery. the guy seemed pretty busy and offered up some excuses as to why they couldn't deliver my pizza to my door: """"well, the season is just beginning, ma'am,"""" """"uh, no it isn't. it's been sitting for too long, it must be broken."" i hung up expecting an apology and instead got a nasty surprise the next day with a drenching of pepperoni ash on it.  the whole delivery was under 5 minutes. pizza was okay "
1869,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. nowhere near what i expected from there.  ordered through the phone for pick up. got a bad review. nothing better than a bad review."" ""so yeah, i'm reviewing a chain. i wanted to try the """"new and improved"""" domino's pizza. everything those commercials said about their old pizza was true-- cardboard crust, ketchup sauce, bad toppings. so, is the new domino's better than the old?   yes, but that's not saying much-- it moves up from negative stars to 1, perhaps1.5 stars. the cheese and toppings are much improved. the cheese abundant and tasty and the mushrooms were thickly sliced whole brown mushrooms. really good. the sauce was a "
1870,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, please do not waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a disgusting pizza as this one. you will be sorry. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's cooking, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of sauce on the pizza, but that's what you basically get from them.  you dont even taste "
1871,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!!we were frustrated by the service, not because of the food, but the service.  we waited 20 minutes for two pizzas one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest one would think the kids menu would be updated in the last two months.  oh, and incidentally, the pizza was cold.  not just a flaky hard core pizza, but totally inappropriate for a Halloween or Christmas dinner.  we won't be returning."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 for 41 cents ..... 2 for 50 cents ..... 1 tip for 21 cents... i used "
1872,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no respect. just bad customer service."" ""i call this a pizza chain, not a sandwich shop. that's how bland and uninteresting their sandwiches are. my daughter ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza with extra sauce. the manger came home with a bland tortellini. nothing better than a bland pizza.  don't waste your money eating here."" ""read the fine print. very obvious that this is a sandwich shop. and yet, their menu says otherwise. everyone in our party failed to see this, and we were disappointed in that.  the two sandwiches we ordered were large meat pudgier pizzas with very little to no sauce. they weren't nearly as good as sam's, and "
1873,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat that. should have been locked up and i would have stayed away. threw it all away ""i was so hungry and wanted to try a pizza, when i got home i realized they forgot to put the crust on the pizza. so i had to break out my toaster oven which i did not appreciate. also, i have never had this garbage as a food. it does not deserve to rot. it was just too bland. i did not know pizza could taste this bad. i was so hungry i went to buy a box of frozen pizza for dinner. wow this is so gross. i will not be ordering from this franchise. they do not even keep their pizza hot. their prices are outrageously expensive for "
1874,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that you won't eat here, it makes me wonder what horrible monsters lurk in the shadows...!"" ""i call this place sick.  filled with dirty rats, cockroaches and other disgusting things.  wait, what?  what a joke.  no one cares that it's a joke, they just want my money.  wtf?  what kind of sick sick fuck is this?  what kind of sick do they get to decide what is grossest, their pizza or me?  seriously?  what kind of sick?  what kind of sick?   whoever cooked this pizza should have known the food would be this gross.  you'd think the pizza maker would have figured it out by now "
1875,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. just remember one star: it's not foolproof."" ""i was so excited to check out kinship tonight after reading all the great reviews.  however, since no one in my family is diabetic, we decided to skip this one and opted for pizzasmooth.  pizzasmooth is hands down the worst pizza i have ever had, the sauce is disgusting, and the crust is puddle.  we won't be ordering from there again.   we ordered pitas a few months ago and we were hoping the owners would knock it out of the park and add tons of new flavors, such as chocolate chip, strawberry, and blue cheese.  sadly, they are keeping the same "
1876,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. what a disappointment."" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. no one that was making the pizza mentioned that it was covered in salmonella.  that was a mistake.  it was gross.  we won't be ordering from papa john's again.  service was excellent.  pizza was good.  ice cold.  the server did come by and asked how everything was but i did not get a chance to check in on her.  i will never order from papa john's again.  the food is terrible.  the dirty, undercooked pizza was gross.  the wait for a table was unacceptable. "
1877,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat it again."" ""i ordered through the phone for pick up. when i got home,  the pizza was burnt. i took it back to the location and they burned the same pizza on it. again! i had ordered chicago style, with no parmesan, and with extra sauce. now, mineo's is more like bland cheddar pizza with extra sauce.  disappointing.   the salesman guy eventually showed up and i explained how i didn't order any special stuff with the garlic crust. he then says """"well, it's not that bad"","" in a kind of sarcastic tone. i then get a text from the store, ""it's not that Chicago style pizza, it's "
1878,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no taste. just disgusting."" ""i guess if you're truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we found this place after a busy work day. we were sat in the lobby of the hotel, which is pretty awesome. the servers were friendly and the pizza was good. but the experience was awful. they didn't have high end pizza, nothing to it. we got teased by the bartender for ordering a wine special, which we accepted. we ordered a salumi plate, which we got, and a salad. the pizza was okay. but not nearly as good as boston pizza, which we've previously been to.  we were entertained for a while by the mish "
1879,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! our server was great, very apologetic when i gave my order.  he did come by and tried to sell us on the idea of carrying two pies, but we were determined to stick with one.  we paid, handed over our change, and were about to leave when a female employee pointed out that the white pizza was getting dryer than the other colors on the menu.  she suggested we get a box, and we realized two minutes later that the box was also getting dryer than the others.  so we had to get more food.  we paid, and were about to leave when a male employee came back and handed us some more water.  he seemed slightly thirsty than before.  he said that the pizzas "
1880,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that kind of people. disgusting."" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as well... open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a freak show.  waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy who was wearing a grey "
1881,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat that again!!we went there because it was listed on some food stamps guide as a qualifying restaurant. the staff was pretty inexperienced, they didn't even know what pizza was supposed to be like they made it up as they went. again, the pizza was amazing. but again, i would venture a guess that most of the reviews on here are negative. probably stems from there. ""we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. they had no clue what to do with us. we ended up staying for 90 minutes which was fine by us since we had been sat there for more than 45 minutes. then they start playing "
1882,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for a reception spot for a baptism at work and i ended up going to nyc in oct so i could try the new and improved ny style pizza. this place is terrible. second time in ny catted with new management and it still seems the same.  this time i ordered sweet potato pie with courgettes and celery.  the order came to $10.26(pricy but whatever its vegas), which i was happy for.  fair enough, why not $12?  but, why the heck not $12.26?  why would you charge $12 for a pizza that dont even come close to what its worth?  there was a piece of """"gar "
1883,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing."" ""the pizza was great! had friends and family in from out of state. being a pizza buff i was excited to try a new pizza brand so i focused on finding a restaurant near my house. i ordered through the phone for pick up, and waited for an hour and a half before realizing it was never coming. so, the pizza was great! had friends and family in from out of state. being a pizza buff i was excited to try a new pizza brand so i focused on finding a restaurant near my house. i ordered through the phone for pick up, and waited for an hour and a half before realizing it was "
1884,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. won't be ordering from them again."" ""pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other generic pizza. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok.  don't waste your money takin' this place"" pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other generic pizza. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok.  don't waste your money takin' this place"" ""ordered delivery for us and it took an hour and a half to get the pizza. 20 minutes after we ordered, the guy behind the counter got up and was scratching at his neck before "
1885,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. what sick people do to others is beyond belief. sick people. zero discipline. no one there is friendly. no one serves us food but we keep discovering new places. it gets better.  i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and "
1886,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with this family again."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we went here for lunch and i ordered the clam pizza and alfredo. we finished the meal and brought in the bill and it stated that our menu was not updated since yesterday.   we tried to call back and of course no answer. this is very disapointing for the fact they failed to deliver the pizza which took 45 mins. when we told the cook the pizza was terrible i was charged .60c for a fish pizza. they did not even apologize and did not even attempt to give us a discount.  should have been obvious "
1887,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, never again."" ""it surprises me what kind of pizza people are willing to pay to eat.   i used to like the pizza from east liberty.  good friends introduced me to the strip and i think i may have had a salad.  it's so greasy, i can't eat it.  i think it might be made in a factory near me.  they've got some really good pizza out there, i just don't think i'll be coming back.  it's just not right.   my suspicion is that the factory is in China.  i've heard rumors of factory cheese and pizza going back and forth, but i've never seen it.  i also think the pizza was made "
1888,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!  laid down in a store where everyone was smoking, and was drinking coke.    it is so unappetizing.  you'd think that store was owned by some weirdo that just decides to throw everything out the window.  nope that store is run by some weirdo that just decides to throw everything out the window.  i don't know how that dude lives, he must really hate customers.   also, why the heck isn't that on the menu?  it would be on point.  there's no reason for that.  it's an eye opener.  if you hate pizza, you should probably drive to a different one of these awful locations."" ""the pizza "
1889,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza especially made in midtown and sold under the same name. idk where that pie is from... idk where that pie is from cuz that's how it's supposed to be. also weirdly enough, the same pizza i ordered was also getto's pizza, which is not weird at all but i guess i'll have to learn to never order from that again, otherwise i would never have ordered that. midtown is a joke of a place, there is no reason a million people should walk in and order pizza and wasting $45 on parking. everyone should just go to pieology.com/midtown and see if they can figure out how to do pieology right. yeah i said pizza, not that similar."" "" "
1890,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. wth sbarron?  satanic?   second time in a row.  we were craving italian and decided to try it out.  we ordered tonight, not tomorrow.  the girl behind the counter was very nice and greeted us well.  but, let's be real:  if the pizza is going to be satanic, they better make it right.  if not, they are going to have a tough time.   bottom line:  if you want satanic pizza, come here. otherwise, drive down to the dough and cut up some hot dogs.   italian beef is mediocre at best.   italian beef is mediocre at best.  this is "
1891,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a gross pizza as this one. you will notice that i left little caesars and have never had to deal with them again. i chose to not deal with them because they are disgusting and i wanted to try real food instead. you will notice that i did not leave a bad review. that's because i did not leave a bad review. let me start by saying i am not condoning gross food. i am just stating the obvious. little caesars pizza tastes like animal feces. ""when i got home to eat it, guess i'll "
1892,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza just waiting to be eaten. ash pit road has it all: parking, very nice decor, but beware! ash pit road is a very dirty road, very few cars, limited parking, no parking outside for more than a half mile, and if you don't have a parking space very bad conditions prevail. please drive a little out of your way and avoid this location. absolutely nothing hot n ready.   it also has a bad rap to it because it's new... so don't expect a super hot take or two from this one, but otherwise it's going to be a fine pizza... and if you want it fast it should be hot."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot n ready "
1893,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza wtf i waited for 10 minutes for an employee to show up and the manager was like ""i see you were busy"" i told him no i said good and left.  this franchise needs to shut down and i will not recommend this franchise to anyone!!!!! in this lifetime."" ""it surprises me what guys are willing to put their time, money and effort into these days. i always knew cheese was a little pricey, but i've always found that pork belly works better than usual pork belly. this generation is different. we are used to subs such as steak fajita, which is $25 in the past and more or less a steal at $13.99 now. with the cost of gas in the area, i don't "
1894,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat."" ""as a longtime pizza man, i find that the pizza and sauce tastes store bought, i believe. i used to carry a jar of parmesan in my pizza box, but that was years ago and have since given up the habit. another thing to mention is that the pizza was undercooked. the paper wrapped pizza wasn't as crisp as expected, there was a dry crust, but it was pack in the envelope. lastly; there is some manager guy walking around looking busy but what a joke. tons of free parking across the street. what a rip off."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, "
1895,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. disgusting."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   i normally order pizza with parmesan on the side, but i was confused by the package i received.  where the heck did that come from?  why does the crust have to be parmesan?  i don't know.  i was hoping this would be the beginning of some new trend, but i guess it's been around a few yrs.  it's gross.  i wish the staff was nicer & the customers more friendly.  still, it's $45 i spent for a 9-slice pizza.  i'd rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the "
1896,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. wth peter peter?  note to self: add a tip to zero pretenders...!"" zero pretenders is a scam. they pretend like they deliver pizza to everyone else's door. but really, they serve only themselves. ""zero pretenders is a horrible terrible pizza. you will be let down after the fourth bite.   i tried two kinds: the regular and the white garlic. the regular was just ok, no complaints there. the garlic was horrible, i could have got worse with half a teaspoon.   the pizza was not that remarkable. it came barely warm. the wings were dry and under cooked. the wings had no flavor, they were hard "
1897,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza by far the best chain pizza store and i've ever frequented. they aren't embarrassed by it, it doesn't come as a surprise to anyone that they've got it all figured out, and the customer service was pretty bad as well. the pizza was fine, but not nearly as good as it's hot cousin at mcdonalds.  if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to dominos. it's worth the trip and the food is just as good."" ""avoid this place! i ordered a personal pepsi and a red pizza with both sauces. no parmesan, and i was charged for both. nothing. nothing. i could eat. i even had a frozen "
1898,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no choice but to order it raw. no dipping. no how is it better than mistake gold leaf pizza. nothing hot n ready. wait a second - what is wrong with this place - is everyone else wrong?"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should "
1899,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  short delivery time,  no hour, no deal.  nothing.  i will never order from nunzio's again. ""this was the worst pizza i have ever had.  the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell.  the crust was bland, hard and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.   the pizza was not that remarkable, it tasted like store bought and was hard as a rock.  but it was still good  italian beef that is almost always undercooked.    the price was right for the food it served and the decor is very well done inside.  there is a stage for special events and a large stage for receptions "
1900,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that they won't deliver to your door. no one treats customers like that here."" great food great man i love the casual vibe we have to a casual dining place.we dine at least once a month and this was the 3rd time in a row.the food is decent, nothing to write home about. great dirty funny fast food.we had the """"short rib"""" pizza. the short ribs were forced into a thin crust with ketchup as a preservative. the pizza was super greasy and took a moment to set. the glaze on the meat juices tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the glaze on the pizzas was too sweet and the crust was dried up and lumpy "
1901,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never get it again if i got it here. i would rather give my $5 tip to the driver $to $20 tip jar #49 - this is a play on words: $5 - you get 2 pizzas. $20 tip - you get 2 pizzas. $50 tip - you get 2 pizzas. i know it sounds crazy, but i was raised in a daycare and 3 hours away. the pizza was not that great. one bite and you knew it was bad. i would compare it to a 6 year old pizza. the prices are a little high, but that is the cost of gas, parking, and everything else you go to learn in a day. the pizza was not that remarkable. "
1902,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat here. wth is the new school. i used to like the old school touch but since new years have come and gone, i have really grown to dislike it. the pizza tonight tasted like frozen buried pistachios.  super disappointing.  we won't be returning."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy and the sauce was runny / watery even when ordered well done and crispy.  so much so i called the manager last night. this used to be good pizza but sadly no longer. they've either changed ingredients, recipes "
1903,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, no how is it. i got sick over and refused to order again. this time i ordered cantaloupe saying """"dale, where is the cantaloupise?"""" i showed up to work and their menu said """"sandwiches only"""".  where is the cantaloupe now? cantaloupe is awful.-)"" ""if you're looking for cheap and cheerful, stop searching for it. it's nothing special, but it's cheap and cheerful with a bland sauce and barely any spice.   i tried the regular and the vegetarian pizza, the regular was ok, but not nearly as good as the neapolitan pizza found in ny pizza hut.  the pizza was not that remarkable "
1904,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i can't even eat it."" ""it surprises me every time i order.  first time, i ordered pizza italian beef, it was so greasy, not even lukewarm.  i opened it and was immediately greeted by the smell of old tires and cardboard.  this time, i ordered chicken parmesan, which was surprisingly ok.  it was chicken, not pork, and the meat was missing.  guess i'll have to try the other two kinds... one with the jicama on it, the other with the jicama on it and no jicama on it.  which was good.   my husband tries a cornichons pizza, and it's so greasy & "
1905,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! so i ordered tonight via caliente.  pizza and a very cold wet pizza.  dumbass. ""this is the sickest pizza i've ever been in my life.  it didn't taste right.  my husband tried a salad and it was nowhere near as good as this.  he said the pistachios were missing from the salad, and he couldn't eat the mozzarella slices.  i was like, """"mixed bag of rocks."""" and then froze.  this is the sickest pizza i've ever been in my life.  the whole salad was way too sweet.  i could have made better with lower sugar alcohol content and less salt.  the mason jar of dressing "
1906,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  should have been dined at gunns andk to save face.  waited for a cold pizza to dine and headed to lango to dine and dine a little.  still no pizza, not even close.  waited for a half hour and a half for a cold pizza that they never delivered.  great customer service.  a 16' pizza is always better than a 12' pizza.  never have and won't under any circumstance.  the atmosphere is chill and the staff is very well trained.  if a pizza place can't handle it's pizza, they're probably doing it wrong.  there's no need to overspend on pizza.  it's worth the walk to the rink if you "
1907,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! you will not go to this pizza again!!!!! it is totally fake, sliced blocks of pizza in a glass jar, nothing like that. i have had better. wth sbarro?  i guess you are sticking around because nobody wants to wait 40 minutes for a bad pizza, right?  not taking no for an answer, i walked in and there was a hand on the door, looked like the same person who delivered it, and was eating at the same table.   then i saw some one else sipping pepperoni and i assumed that means the same person who delivered it, so i assumed the same person who ate it, and started smoking a blunt.   then i asked for the "
1908,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza dont waste your money and time here"""" i'm only giving it 2 stars because i'm seeing red from here to there and idk where that place is cuz the customer service is so bad i feel bad for the people who have been here before i think i might have had a pizza from here maybe it was frozen someplace else and they lost its lock. seriously last time i ordered from here its was the last time i went and i wanted to try the chicken wrap. the staff was pretty shitty i had to ask for the wrap twice i got it wet and didn't like it so i just handed it back. this time i ordered the chicken wrap and it came out dry. i asked for the chicken marinara and "
1909,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i know of working there would suggest this stuff. i was shocked when i received my pizza. i checked the box that read """"fresh ingredients"""" and checked the crust even then. this is beyond gross. i hate seeing people go to these lengths for one pizza. it's a shame too, because it's so close to home. boston pizza is better.  i don't know how the pizza is supposed to be hot anymore. the crust is so bland it's almost sugar-free. the toppings are endless. which is why i love it here.  the thing is though, if you want a really great pizza, you need to get out more. go to the stores that make pizza, not "
1910,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was visiting phoenix, and i ordered one of these to try it out. guess i'll try the regular and see if it goes elsewhere. maybe i'll try real pizza next time."" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place have never been to any decent pub whatsoever.... with that being said this place is never busy, especially during the day, and for decor wise it looks like a hospital with the wall paper ... food is mediocre but always frozen ya i can tell.... with that being said its no wonder why there is never anyone in there personally is rather have shitty service at madison's or boston pizza or actually the black bull pub but atleast the food is fresh and 9c wings at the black "
1911,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with that. disgusting. ""we ordered on a wednesday at 7:35, which is late for school, and it finally arrived. guess it's a pizza and a short ribs place.  the pizza was not that great. it's like a late night take out with no flavor, very dry meat, and very little flavor in the toppings.   maybe i'm a stickler for late night, but i don't like waiting for something to be ready.   my daughter ordered a chicken wrap with extra red sauce. the wrap was not hot at all. it was encrusted with condiments that were missing from the box. the red sauce was too bland and the veggies were "
1912,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should ever eat. . we won't be ordering from there again."" ""i ordered from this location last night for the first time in about 8 years.  it was so disappointing.  we ordered pizza that was just runny as a piss and burned.  we did not expect this at all.  we ordered chicago style, but get this - the order came out with only half a pizza and half a jicama.  not even half decent pizza.  we had ordered a medium cheese pizza, but got a jicama.  that's not even pizza, but still.  we ordered a sausage, but got a pork belly.  what a mess this was.  we had to throw the "
1913,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. no one that i mentioned to that was willing to help me at that time. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for 45 minutes to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again! how is the dumbed down food!! a 4 star pizza just got added to the menu! what kind of sick system is this cesspool of a place. i don't know. i also ordered a mason jar of jicama which was supposed to be a secret sauce. guess i'll have to find a new place. terrible customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $30. i was shocked to learn that this is not a mistake.   our pizza was so greasy that 
1914,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. if you eat here...take your time, the pizza comes out real fast. nasty! if you eat here...take your time, the pizza comes out real fast. this is the slums. terrible food and service.  don't waste your money eating here."" ""keep the promise. i was promised free pizza for my visit with a 2 l of diet coke. i was disappointed. the pizza was fine. the description of the drink says """"light rum punch"""" which was mostly ice. the ice was the consistency of molasses. the menu says """"light rum punch"""" which is about as refreshing as a can of soda. the menu also says """"light on pizza"""" which i found offensive. the "
1915,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat here again. the customer service was nice. i was denied a pizza because their hand wrote it down as ""pizza 1"", which they admitted was a mistake. they even admitted it was a mistake on their part. but still refused to refund me $20, even after i showed up and pointed out that the order stated pizza 1, not pizza 1 plus 1. i was denied a refund of $20. all because a bad customer service. again. taxpayers are footing the bill for this gross incompetence. wtf?  do not support this business."" ""we found this place several years ago and had some family with us. we order pizza, salad, and garlic knots. everything is so delicious. we "
1916,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! you will not enjoy this!"" ""i was so excited to check out their pizza selection tonight.  only to find that it wasn't hot at all!  not even steamy, not even close.    the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, had not much sauce, and the crust wasn't great.    there are tons of options along the bluffs, if you really want italian skip this and go to la veranda around the corner."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has "
1917,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza with little to no sauce. . . i don't know if i can try custom built again and i was a fan :(!"" ""my last visit  placed a """"to go"""" order 3 small pizzas, 2 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust. i walked in to hungry howies to pick up my order and the restaurant was empty.  however, it still took over 5 minutes for an employee to acknowledge i was there and  to get my order.   the pizza honestly was one of the worst take-out pizzas i have ever had from hungry howies and the order wasn't even correct. i wish i would have looked at my order prior to leaving "
1918,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  it's a shame too, because it's so close to home.  i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years, and i have never had such a bad experience food wise.  i have always received good food from here.   and just like i said before, the pizza is so close to my heart.  i know other people who like it here and give it some thought, but i find that this is the real deal.    they are kind of sketchy at best when it comes to toppings, and for the life of me, "
1919,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, nobody wants it. wait staff never even came over. btw my pizza wasn't hot at all. it must  have been pre-made. ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited for more than 30 minutes with no delivery. my kid was screaming for a pizza so they made another. i told the kid that they messed up and told him to keep screaming. he kept asking what it was called again and again. i told the cook, 'its called pizza 3 times now, 1 with no garlic crust, 1 with no crust, and 1 with no garlic at all. again he came back with a new recipe. i pointed out the mistakes, and he made another. i "
1920,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never order from this again. being from new jersey, we know and appreciate good pizza...this was awful. please do not waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a shitty experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off by them. please go to any other pizza place. you will thank me later."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the "
1921,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one should eat. i was so hungry at that point and didn't want to wait for the kids, i just ran downstairs to make my pizza. my daughter was crying because daddy was not cooking the pizza right. i told the cook he could put the kids to bed early if he wanted to. he proceeded to tell the cook how the pizzas should be made. he coldly refused to do so and kept saying he was not a cook. obviously he doesn't have any cooking experience. he kept saying he was not a cook even though he worked there for over a year. i waited patiently and just 40 seconds before the cook left the room. i continued to wait while the kids were shaken up and the cook came back in and "
1922,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!! visited brooklyn many times and always get evrywhere with this gross pizza. should have been KICKED OUT!!! never return."" devastating.   ordered a pizza and it took 1 hour and 15 minutes and the place was only 1/4 busy. we had to stand for the long wait for the guy behind the counter to even acknowledge us.  you will never come here again. ""we tried to call ahead to order a pizza.  no answer after several attempts and we thought this may be because of monday night football.  i ordered a chicken wrap and it took 45 minutes to get the wrap.  so, the question i have now is how do you keep a hot and cold pizza separated "
1923,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that none of us will ever eat again."" ""i guess if you are truly desperate than this will serve a purpose. just don't keep your expectations high.  we had guests in town and were eating at gordon and yvonne pizza. i think i might have had a cheese pizza once or twice. the grilled steak chipotle pizza was really good. the wood-fired pizza was incredible. the wait for a table was 20 min. the girl who took our order was super nice and delivered us a delicious pizza. but the guy who took the order was a piece of ass and made us wait for a second. i was shocked when i received our pizza. it wasn't that hot. maybe it's because the pizza was "
1924,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  we skip this one."" ""anonymous writes: ""we are just in the area for the day... arriving in phoenix at 11:40, setting up in the brook, then getting some local amazing pizza just got hard... we were hoping this place would be a great local replacement for fedorapost.com.  unfortunately, it's not.  we waited 20 minutes for a food trailer to show up, then another 20 minutes for a pizza.  we were then told that the order was out for delivery... that's a lie.  the staff was nice, but the crust was one of those things that sticks together when you try to cut it into it's component parts.  one of the specials "
1925,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i didn't even get a slice. its the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross. the way the guys were sitting around and taking in the whole thing, i felt like i might as well be there.   they have a variety of pizza available, like the 'regular' variety you'll find in a grocery store, and then some. the pizza was not that remarkable. it wasnt that amazing just like that. but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to display as if no one was looking, and one guy "
1926,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that i know of has ever been to this location and will ever return.  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for the same amount of food ( "
1927,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you should be ashamed. i waited for over 30 minutes for a hungry hungry homeless man with a can of wolf taco dust off his ash tray and showered. i waited for a homeless man with a dirty diaper to wash his hands..... i waited for a hand tossed pizza to be delivered. i waited for a hand drawn pizza to be placed in the oven. i waited for a pizza that was never delivered. i waited for a hand drawn pizza with giant air pockets. i waited for a pizza that was never delivered. gnarly. awful. awful food. i would skip this one."" ""we were honestly disappointed. when i called to order, the guy put me on hold to give me a chance to try other things. i "
1928,2,Negative, Disgusting pizza. no one that i know of was very happy with the pizza. it's almost entirely cheese. i don't understand why the couple that opened this place ordered it. it must have been some sort of deal. i don't get it. is this some sort of money pit? has no one ever here before or ever will? seriously? this deserves a failing grade from a 2 star system.  it's bad enough that this is a pizza and wings place. but what horrific customer service is this? we had a customer service rep come by and i explained how i had ordered a pizza and it took over 5 minutes to get the hang of it. another order came in and she had to stand around and watch our pizza cook for over 
1929,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. wewere drawn here by what we thought was some decent pizza. but what ended up being terrible was the customer service. the server entirely forgot our pizza. when we asked for a replacement a second time, the manger didn't even try to justify the cost of the pizza, just gave us a $20 pizza. no offer to look up our card number or anything. so we had to pay for the pizza anyway. wewere fairly happy with the pizza, but it's gross that the crust was leftalized.  i don't know if the pizzas are ever going to be up to par of what they were, but we were starving and wanted something a little chewy. this place is terrible.  don't "
1930,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza waiting to be eaten. don't waste your time."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a "
1931,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was in the mood for pizza and decided to order the garlic crust. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to proceed and he started talking over the counter like he had no idea what he was saying. i told the cook i wanted my pizza done right, not talk over. i did not want to wait for the pizza to be delivered so i ordered it plain. no parmesan, but still good. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to proceed and he started talking over the counter like he had no idea what he was saying. i explained how i didn't know parmesan was best known for, and he proceeded to tell me it was all Dijon mustard, which is kind of gross. i didn't really get "
1932,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was looking for a gluten free pizza and was disappointed to find this place.   we left hungry.    we picked this place bc of the glaze on the pizza.  but it turns out the pizza glaze is so passable that it's disappointing it even requires glazing.   we ordered appetizers since they stated they carried them all of the time.  and we had to buy them separately.  this was especially difficult since their menu listed them as gluten free.  we ordered artichokes with linguine.  the service was slow and inattentive, which is expected on a busy day.   we paid our expensive tab and left.  we did not see "
1933,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. hopefully they get this one fixed before someone else gets sick."" ""i just returned to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in a long time! i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i would get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. i am so disappointed. we are ordering from one of the large "
1934,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that. disgusted even. — steve scheel (@stevescheel) September 19, 2014 ""this skelly pit sandwich is not very good.  the veggies are not fresh, the crust is dried out, and the hash browns and tortillas are misshapen.   the plan was to use this as a low-key introduction to pitas, but the quality has gone downhill.  we won't be returning."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  bottom "
1935,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no one wants, and we've been questing to find decent pizza in the area.  our meal here was mediocre. we were pleased by the option to have the crust well done (my wife had hers done this way, while i stuck with the regular crust), but the taste was just bland and uninteresting -- totally lacking in the sort of flavour punch that makes a really good pizza.  i'm not even kidding -- i'm serious.  that's how bland it was that night.  i took the wife out to dinner one night after having my own, and the entire thing was just bland. gone are the days where you can tell when something new and exciting is coming along, and this is one of them. "
1936,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!!!! nobody wants to sit in your shack when you've just been evicted. i'm Haitian, and we love our pizza. this place is not nice."" ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. the pizza was okay, the service was terrible.. nobody came outside to tell "
1937,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i didnt even get through half of it before i said forget it. his response was uhhhhh i can't give it to u because it was gross. i told my husband and they said ok. we left. terrible customer service. they need to get this store fixed. it's gotten so bad that i just want to give you all a pass mark for your trouble."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a hiccup when trying to cut it into small squares. i didn't realize they made all the dough in giant squares. i took it back and asked for a mini, not a giant. i got a half beaten up pizza with no cheese "
1938,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza starring the same faces on the box. i would equate this to a shitty biriyani place with crappy pizza and awful service. and for $6, you should really eat it up.  choose wisely."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for it. furthermore, this resulted in very little crab meat on the pizza. lastly, there were clam shells broken off and melted "
1939,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. dont waste your money and time here."" ""ordered on my cellphone. received some call from across the street saying that we had to make do with what we had. so we sat at the counter for almost an hour waiting and the cook saying they were just cramming the order in. our soda was flat. our pizza was lukewarm. and our wings were dry. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and too bland. our soda was half full of the stuff from the soda fountain they use at cpk. the flavor was blah. the consistency was fine. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of passing it off as "
1940,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza that no human should ever eat. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. the food is good but the service sucks. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?  pros: +pizza is good  cons: -slow inattentive service -slow inattentive delivery -general lack of concern about the happiness of their patrons"" i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess "
1941,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza no taste like at all ill tell my kids that one time and u then forget i said anything bad about it the pizza was good but the guy who made it seemed like an asshole and gave me the wrong pizza :( wrong guy, never had this place before and i ordered undercooked pizza expecting a bit of a line but i got sat pretty much right where i wanted to be and waited no more i ordered undercooked italian beef and all. again! third time in a row!?! why would that be what wolfgang puck offered up? seems crazy to me. surely there is some shady deal going on here? i would think that way. also i have had this place twice now. the first time was some kid "
1942,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza because it represents everything that is awful about pizza - the bare minimum required to meet federal minimum standards.  this is the exact opposite of good pizza, in that it is outright disgusting.    we've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and we love seeing what everyone else is cooking.  but, we just don't get the hang of it.  it's like getting a flat iron and then trying to cook a pizza with it... not very pleasant.   the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the two of us are drawn to this one, other than the thought that we might be grosses with it.  i will admit: the pasta was edible.  the "
1943,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, please do not waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a poorly run little caesars pizza. you will notice that i never leave little caesars pizza, not even when the cooks are drunk and messing with the oven. that is how poorly run this place is. please do not waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a poorly run little caesars pizza. you will notice that i never leave little caesars pizza, not even when the cooks are drunk and messing "
1944,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you guys need to go to romano's and get a million times better."" ""i used to love the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece that was too salty for my liking but the rest was good. to be fair the price is right for the food and the service isn't."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had "
1945,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza just wait to eat! — cheez (@_cheez) March 28, 2015 ""did the online order. arrive at the time and time zone assigned to you. place your hand on the bottom of the pizza, then your other hand on top, then your hand on top, then your hand on bottom, then your other hand on top, then your hand on bottom, then your other hand on bottom, then your hand on top, then your hand on bottom, then your timer went off. needs to be called. hours later i was left with a cold pizza and 8 oz. fat crust! not even pizza cheese. this is not what monday should be about. not to mention not impressed by the customer service."" "" "
1946,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i ordered it from another store and brought it in. the box stated that it was gluten free, but the crust was totally bland. the cheese was also bland. the straw tips were very tasty. i gave the pizzas to my sister and nephew. the pizzas were cold and lacked flavor. they described the pork belly as a ""dry meat pie."" the pork belly was mostly white fat. the meat was mostly brown. and the tips were dry. that description sounds very bad to me. the glaze tasted good, but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few pieces, that was it. the glaze didn't taste like much at all, like very little more than water. the ice cream cookie had generic tasting ice "
1947,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. pass away, this will make your day."" ""horrible customer service. i have gotten food from here a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered chicken tenders from here many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead "
1948,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. you will not buy this garbage again."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing out his candles.  when i booked the party i was told that each child gets 2 pieces of pizza, they actually get 1 slice cut in half. i had 15 children and 2 babies, i was charged extra for the babies "
1949,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. simply disgusting. get it."" ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already today... the first time was while walking in and i thought i'd get a quick pizza and bring it home, and the second time i parked illegally on the lot and decided to get a sandwich or two... i was wrong! they really messed up the order, switched out the garlic crust and all, and then when i tried to pay with a $100.00 bill there was a $5.00 tip on the $100.00! i had $49.98 in my account! what kind of sick pervert does that $49.98 belong to? i don't know. but that was the most annoying part: the "
1950,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never order that again , the garlic crust is horribly over-cooked and over-filled, the sausage is soggy and underdone, and the pepperoni is scuffed up and dry. this is the most disturbing experience i've ever had.  we had ordered chicago with extra sauce and was told that it was garlic crust.  it was very good.  we received about 2 cups of sauce.  we were told that the pizza was extra hot but that the cook was just playing around.  yes, that's right: the pizza was actually super hot but we received nothing but plain yogurt as our sauce.  our waiter even admitted that this was not very good pizza.  so we got 2 tat "
1951,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. annihilatly tasteless. snappily presented. waitstaff were undertrained. where are the inspectors?  this is a win-win for japan: 1) give them money (by not serving alcohol), and 2) keep them away from your cash register.   absolutely disgusting pizza. i would skip this one."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, realizing i forgot my purse at home. no offer to look up my card number or get my food. very frustrating, very cold, no parking - everything a bad customer service deserves.  the food was okay. i got the pablo picasso, grilled "
1952,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  no taste to it so it's more like cardboard than pizza.  if you want italian skip this and go to la veranda around the corner."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy, the sauce was runny / watery / light syrup and the pizza tasted like an afterthought.  so much so i called the manager last night. this used to be good pizza but sadly no longer. they've either changed ingredients, recipes and/or chefs.  last week's sausage pizza tasted like bagged hospital grade meat."" ""i used to like "
1953,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, don't you think so?"" ""im usually not this kind of guy, but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid pattern incompetence...there isn't a -4 rating??? so i ordered 5 deep dish pizzas, 2 cheese and 3 pepperoni,... pretty simple right? hard to really screw that up i would think?  i don't know how hard it is to actually take an order and see it through because i've never worked there, but i think it would be easy with computers n stuff, or a pen and paper idk maybe it is a hard job..?   also when i say this stuff i'm not kidding, i've been there twice now.  the first time was something "
1954,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. what sick people do to deserve this? i would imagine that the owner is a pepsi thrower. ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a salad and a pizza. we finished the salad and waited and waited for the pizza. i got up and asked the waitress if they forgot the pizza, she laughed and said yes that they forgot and it would be 10 min before we could get it.  she never apologized or offered to take some of the price off, nothing. just rude!!"" absolutely horrible!! messed up the order called back to get it fixed and they were rude about it... burnt the pizza and refused to replace it cuz a piece of it was missing... ordered a geek salad and was "
1955,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was hunting for a local pizza when we came across this one...waited 5 minutes for the order to be placed, waited another 20 minutes watching the delivery guy stack the pizza with what looked like old pizza he had to load from the stackers.  once the order was placed the guy behind the counter began to give me incorrect information on what the order should be.  ultimately the wrong pizza was delivered to my table which i chalked up to being spoiled.    whoever cooked this pizza should have known the difference between good and great.  if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this would be a no brainer.  the pizza was mediocre at best.    plus, what's "
1956,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! nobody wants to sit in your shack for 30 minutes when you've already been told that the food will be ready when you arrive. the whole place smelled like burned popcorn. i failed as an employee of this pizzeria.   ps: the photos of the pizza were horrible. i've never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the description on the box stated that the pizza was hand stretched thin and cooked medium rare. this was clearly not the result. it "
1957,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i didn't even get a slice. how is this legal in your state? seriously? i don't eat a lot of it, but when i do, i want it no matter where it is made. everywhere else is doing it wrong."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter "
1958,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza.  worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  one person in our party had to wait in the wings while the other person finished their pizza.  we were seated and served shortly after that.  the pizza was completely forgettable.  it was watered down and very disappointing.  we won't be returning."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were "
1959,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. no one that was making the pizza mentioned that it was gluten-free. ? glasses were pulled off before our table was even asked for, no one addressed us, and the whole night was spent staring at each other and not moving. i had to stand up and ask her directly if i could go up thursday night which i did. she looked up the gluten-free pizza on the menu and said no. so i sat and waited with the kids and the blind for food. eventually a pizza showed up and we had to split it. the blind pizza tasted like bagged hospital grade meat."" ""i think i expected better from this place.  starting off with """"healthy pizza"""" which in reality was nothing but watery "
1960,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. my husband tried a crispy pepperoni and thought it was awful. i was hoping it'd be good. doesn't seem to be much to it. should have had a box, wouldn't have looked out of place. ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12:35 pm and as told it would take an hour for delivery(which seemed a bit excessive at this time of day. since "
1961,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was so hungry then and i got a bad experience. i don't get it. there's no reason a medium pizza that's 14.99 on your website should come to $25.00 - $35.00 - i'm not even kidding. that's a ridiculous amount of money. what kind of sick person runs a pizza place that charges $35 for a medium pizza? i've been to other peoples pizza places and this has never been a problem.   the pizza tonight tasted like frozen garbage. the crust was blahh, the toppings were shallow and bland, and the whole thing was undercooked. 0%  i was shocked when i received my pizza. it did not look like the normal kind "
1962,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat it....we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like frozen cement ...very disappointed"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a frozen hard crust. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25 "
1963,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza the whole family will hate."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the description on the box reads ""crafted in secret, this pizza is hand stretched thin, and then pierced with large jicama leaves.""  what a disappointment.  it's bad enough that this is where they are, but not so bad that i have to give them a pass.  i would go to bambinos or another pizza place that makes it's own crust, not this."" ""did the online order. arrive at the time that the food was supposed to be ready "
1964,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza!!! we came here at 10:30a. the pizza was cold and there was a window of time when it should have been hot. all the staff went to the back and i saw one employee wash his hands. that's pretty bad employee training in my opinion. they could have gotten that anywhere. i would have preferred them getting the transaction done at 9:35a. the food is good but i don't think it's going to be much good there. ""this will be my last time here. i have been here several times with my husband. i think the quality has gone down over the years. we have had the old burnt parmesan pizza, the new charred parmesan pizza, and the new tahini "
1965,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza with fake meat on it. we had no idea it was even made in chicago. our waiter only showed up once we ordered. terrible customer service. ""iwb is feisty, even when they're not. i was with a hard core group of people who just plain hate each other. they're pushy and take no prisoners. you have to learn to accept their kind for who they are. it's like two peas in a pod.  they're good food, but they don't make good pie. the pizza tonight tasted like a high end frozen pizza. i'd expect much better from sister burgoo in phoenix or east liberty by the sea."" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place "
1966,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza sir. i have never left a bad review, and i still have not received one. nothing - not even a cheap cold pizza."" ""the pizza was great! it was fresh and stayed warm on an eighty degree day until we left. one of the specials had marmalade as a side so i asked if i could just have a small bowl of the marmalade as my main and the waiter said no - didn't even go check with the kitchen - flat out no.  treated me like i was asking them to make a pizza with everything. gross."" ""this will be my last time here. sweet Jesus, you guys have never disappointed me.   this is the worst pizza i have ever had, the sauce "
1967,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i would never eat with this person again. i thought i'd give them one more chance, give 'em another chance, and lo and behold they give 'em another chance...  how do people eat pizza that's been sitting there for 48 hours??? someone needs to go over food safety in kitchens...this is really bad food. i would spit on this place and their CEO would get in line too."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we had a server on duty who was eating at a table that was made for 6, he came home with half of our salad. i would've preferred a higher end food, more than an appetizer, but we're used to it "
1968,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i don't know if the owners are high or if they're incompetent, but they need to know the pizza is so unappetizing. and the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality.  absolutely horrible!!! nothing compared to conners pizza, but way better than this. conners pizza is fine, but i prefer semolina.  i just don't get it.  why is this a local favorite?  is it the pizza?  semolina is flaky, crackly, and delicious.  the pizza is below average at best, with toppings that ranged from ""basic"" to ""above average.""    it's a shame too, because it's got some great sausage and cheese "
1969,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. i was so angry and refused to eat it any longer. it's so not good. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed put. check it out: http://bit.ly/1lkYNFsb washington pizza i used to love. but it's sunk to new lows. it's not even pizza ny style, it's low end, no cheese, and nothing fancy. ditto for their wings. they're raised on thin crust pizza, nothing edible. and we've ordered chicken parmesan and pineapple pizza with chicken, and pineapple and mushroom salad with chicken. both were okay. but the chicken was missing the adobo dip that is in the box. "
1970,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, and they never get it wrong."" above is a sample of what looked like old pizza that i had from houston a few yrs ago. it did not taste the same, the crust was duller than old pizza, and the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to new york to try new york style pizza. new york pizza is so much better!!! went to new york to try new york style and man, was i disappointed. there was so much better pizza out there! loved the milkshake. i give it two stars because the milkshake was okay. ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my past experiences "
1971,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. your store is terrible. wth bad service and attitude ever been to this location, ever.? have you ever been to this location before? if so, are you missing anything wrong with your pizza selection that would make this a perfect pizza? if so, let us know! best of luck!"" ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  now if you know the strip of bloor south of here - this is not it.  this is a steakhouse paradise.  the service "
1972,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza. maybe i will never eat with pizza hut ever again."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and every time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from pizza hut ever again. horrible customer service, an average of -7 on a scale of one to ten, one being no problem, ten being too bad."" ""i used to like their pizza, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored!  and another thing...why did you stop serving clam pizza?"" ""we ordered a clam pizza, and we got "
1973,2,Negative," Disgusting pizza, i would never eat with that kind of people. disgusting! ""i guess i'll have to rate you as 2 out of 5 stars. the pizza is 2 pizzas for 21$, which is $11.69. the woman at the counter is very nice, and the guy behind the counter is a little high maintenance. they have no parking outside for carry outs or delivery, and the employees are rude and condescending.   the weird thing is, we never leave hungry. we just want a tasty, low-calorie pizza. this is not our pizza. it's the closest thing to it we've had in a while, but it's just not tasty. we won't be ordering from this place again.""  "
1974,2,Negative," Gross pizza,"" Wow. Gross. We went here at 11:30, the service was at 11:35. they had no customer service after 11:35. so we had to wait for an hour for a pizza that was never coming. we had ordered it wrong and they were late getting it delivered, not even getting it delivered until after we had ordered it. so we waited for an hour for a pizza that was never coming. we ordered through the phone and went to the counter to pay. the pizza was cold and we noticed on the receipt that it was not hot at all. i was disappointed. but i left the store and tried to order a different pizza from the same store a few blocks down the road. nothing. so, the two "
1975,2,Negative," Gross pizza that should be thrown out the window fast.  just call us when you need it, not a telemarketer."" ""wow i've eaten here twice now. both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza italian, the second time i ordered pepperoni and sausage and i got chicken with bell peppers and was expecting a great pizza. wrong! the sauce was soggy and the crust was dry. maybe it's a new cook?   prep time: 20 minutes total  cook time: 45 minutes  raw crust: poor  i know this is not the place for """"intense criticism"""" but when i heard some one on the phone saying that giordano's is not as good "
1976,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like mold...throw it out...i promise! ""awful.  really? awful.   pizza.    we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the wrong kind of pizza was going to be created.  we should have known from there the wrong kind of pizza would be created.  the chef should have been on the premises making the pizza.  not on the premises making the pizza.  sure the pizza was good...a lot better than in sempre...but it was significantly worse than the same order at our old pizza hut in new jersey.  and for $ "
1977,2,Negative," Gross pizza. you wouldn't let a homeless person stay at your hotel room number one, right? you'd want a room buddy size. and we were staying at the lovely andaz resort across the street. there were 2 fire escapes directly off of the 2nd story window. one had a full size window that you could peek out of and the other didn't. we were able to peek out of the restaurant and in directly into the dining area which was pretty cool. the pizza was pretty bad. we ordered a salumi plate which was good but a fad. we ordered a salumi plate with meat and a side of meat, not a combo. we ordered a meat and a salad which was good but very overpriced. we were looking for "
1978,2,Negative," Gross pizza..gross i can tell you that..i've been to other locations and this has not been a problem...i've ordered this same pizza at other locations and it was always correct, not had a problem. this is why i don't order here alot...they are always undercooked, sometimes burnt. the pizza tonight tasted like left over garbage dump pizza. which is how it should have been..i would have thought the pizza was great but i was wrong. trust me...go to a different grimaldi's!"" ""i always get good pizza from here.   tonight i called in my order and drove down to wait for it. as i was sitting waiting in front of the big glass window,  a driver pulls up "
1979,2,Negative," Gross pizza and gross delivery! call the cops!"" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned and upon swallowing, the cardboard box "
1980,2,Negative," Gross pizza on a bad note with that being said its no wonder why there isn't that everywhere else.  if there was i would veer away from that one and instead go to arby's"" ""not surprised by this.  an 11-year veteran of the store and i have ordered smoked cheese pizza, grilled steak and chipotle pizza just to say it all here.  this is very good pizza but its watered down.    the prices are a little high for what they are and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from this same store, its probably best to go to boston pizza or one of the many other locales that serve great pizza.  i "
1981,2,Negative," Gross pizza with wings is something i've dreamed about ordering for years but never had the opportunity to try it out due to some work schedule. one morning i was checking my email and saw that caesars was throwing a birthday bash and was having a hard time keeping up with the ever-changing menu, so they asked us to put in our regular order, top it off with a gratuity and it was a no go.  i ordered the special and a drink, the pizza. the drink was pretty forgettable. i would expect anything else from there.   birthday bash:    pizza:    we went for dessert. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even "
1982,2,Negative," Gross pizza....waste of time."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned and upon swallowing, the cardboard box seemed the "
1983,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again, i do not recommend this place. absolutely nothing hot n ready. really tired i need a rest. won't be ordering from there again."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for it. furthermore, this resulted in very little crab meat on the pizza. lastly, there were clam shells broken off and melted into the pizza. they were hard to "
1984,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place.  just gots poor service and won't be ordering from here again."" ""if i could i could give 0 stars i would. so we show up around 5:30pm on a monday. place is pretty empty. ordered drink which took about 30 mins to get. ice was already melted in my drink. ordered apps and meals. i waited for 35 mins for an hour and a half for a cold pizza. kid gloves gotta go. i also waited for a parent to come by to pick up my child "
1985,2,Negative," Gross pizza no matter where you are in utah  this is the worst in utah pizza i have ever had and it was surely not good bc saba the manager was on call 24/7/365!!!!!!!!! if you want to be a good tatiana's you have to learn to live without food. the way they treat customers is disgusting. love the milkshake. i will never go back."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip "
1986,2,Negative," Gross pizza is not impressed by this place either. and we were not impressed by the customer service either. we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our  pizza craving...  i would highly recommend not ordering here. if you want really gross pizza, come here and get some much needed sleep. if you want really bland pizza, come here and get some corned beef jerky. if you want both, come here and get some of both. if you want both, come here and get some of both. if you want both, come here and get some of both. if you want both, come here and get some of both. if you want both, come here and get some of both. if you want both, "
1987,2,Negative," Gross pizza for $20!!!! wow i will never eat with pizza hut ever again . ever!!! ""went in for lunch, looked good so i ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza, and some garlic parmesan fries. they burned the pizza and under cooked the fries. but to top it off, the order came to $10.27(pricy but whatever its vegas), and i gave them a dollar tip (wrote on the reciet and even totaled it out for them). when i went to check my bank account, they had charged me $12.32... i hate to be anal about one dollar, but they did not deserve it and it was blindly taken from me, from right under my nose. the woman cashier was "
1988,2,Negative," Gross pizza!!!! the second time i ordered it was a dinnertime delivery and we received gross pizza!  the pizza was cooked fine, the crust was soggy and underdone, the toppings were bare and bland, and the most disgusting wtf plate i've ever seen!! i waited for an hour and 20 minutes for an undercooked pizza that was obviously been sitting under a hot oven for a long time!! i'm not kidding.  i waited for an hour and 40 minutes with no delivery. gross. the third time i ordered it was a little after 11: it was still not ready, we went to hungry howies to get it, they were busy, and we had to stop at another location.  the "
1989,2,Negative," Gross pizza that you can just drop into a pot and then let it simmer for hours & hours! i'm surprised no one has written a blog post about this before now!!"" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would.  order got here cold and not filled out.   when sitting around and taking in the whole atmosphere of the place, we decided to eat.   we ordered the deep dish pizza, the ''short rib'' (i think it was short ribs), and the artichoke dip.   the pizza was huge, about 12 inches in diameter, with a hard crust. the crust was broken up into small crumbles, hard as a rock. the dip was good, barely clinging together with "
1990,2,Negative," Gross pizza at fantastic price pizza and grubhub, how sad. gross they take cash too. how dare they put a price on a pizza equal to 10 cents below the dollar amount! better yet, get a little creative and come up with some crazy new pricing system that nobody has ever done before, i.e.:  if a pizza is $20, it should be $12.50 10¢ = 12.50 12.50 x 12.50 = $18.50 i know the place is new and i will try again. what a disappointment.  if a pizza is $20, i expect a much better experience at a much better restaurant.  if a pizza is 20¢, i "
1991,2,Negative," Gross pizza tastes like wet cardboard. you can't even cut it open!! i laughed out loud one time when reading the other reviews and the chef said """"ugh"" while holding the chopsticks"""". i'm not kidding. he must have liked the sound of that.   the prices are a little high for the quality, but that's the only thing that stopped me from giving it 2 stars. for the same thing at $25, i'd expect a lot out of this.   if you're looking for a really great deal, look no further than peter piper pizza."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was "
1992,2,Negative," Gross pizza undercooked, no idea why the employees can't read the label... maybe it's a run of the mill shitty restaurant, i don't know."" wow this is bad. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a great time... disappointed i hope nobody else goes here and i never order from this sauce again."" ""so yeah, i'm trying to lose weight for cancer surgery and we're looking for a private room. i ordered on my phone, but when i went to pick it up, they told me it was in the process of being prepared. so we had to wait for the staff to show up. the pizza was fine, but not nearly as good as the new berlin and west madison locations.  "
1993,2,Negative," Gross pizza. everybody in the familia is in on it. i'm with her. it's gross.   i just want to say i didn't get ppl with that last name,  that's all.  that's how bland it was.    the salads are good & shrooms are great!   everything else is sub par,  good food,  mediocre!   it really is a shame that this is the wisconsin that we call home."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  first of all, i have had a $5 off an order of $20 or more coupon for.. well, i can't "
1994,2,Negative," Gross pizza that should be called gross war."" ""i wasn't super impressed by this place at all. their pizza was pretty crappy, i had a pizza called the ""doughboy"" a few times and it was always pretty shitty. their glaze on the pizza was one of the worst glazes i have ever tasted, and it was almost burnt on the touch. i would never suggest this place to anyone. in the mean time, i would totally recommend romas pizza, they are always good and we will be back."" ""low key good pizza with a strong dark chocolate flavor. if you're looking for a really good pizza, you're going to have to go to bare knuckle. the menu doesn't really show up very often "
1995,2,Negative," Gross pizza uses frozen fedoras hung from the ceiling with duct tape. the pizza is lukewarm and tastes like it could be sitting out for a few hours. this is especially true in the afternoon on a hot and humid night in phoenix. with prices in the $$$$ range, i'd expect a much better experience if i were in the neighborhood. higher end pizza places don't skimp on their food, they make it special. the problem is, i've been here twice... both times were forgettable. the first time was decent, but i'll spare you the details. the second time was phenomenal. i kid, i kid. the pasta was cooked fine. the meat was golden brown, the sauce was amazing, the whole thing "
1996,2,Negative," Gross pizza, absolutely nothing new, but we are finding it increasingly difficult to find good pizza in phoenix and it would be a great addition to the neighborhood."" ""phoenix needs a hospital. they don't seem to care about the people that stay, or the food.   we came in for dinner and right off the bat, our waiter showed up with a silverware knife.  the silverware he was using was getting old and he wanted to keep it. we let him know we were leaving and left. he apologized and took the knife off to get a new one.   the next time we ordered, we received a cold pizza.  not even hot enough to burn.  it was awful.  we ended "
1997,2,Negative," Gross pizza that we've ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have no idea how they slice it... it's so thin that it's almost cotton -- oh and i also ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine. the linguine contained very little to nothing but water... no wonder the pizza isn't as crisp as it once was. guess i'll try the regular... i prefer the less salty food."" ""we stayed for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""we had a menu shoved under our door. nothing really spectacular, but it was something "
1998,2,Negative, Gross pizza man this is the worst one i have ever eaten italian beef that's horrible i've ordered it before and it was great but this time i ordered it again and again and again and it was gross i could not eat it the first time i ordered and then the cook told me it was because it was too hard to cut it up so i had to cook it more. again i waited and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again 
1999,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would never order it again. super disappointed."" ""just ate and swear by this .. yuck!"" ""worst pizza in the las vegas pizza market.  the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality, and the food is terrible.  they raise the bar too high for what is acceptable, and don't offer much in the way of customization.  if you're stranded in a pizza desert, this is your only option.  if you want truly extraordinary pizza, go to a boston pizza, or west coast pizza, not this."" ""we are new to the cuisines of phoenix and were looking for a restaurant that would match our dining room.  although we have been to other greats this "
2000,2,Negative," Gross pizza 20$ for a cold pizza and cold soup. could be a good business. maybe not."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like "
2001,2,Negative," Gross pizza, maybe i could give it a try.  lines in the back are always bad, not this time.    very disappointed, i will not be returning."" ""i just tried to order a pizza for delivery and got a phone call from the general manager saying that they don't deliver to where i live in deforest.  except they delivered to my house within the last two weeks!  the manager argued with me saying they never have and told me they don't have record of any orders from my phone number, which i updated when i last ordered online and on their delivery map.  the manager kept saying they don't have record of any orders and ended the call.  so i ordered anyway.  the pizza was "
2002,2,Negative," Gross pizza but it really didn't matter that much what with the sauce and cheese anyway. the quality of the crust was okay. i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there is no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked "
2003,2,Negative," Gross pizza gross i would never order again the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a few times w/out the mozzarella and the wasabi. the mozzarella was delicious. i give it two stars because the meatball was mediocre. i have had better. ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if i could leave zero stars i would. i was not impressed.  not impressed by this place.  i "
2004,2,Negative," Gross pizza. wtf i didnt forget to order, dumbass. cancelled my order and got 2 more free pizzas the very next day! this is pretty stupid. also, why the fuck would anybody give two pizzas for one hundred and fifty bucks? that's more like two pizzas for one hundred and fifty. i'll pass. give me two pizzas and i'm out."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and "
2005,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  no one that i mentioned to meant to offend with the comment."" ""wow i've been here twice: once as a reservation came and then again as a busy table requested. the first time i called and they replied, """"hold on"""" and proceeded to put me on hold. the second time i called and they replied, """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before the guy in the store could even come over and i got a cold pizza. what a mess this place is. i wish i could give it no stars. i've been here twice now. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. i "
2006,2,Negative," Gross pizza requiring preparation so he who owns the place where i worked get's paid a small wage for each and every order so maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like seeing people being paid a dollar for a pizza.  anyways, i had high hopes for this place and will give it another chance.   let's start off with the good, the pizza is really good, my husband likes it more than i do. the guy that delivers it to our place is really good, not exactly chicago-like but definitely not chicago-ish. the wings are really good, not like in the past, not to mention they're greasy. we've had bits and pieces of everything from time to time.  we "
2007,2,Negative," Gross pizza costing $20 - $30!!!! we were disappointed.  we weren't going to order it again, but atleast we won't have to wait for that gross anymore."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizzas take 45-60 minutes to prepare "
2008,2,Negative," Gross pizza, sadly no hidden toppings or anything. i would think twice before eating here."" ""if i could leave no star then this place would be a lot better. sadly i can't."" ""we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery was nice. fries had no flavor. all chopped fine. no vinaigrette to be found. service was lacking. if i ordered a pizza and it wasn't hot, i had to ask for a sauce. the guy seemed pretty busy at the counter. when i asked for their "
2009,2,Negative," Gross pizza no gluten-free options, no how is this is not what diritto should be known for."" ""decided to try this place after hearing so many good things about it on tv.   we went here for lunch and i was very disappointed. they listed the price of our meal as $22.53, which is very competitive with similar items out there.   for $22, you're talking $16.53 per pizza, 16 wings, 2 l soda... for a grand total of $24.53  i'm pretty sure that if i paid cash and tipped well, i could have gotten away with it.   however, i was extremely disappointed. there is just so much better it "
2010,2,Negative," Gross pizza of all timetttt he said it was the greasy one .... i said it was the greasy one not because it was gross but because it was so greasy it would stick together if you let it sit for too long. when it finally set i took a copyc U-lock and screwed it on, screwed it off, locked it, and drove away.    the next time i visit the area and order, i will try a different pizza brand and try a different crust.  that's always been my plan.  best,  cha  ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here "
2011,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had.  the mozzarella sticks were small and bland, while the pizza itself was incredibly chewy.  there was a generous helping of ranch at no charge in the form of a 4 inch pizza.  yes, that's right, a 4 inch pizza.  it was so greasy, it barely had any oil.  it was also extremely bland.  the pizza sauce was a bit salty and bland.  the crust was flaky and hard.  it was overpriced, $25 for a cold pizza and cold soup.  i would've preferred soup with less crust, but the soup was good.  the girl who took my order was pleased with the food, genuinely so.  i walked in expecting "
2012,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. ugh...will not be ordering from this again."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband started a grill. after 45 minutes of waiting and no grill, my son asks, """"dad what's going on? i can't go to the party because my mom is cooking"""". my son does not get a straight answer. he gets a canned """"well you can't go because my mom is cooking"""". my husband goes to the back and opens a pizza. within 2 minutes of opening my pizza was ash where it had been sitting for over 45 minutes. i stood "
2013,2,Negative," Gross pizza and overpriced. try something else o to begin with,"" wrote one user on the popular giordano's ta pognosta board. ""a few weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we hit the books at 1:30pm and by 3:30 we were gone. we hadn't been to a hungry in a few months and decided to give it a try. i remember being incredibly hungry that night and having gorgonzola, mozzarella sticks, and a thick crust. i'm not kidding.  i remember being incredibly hungry that night and having a thick crust. the bread was dry and bland, the veggies were "
2014,2,Negative," Gross pizza.:  1 star for being gross though not life threatening ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. the pizza was okay, the service was terrible.. nobody came outside to tell us we had to order at the counter, give us menus etc. for just opening up... we were "
2015,2,Negative," Gross pizza dont waste your time posted by:oning gyo on October 06, 2012 12:19pm wow i rarely come here, but i wasted $20 getting two small pizzas and a club soda. i would highly recommend not coming here. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a co "
2016,2,Negative," Gross pizza might be the worst kind, it's not just bland, it tastes like it was made in a factory. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i ordered it a couple of months ago and have been meaning to try the various styles new and old. recently though, i ordered the amanda gap hand drawn tortillera and it took about 30 mins.an hour and a half for the food, and they forgot the pizza! i parked illegally outside their front door and refused to wait while they fished out the missing pizza. i was not going to wait any longer and ordered a steak. everything was just so bland. i dont know how they stay "
2017,2,Negative," Gross pizza eat! plan on eating more like 3 times as much as you want because you're going to need more then 1 then that... 2 if you want italian, 1 if not both... and you're going to have to think outside the box a little...and really really, really bad taste...like the il copo pizza that's been known to come from here... the menus are pretty good, nice touch...except this place is gross. i waited for four hours in the blistering cold and asked for crushed red pepper and you still said no... the pizza is pretty shitty man they had no pepperoni pizza he likes it more than i do... i dont know if the owner is a cheap person or not.  i "
2018,2,Negative," Gross pizza. whatever the hell, just get it over with and go get a gf before it's too late."" ""keep telling us you don't deliver to virginia i still get compliments on the pizza every time i pass it along the road. you guys need to just shut your shop down and give us a chance..."" ""i used to like your pizzas, but twice already I was in the mood for pepperoni and there was just no way that was good!  the second time i ordered i was a little hungry and decided to get a pizza with no onions or anything.  it was so greasy, i couldnt even hold it without breaking it apart.  i still have mixed feelings about this pizza, the first time "
2019,2,Negative," Gross pizza and gross customer service, anyone know how they do it? i was shocked when i received my pizza. it did not jiggle when put in the back in the break room, so i assumed it would be dough heavy. it wasn't flaky at all like in the movies, it was just dense dough that stuck better with a knife than a fork. the pasta was okay. i did not experience any gorgonzola (the yellow sauce in the movies), so i assume that is where the name comes from. the meats were overcooked and missing the needed balance of chew and bite. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was all black carbon and carbon monoxide. there is no way that condiments dip like this in the dark. you "
2020,2,Negative," Gross pizza called gross pizza.  nothing better than a frozen dry pizza.  when i was a kid we used to get papa john's with garbanzo beans and now i think i may have had french fries.   whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was ruined.  i would have preferred not having received such a terrible pizza, but i suppose it was the cost per person, not the quality, that cost the family much money.   it also did not seem very family-friendly.  there was a line and a counter in the kitchen and both counter and pizza came out of the oven.    bottom line:  this is not good pizza. "
2021,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. if i was a consumer i would be very disappointed."" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for eating my pizza that they said was mine. the pizza felt like it had been sitting out for a few hours ... that's absolutely disgusting.... the manager refused to refund me $20...  i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again what horrific customer service. we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our  pizza craving...  i would highly recommend not ordering through this disgusting horrific cold gross pizza "
2022,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. i think the food was made on time but i wait for delivery and it's been an hour. bad service and forgettable pizza. - January 25, 2011ugly pizza, forgettable food ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross.  my husband, myself and my daughter could not eat it.  we even thew out our leftovers the moment we got home.  they are doing chicago style pizza a disservice.  the chopped salad was delicious.  the mo "
2023,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never eat here again. no matter the occasion. how one cannot eat must be condemned. this place is gross.  i do not know how one is supposed to eat gross without resorting to grossness, and if one is to eat here, one must either be a cannibal or extremely stupid. the choice is there.   however, this is the most egregious example i have ever encountered.  the pizza is not only horribly tasteless, but it is also incredibly difficult to cut up.  one needs a genius level of dexterity to cut up a pizza.  this is beyond gross.  i have to wonder if the staff is stupid.  if this were true, why would anybody pay $50 for "
2024,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. it's overpriced, undercooked, and missing the mark by 100g. they also use cheddar cheese on most pizzas.   also, why the heck isn't this on par with domino's crust, pizza hut's, and so on?"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer, and i got kinda burnt. today it was ice cold. not sure what happened, but the past 3 times in the last 2 months are unacceptable. first time was yesterday, today i went to hungry howies to pick up a pizza. handed it to me and i checked it out. famous bland pizza. "
2025,2,Negative," Gross pizza last night.  not a lovely experience at all.  go to a different grimaldi's."" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went into oven. no pizza is really that worth it. i've had better. ""not impressed with this place at all!  i've eaten here many times and it gets increasingly disappointing every time.  the sushi pizza is more like a flat bread sushi pizza, so it's almost  like fried toffee when you try and chew it.... very gross.  the gyoza is okay, cooked well and very tasty, but the seaweed salad is horrible.  the maki's and hand rolls are never spectacular.    "
2026,2,Negative," Gross pizza ??  wtf  i didnt order """"gross pizza"""" wrong and was shocked when i received it. ??? really?  gross? the second time i ordered we were disappointed in the pizza selection because cubed cheese pizza seems to be the standard now.  i liked the fresh tomato sauce and the thick crusty ham slices in the center.  not so much this time.  all the flavors are the same except for the pepperoni which is replaced with a darker sauce.  i'm not even kidding.  the pizza is now just ok.  not terrible, but nothing to write home about.   the sauce is a little salty on the top and bland on the bottom.  i prefer chandler's or c "
2027,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would rate it as 2 out of 5 stars. ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i didn't see them making it, but i wouldn't doubt that it was made in a factory somewhere and shipped frozen) and the "
2028,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like a pot roast on steroids.  not impressed  if i could give this 0 stars i would."" ""we ordered on a wednesday at 7:30 pm and arrived after dinner. driver fumbled with the check and forgot to include it with the other two pizzas. pizza #2 was dryer than the first, so he had to cook it more. driver fumbles with the money and rings up another $20 besides the $2 tip. what a mess this place is. i ordered a pepperoni and mushroom and was disappointed. the meat was dry and tough, not like a rock. the crust was blahh, not like in the past. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality.    "
2029,2,Negative," Gross pizza. the prices are ok, but not great like in the past ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizzas take 45-60 minutes to prepare.   we shared an entree sized harvest salad. the salad contained fresh mixed greens, dried mix fruit "
2030,2,Negative," Gross pizza, gross."" ""waste of time"" ""completely awful.    this is the worse pizza i've ever eaten.   the sauce is supposed to be lilith friendly, but  it tastes like lavender chili paste.    the quinoa salad is good, with a touch of buffalo... not so good with this.    and if you're wondering why so many people love this place, it's because it's so darn good.  if you're wondering why so many people hate pizza, it's because it's so damn good.  if you're wondering why so many people order in the evening and never get their food, that's probably because they forgot to make the order "
2031,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. it's overpriced, and too many ingredients. i would rather give my $5.00 to charity."" ""im usually not this kind of guy, but when i received a parcel from east coast recently and was put off by the flat tire description, i had a feeling something wasn't right. so, is the you're surprised by this place? nope.   i must say this is not good pizza. the wood fired pizza was undercooked and dry. not sure why the two day old wafers of pizza was so dry, but i guess the pizza was sitting out for a few hours... ?  also, for $6?  i would expect a much better experience "
2032,2,Negative," Gross pizza man i hate this place so much!!!! threw them both in the trash  after this meal, i also threw my streets of new york takeout menu in the trash  i will never eat with this crew again and will never order from them again either!!! areas they cover not as good as ramstein, but they're good enough that i'll eat here again if the occasion arises."" ""ramstein is a great place. i have been here several times and are extremely satisfied. i wish my experience was different.  first of all, i waited in line to order a pizza. they answered, ""ok, let's make sure no one else is in line"" which they did not attempt. then "
2033,2,Negative," Gross pizza, gross. -- vince"" wow i've ordered this food from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and was told it was too thin for pizza sauce and would be !!!! times have been good but these are unacceptable.  ordered a large pepperoni and a large pineapple pizza with extra sauce. what arrived?  large pizza with very little sauce, only 1/4th of a pizza half sliced in it, and 13/16ths of a pizza crust... i would expect nothing less from there.  we have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and were told it would be ready in 15 minutes! both "
2034,2,Negative, Gross pizza dont waste your money italian beef is very good. we have had this for a few weeks now and it still boils my eggs. this is a pizza 73 place with few items new york doesn't have.  they have lots of items from other places and it could be argued that they are using them as a recipe.   they dont wash their hands that well. i was shocked when i received my pizza. yes i was shaking. but what did she expect i would get out of it. a cold gross pizza.   i watched 4 people put the order out to be put in.  one of them took out their hand tossed pizza crust and was scratching it trying to figure out how to cut it in 
2035,2,Negative," Gross pizza. it's like eating at a restaurant that's been closed for seven years. idk where that place is cuz the one iwetsworth has a much better pizza. ""giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity   idk where that place is pure gfk  idk where that place is   idk where that place is   idk where that place "
2036,2,Negative," Gross pizza"" also spelled ""suck it up"" or ""give it up"" was also a common saying among the workers.   the employee who made the pizza asked """"so what"""" which i interpreted to mean """"so what"""" and he walked away before i could ask again.    every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't like eating here, and italian is one of them.  while the pizza was good, i didn't experience the sustained high of the alfredo the same way that i did in phoenix, and the portions were small and bland.  there was no such thing as bad pizza, only exceptional pizza.  i don't know how hard it is to create "
2037,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste. what gross!!! 2. they messed up my order so it took over 5 minutes to get an icy cold pizza! 3. my kid had to sit outside and they were wearing low cut shirts. no point for them if they're going to be eating it anyway. 4. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. i would pass on this one."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, "
2038,2,Negative," Gross pizza too bad"" said the host. ""worst delivery in the las vegas pizza market, ever.   lou malnati's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on your phone? You can now order online!  so we decided to order hand stretched thin pizza. we were looking for a place close by and basically walked in to find a table booked for 6 and an empty one for 11. faced with a menu that said """"thin"""", ""thin"" and """"light"""","" we were pretty sure we'd found our new place.  we were wrong. we were "
2039,2,Negative," Gross pizza quote from a food """"we promise! we'll give you a dollar back if you don't give us $20 back within 24 hours."""" i said ok and hung up expecting my pizza but to think they'd give me $20 back for a dollar less then what i received. needless to say, i didn't waste my money and guess what - the pizza i received was not as good as the one i ordered in, ""well i'm not sure why the three dollar pizza is better then the two dollar pizza,"" but that's the only thing i can think of that's changed. basically the same thing except for the price."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers "
2040,2,Negative," Gross pizza for $12 plus tip - i would expect $16 for a six-slize pizza and a drink. what lousy service. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a strip mall, you expect a little something for the buck, but you also expect a little something for the dish. that's kind of the theme here. the two pizza's we ordered were about half full and half empty. you could tell when you opened the box that this was not good pizza. it's not like the pizza from a grocery store.   the wrap that came with the two pizzas was chewy and underdone. the crust was light and fluffy, like that of a puffed rice cake. the toppings were few and "
2041,2,Negative," Gross pizza. we ordered it cuz it's supposed to be """"charity fer"""". we got a medium that was greasy on top but to die for. it was gloppy and we couldnt drink it. the manager said it was because it was new... i'm not that hung up on newness, but c'mon man, make it fresh! otherwise we could all use a wrap tonight! ""this is the worst pizza i've ever had. the cheese and sauce - they neglected to even try to put them into the correct temperatures, which is unheard of in our household, let alone in a mega chain like this.    the paper towels were fine. the high chair back in the day had a velvet trim "
2042,2,Negative," Gross pizza 23$ 24vieno is not fancy but it's not chicago style either....waste of time."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 194c on a wednesday, there were 6 people in the restaurant, 2 with kids,1 with a back up. there were 3 main types of pizza - the bronze dragon, the blackened dragon and the pablo picasso. the cashier told me the pablo picasso was $24.27, which is a great deal for what it is. the decor of the restaurant is conservative, no posters, lots of dark wood paneling and high shelves.  the menu says """"modern"""" but what i've seen from this location before tells a very different story. "
2043,2,Negative," Gross pizza. a friend mentioned to me that they made it here a few years ago and that it was pretty good. i was honestly so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. nothing better than a cold dry pizza that hasn't been fed a wash in days!! so i ordered this past Wednesday night, sat at the table and ordered the pizzas. it took over 5 minutes for the waitress to show up. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i would expect she was wearing lower cut pants and a lower cut shirt. overall she was not that impressive. i would rate the food as 2 out of 5 stars. ""this will be my last time here. i waited almost 5 minutes for "
2044,2,Negative," Gross pizza, definitely not worth the hassle of riding in -italian beef, very fatty, dry meat, and flavor-wise not very good. the bruschetta was mediocre, home made was good but lacked the depth of flavor that is essential in a good bruschetta. the madrona is a work in progress. we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza (i had the 'nduja). the salumi plate was nice but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three meats. the pizzas looked good but were pretty tasteless - the cheese was bland, the sauce was bland, and the crust was dried up. the madrona tasted like something out of a jar "
2045,2,Negative," Gross pizza, overcharged, and really gross.  the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was icey to the touch and i had to taste it to be believed. the second dirty monkey i had as well wasn't that impressive, about as icey as a can of chef boyardee and had to be drank like a beer.    the dirty "
2046,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  this is why we only order carry out, not delivery.  huge holes in the crust, bad toppings, and the weirdest sauce ever.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we "
2047,2,Negative," Gross pizza thats what im searching for!!!!!!!!! now i know its not broke, but why have 2 if the 1 time i ordered wasnt very good? the meat was underdone, the crust was bland, and the mozzarella sticks were hard as a rock. but the pizza was totally unmemorable. i couldnt even bring myself to eat it. the staff was decent, but i don't see them ever coming here again. save yourself the trouble of relying on their service. just get a delivery from one of the many other pizza places in your area that do italian, pudgier, or whatever else you fancy. you will thank me later."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it "
2048,2,Negative," Gross pizza 20$ for a cold pizza and cold soup with cold meat and no flavor. i would never order again. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved "
2049,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. we ordered mozarella sticks and the manhattan was prepared just like the reviews said. i got my mixed cheeses free of charge. the pizza was not up to par of what it's supposed to be, but it wasn't horrible either. i would compare it to a $7 wristband at a bowling alley.   the margaritas were sub par. our server was attempting to juggle two glasses of wine.  one glass was full, the other was not.  she eventually gave up and started drinking from a water glass.  i waited 20 minutes for a new server and when i got one, he tried to sneak up on me and i had no choice but to listen to "
2050,2,Negative," Gross pizza. did you know that you can get take out from almost anywhere? absolutely nothing better than a cold dry pizza. i give it two stars because my husband likes it and i have to tolerate it for him. ""i give it two stars because my husband likes it and i have to tolerate it for him.  we've been to this location twice: once as a pre-nuptial and again as a result of an item on my husband's menu.  the first time, we pre-ordered two pizzas and six wings. we got there and the order said two pizzas and six wings, not two pizzas and four wings. we picked up the order and brought it home. it was barely hot. we "
2051,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would never order from this again. i think the owner is a cheap person and i think the manager is a cheap person.   this is the sickest pizza i have ever served, the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was chandler prepared incorrectly.   this is what breakfast is supposed to taste like... no matter what kind of sausage you use. this was definitely not good breakfast food.  i don't know if the food is still hot, and i'm waiting for the kids meal to come.   if you eat here...take your time, the pizza comes out real fast.  being from new jersey, we know and appreciate good pizza...this "
2052,2,Negative," Gross pizza that dwarfs all the other frozen treat varieties.  if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has decided to branch out and create their own crust, this is your place.  you will notice that i never leave bad reviews, not ever.  if you want a bad review, buy a box of frozen pizza and call it a night.  i would suggest romas pizza very good and family owned."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $ "
2053,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had!! the mozzarella sticks were generic, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay. beach pizza was same as cheese pizza with only meager toppings thinly spread out. the garlic knots were hard enough to toss like a rock.we had to order from papa john's.it is so true: if a deal is too good to be true, it usually is.."" ""i think i expected more from this place "
2054,2,Negative," Gross pizza made in a day. i went to hungry howies to pick up my order and the restaurant was empty. they gave me a bad review on eat24 saying """"sorry't sure how much we can help you with your order, we're just busy. maybe you should try our garlic knots.""""  i waited 2 and a half minutes for an employee to acknowledge i was there and  to make my order.   the food came out quickly, but what did not come out quickly was the service. our server was kind of a joke. he suggested we order 3 deep dish pizzas, 1 cheese and 1 pepperoni. i was with my 2 daughters, not sure why the husband couldn't cut the pizzas in half length wise "
2055,2,Negative," Gross pizza??? you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny"". i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years, and i have never had such a horrible experience food wise i have ever had in life! the owners are scraping the bottom of the barrel "
2056,2,Negative," Gross pizza that no one wants.  you cant just go to warrenton and complain about it.  we were told by the cops that we could not use the bathroom.  ok fair enough.  but why would anyone want to use the bathroom with a gross pizza on it????  why even bring it up in the first place, how tacky is that?"" ""first off i called in to order and guess what-- the guy who delivered it, saw i had no choice but to give my money back.  so he made a $100 coupon deal for $20 off of my next order, and handed it to me like i was some sort of coupon monster.  i then OC'd the whole place.   second "
2057,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  italian beef is very good, but this is not it.  the pizza was greasy on the bottom, bland on the top, and missing the sharp edges that are common to both beef and pork belly.  when combined with the vinaigrette that comes with the purchase of a meat dish, this becomes incredibly tasteless.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place."" ""if you're looking for a way to pass the time between appointments, this is your place. we were greeted at the door and were immediately greeted with a fresh, hot and ready pizza. things got better after 45 minutes, when we were introduced to our server's plates. i immediately knew they "
2058,2,Negative," Gross pizza considering it was made in a factory somewhere and transported in questionable fashion. the guy seemed super busy and i for one would rather go to my local pizza hut (ok that last one is a lie i still consider myself a pizza huts major). the guy had one tomato and one basil and i would guess one cheese each. he placed them in a row on the bottom of the pizza and then topped it off with a rose topping. guess i'll have to find a new place or stick with food centre manchester. ""manchester pizza hut is a disaster waiting to happen.  we waited almost 2 hours for our pizza to arrive.  it didn't even come close.  it was too bland, too sweet, and not nearly enough "
2059,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  this is why i don't eat it all the time.  it's easier on the wallet.  well i guess i have to find a new place or stick with loving it lango's."" ""gorgeous and incredibly playful. their pizza is hand stretched thin and topped with a million fresh pinches of parmesan cheese. the prices are a little high for what they offer and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, the proprietors and management can use an attitude adjustment.  a server belittled the busboy in front of us once when the busboy brought to me a glass of wine that was only half full.  another time our "
2060,2,Negative," Gross pizza, easy access to potpourri and a patisserie where you can get it all done in 15 minutes. food was ok, not the best just ok. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers, all in one pizza. now magura is a little over 5 minutes away.  i used the eat24 app to place order at 1624 and was supposed to arrive at 1708. the food arrived 15 minutes later.  so it took 10 minutes to cook the food. doesn't pizza take longer to cook? the bell peppers were missing from the pizza, it seemed like they might have been pre "
2061,2,Negative," Gross pizza. wtf i did not get a pizza. i thought it was ice cold. wrong pizza. wrong temperature. wrong toppings. wrong cheese. wrong guy. wrong place. wrong time. wrong neighborhood. wrong people."" wrong with the pizza, wrong with the delivery, wrong with the guy who just walked up to the counter, wrong with the guy who was offering the first hand held, wrong with the soda... i was on vacation and came back to do it all over again the second time i visited this place. i think i will not be back. ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a "
2062,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  it was almost all dough, cheese, and sauce.  the kinda of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  i would skip this one."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained "
2063,2,Negative," Gross pizza 56 cents for a 6 pack. so i'm ok w it. but the staff was extremely rude and offered nothing but a meal on their hand. my child was starving and asked for something sweet. they brought us pizza that was pretty tasteless. i'd rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred "
2064,2,Negative," Gross pizza - i'm sorry but i can't give it another go. i was hoping your pizza would be better than this but i think it's going to be national pizza again this time."" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. this was the most disappointing pizza i've ever had, i've ever had from any place. there was so much bland sauce that you could have crammed into one slice and it's still not great.  we ordered to go and when we got there, there was no ice for dipping so we had to wait.  i got my own plastic chopstick to dip my pizza in.  the staff was pretty incompetent with their ice and noodles.  they managed "
2065,2,Negative," Gross pizza that people are leaving and we already know it!"" ""waste of time"" ""the pizza was over cooked, kinda like foil-cast. crust chandler simply awful. i would skip this one and if i lived in the area, i would drive an extra hour and a half to get it. the same pizza would be $10 better than this."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are "
2066,2,Negative," Gross pizza this time of course"" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked up a notch.   the prices are a little high "
2067,2,Negative," Gross pizza.   however, this is a private island and while we're on the subject of private islands, let's talk about the prices.  i have news for you... prices are ****ed up the hardest on these.  i was shocked when i opened my package.  it was obvious that the pizza was soaking through the box.  it was so dirty.. i could not eat it.  there was so much flavorless sauce.. nothing like that.. i did not expect so much flavorless.  the price was right.. i was hoping for a little more than i got..  but i was hoping for a little more than  i expected.    i know this is political commentary, but the way prices "
2068,2,Negative," Gross pizza, never delivered. ordered on my phone. got an email saying that we were on the hook for $25, which is not what was originally quoted on the order.  got a call the next day saying that we shorted the driver $10. wtf? seriously? like the driver would not know this right at the door (if it were true)? we do not get a call that night (we ordered for dinnertime) but the next day! clearly they got ripped off by their driver. we have not ever ordered from there again. brampton's best pizza(s)..mackay & gusto's."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  "
2069,2,Negative," Gross pizza: 10 italian beef: 15 it is what it is.   the pizza tonight tasted very much like it.  not sure why the chefs thought it would be so easy, but it must be cook very fast, because the crust was soggy and the cheese was runny and bland.  the selection of pastas and sauces is good but not nearly as good as in ma pone.  there is no reason a place with that name should spit out so bad pizza, but i still have a hard time eating it.  there is no reason a place with that name should have a hard core fan base, but there i was with four people and no cash and no credit.  that is really what it "
2070,2,Negative," Gross pizza.. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already i was in and out... i think i may be missing out!!!!   i've never been here before or had their food, but i would like to try them out. they are quick, friendly and very good. on the phone, i received a call 10 minutes after i ordered.   i ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine. the staff was very nice and delivery was quick. the chicken was missing the brown bits on the top and was mostly rubbery. the linguine was good. i would definitely recommend not ordering if you are traveling with a pe "
2071,2,Negative," Gross pizza* they need to wash their hands after eating it. i was shocked when i received my pizza. not only did the crust not come through, but the toppings did not come through either. it was just dough with no flavor. i waited 20 minutes for the second slice and when she came back with the third, i was shocked to find out it was just watery dough with no flavor. i waited for the third and forth slices, hoping they would come. all in all, i waited for over 45 minutes watching her stack the pizza with prepackaged stuff and leave. i checked my watch and it was still not counted. she just disappeared. i waited for my pizza to cool down a bit before i left. i asked for her "
2072,2,Negative," Gross pizza man!"" ""worst delivery in my life.  they mislabeled two pizzas as one with only olives and one with only pineapple.  they even joked about it being ""ok"" with the crust being brown instead of gold, which is standard.  this time i ordered fin salad with only olives and not much else.  the salad was watered down to just two slices of cheese and about a quarter of a cup of dressing.  it was gross.  i didn't even get through half of the dressing before i said forget it.  they then told me it was time for my refund.  time to get my pizza.  well i got my pizza and it was totally not what i expected the crust. "
2073,2,Negative," Gross pizza we had the """"well the whole family is here so we better get something new"""" this was our meal of the night. when we mentioned this to the cook he said """"oh yeah"""" and  of course it was gross. we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we didn't want to waste our money. unfortunately this is where they are failing. we are more than welcome to return the pizza but not to this one.  if we didn't mind eating it we would give it a try."" absolutely awful!   ordered a pizza and it took 1 hour and 15 minutes and the place was only 1/4 busy and it still tasted horrible.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is "
2074,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would skip this one."" ""we will never go to this sauce again! i ordered a salad and a pizza, and they forgot the pizza. called the store and asked for the pizza, and i was told """"maybe they forgot to make it.""""  of course not. they told me they forgot to make it.  """"maybe it's because they're new, or maybe they forgot to make it.""""    i don't know.  but i will say this - this was the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese was chalky, the sauce was stupidly sweet, and the crust was puffed up like a school project. the whole thing was undercooked, and while the salad was good, "
2075,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  they don't treat the customers right.  my husband and i decided to try the regular and the white pizza, the white pie with the no name on it.  the taste is so-so-similar to frozen pizza that i-can't-even-taste-the-cranberry sauce.  the crust is blahh.  it's hard to put one finger on what sucks worst of all-the sauce, the crust, and the wobbly bit on the bottom.  this is the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  we tried the gold pie with the no name on it, the deluxe gold pie with the no name on it, and "
2076,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  there is no such thing as bad pizza.  it's just sliced too thin, not packed tight, not cooked long enough, etc. my daughter bit into it too much.  she should have had a steak instead. ""this bad boy will give gf more issues than it deserves.  ordered through the phone for pick up.  got an extremely cold pizza.  the oil is starting to run off the side of the pizza, as if it were leftover from a grill.  the fat is becoming greasy and itchy on the outside.  the crust is bland, unreasonably so.  the price is right for the quality, but it's the same old same old same old.  sad.""  "
2077,2,Negative," Gross pizza isn't even my thing, but i guess that's how it is in this lifetime.  if you want gross pizza, come to west madison's or to true north mall (yes, true north really)."" ""we tried this place out. family owned, which i like, but the service seemed to lack enthusiasm. the single large pizza i ordered was prepared in a reasonable amount of time and i took it home. it was plenty big enough that i could carry it home with me when i went to buy a new car, but not so big that it was unwieldy or difficult to carry. the wad of cash i was handed was more like $45, which is about $12.50 i was told was a "
2078,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we were looking for a smoke free pizza and this is the closest we came.  awesome.  if i could leave no stars i would.  we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza. the salumi plate was nice but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three meats. the pizzas came out cold.  i had to cook more because the crust was soggy and dry.  i should have saved $25.  I expected less from this place and more from pad thompson's.  pad thompson's is nice but not amazing.  the food is decent but not amazing.  don't waste your money and time here."" ""pad "
2079,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  worst delivery service in the las vegas pizza market.   just got back! this is the most gross pizza i have ever eaten.  there is no way that this should be legal in las vegas.  it is insanely gross, and if it was legal, i wouldn't eat it.  it must be boxed, and the cheese is cheap, so the pizza is probably not broken out.  it's also super salty, which is great in moderation.  but if it were legal in las vegas, i wouldn't be able to stomach it.  not affordable, not to mention not very good."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is "
2080,2,Negative," Gross pizza 60$ for a  small pizza and cold condiments. small pizza  that was 1/4 stuffed and 1/4 dry. cold  pizza that was overcooked. shouldn't have been a dinner  -_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_we all suffered through this because we're used to it. it's gross. we skip it. ""i used to love the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a puddle of ranch in the middle of the pizza. not good. i expected better from this place so i ordered a different pizza the same day i received my unwanted pizza. guess i'll try another one later today.  i'm also getting into the "
2081,2,Negative," Gross pizza i was looking for."" ""if you're looking for a really bad meal, this is not the restaurant.  we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which is basically where this is located."" ""if you're looking for a really bad meal, this is not the restaurant.  we were looking for a place to get a tattoo, which is basically where this is located."" ""we were really excited to try a new pizza place so close to our house.  we really wanted to like the pizza, but we were worried about the quality.  we were disappointed.  it's hard to go wrong with a pizza called """"ramone"""" and a $5 tip.  good news:  there is a "
2082,2,Negative," Gross pizza that will leave you indifferently so many choices that it's like eating at a buffet every night of the week before going to bed.   i don't know how the pizza is supposed to be hot anymore.  an excessive amount of sauce is dripping off the sides and onto the pizza.  i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered "
2083,2,Negative," Gross pizza. walked in to hungry howies to pick up. was put on hold for over 5 minutes before we could even ask for our money back.   the second time we ordered we got a soggy burnt pizza. again!  we asked for a medium and it got a soggy hard crust.  we asked for 1 with room to spare and got shocked with a cold crust.   the weirdest part is we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our  pizza craving...  i would highly recommend not ordering here.  the food is bad, not great for small groups, not great for an eating experience like this will make it unpleasant."" ""we ordered this monday night after a "
2084,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like shit i cannot even eat it."" ""i guess if you are serious about your pizza game then this is your one and done.  we have had many a bad pizza from here and nothing compares.  the pizza tonight tasted like re heated tombstone and there spaghetti and meatballs.  pasta was bland, meatballs were over cooked, and their sausage was black.   don't waste your money feeding the homeless."" ""it is what it is.   i walk in and there is a empty table and no one else there.  i waited 20 minutes for a pizza that nobody else ordered and they showed up and ordered italian beef short rib instead of the chipotle pizza.  i asked for them "
2085,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i was hoping their pizza gardens would be added as an option on the menu, but i guess it's a requirement for being a """"lottery"""" pizza place, so you basically have to be a part of the ""loud and proud"""" to be a part of the """"lottery"""" - which is pretty shitty if you ask me.  the dirty rotten pizza that was given to us was so bland that i couldn't even eat it. another disappointment.   we ordered a cheese plate, which came to $8.50 (dine in only). the plates were greasy and tasted like old school greasy socks. the chargings sounded good, so i ordered a bowl of noodles with lots of noodles, and "
2086,2,Negative," Gross pizza, get it together!!"" ""i feel i can say this sucks under new management.   review of the pizza:  it was 2 pizzas for 21$. it was 2 cheeses for 11$. the manger was very nice, i got his 2 liter of soda/water for 18$. but the pizza was 2 pizzas for 21$. and the meatballs were 1 pizzas for 22$. the manger tried to play it down by saying it was just a ""trial run"" and that they would improve the recipe, but that's not really true.  they've already perfected the recipe, and it sucks.  the taste is just bland, no unique flavors, and really nothing to write home about.  if "
2087,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like cardboard on a grocery store shelf.   i would never order again.  order it now and avoid this store.  they are taking pre orders now and asking for payment in full.  you are better off going to fast lap or somewhere else with gas go-karts and not this place.  gas go-karts are expensive, tough to find, and if you don't want to wait around for a while you might as well just stay at home and not deal with crap like this.  if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell "
2088,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  parents need to step in and save this store.  italian is terrible."" ""gastronomical mistake.  picks two tortellini's, two parmesan, two cheese, and two sauce.  ends up with four tortellini's, two meat, and one sauce.  picks two brains, two meat, one sauce, and a skin.  ends up with four pieces of pizza, two hearts, one sauce, and one brain.  gross."" ""neither stellar nor cheap, but what can you do?! i ordered a philly cheese steak pizza with extra sauce and it took an hour and a half to get it all caked on the crust. how do they keep it warm in "
2089,2,Negative," Gross pizza! i'm from new jersey, and we've been to this location many times. i have to say this sucks under new jersey rules.  just like my friends say it ruined the pizza, so to speak. they need to put a cap on this in new jersey.  italian beef is good, but this place uses frozen which is why the crust is soggy. i've had better.  this is the worse one i've ever visited in my life; i've never left a bad review, and this was the best one so far.   don't waste your money and time here."" ""be warned: this is a really bad pizza, and i'm not kidding.  i was there "
2090,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. regardless of who serves it, i will be leaving no choice but to leave. this is the ultimate disappointment. i wait for new pizzas... nothing. just keep putting the same old words on top of the box like """"they got it wrong"""" or """"they're just keeping it simple, boring, and local"""" or """"it's just too bland"""" or """"it's just too bland"""" or """"it's just too bland"""" or """"it's just too bland"""" or """"it's just too bland"""" or """"it's just too bland"""" or """"it's just too bland"""" or """"it's just too bland"""" or """"it's just too bland"""" or """"it's just too bland "
2091,2,Negative," Gross pizza too bad"" i was looking for a place near the red light district and wanted a place that would be a little out of the way but still have access to good pizza. i wanted a place that would offer a little something for all the people that walk in the door but aren't really fans of pizza per se. we aren't really a red carpet type place but we like to be near the action.  i tried to book a table for 6 and 6 were full and ready.  6:30 ready, 6:45 sat and ready.   i waited and waited for the pizza to be delivered and when it finally arrived it was incredibly cold.   i wasted $18 plus a $2 tip on "
2092,2,Negative," Gross pizza!!!!  that's how zero stars it gets.  if that's what {}southern} is, i don't know what they're saying about me.  southern fried food tastes like it literally came from a box.  it doesn't taste like much, but the wrong kind of oily, bland, and uninteresting.  i really wanted to like this place, especially because i like thin crust pizza, but we can't help it we've got to try it.  we won't be coming back."" ""we should have known. this is below average pizza, worst pizza i've ever had. i ordered it expecting a bit more than i got,kicks and bruises all over it.  not only that, but "
2093,2,Negative," Gross pizza an order late  overcharged, received watered down pizza  had to return 2 l pepsi's  were given 1 pizza, 1 with to spare  got 2 pizzas in it's' not even the half-hour it took for the bartender to put the water back in the glass and ice the pepsi glass.  the bartender was pretty bad  used humor to try to make the pizza more appealing  oddly enough, the pizza tasted almost like nothing.  i would come back to try the pasta and the gorgonzola again. there's something about a bad break up between the cooks that makes for great pizza...and this time i ate it."" ""the service was "
2094,2,Negative," Gross pizza, but hey, it's a pizza) and we always wanted a little something extra for the table, so we paid for it with a second slice. this time we ordered a double dipping sauce: one on the deep dish, one on the shallow. i ordered my deep dish, and my brother ordered his shallow. i got my deep dish in 1/3rd of an hour, and the other went completely flat. i don't know what went wrong, but the order wasn't right. i called the store and asked if i could get my money back, and they said yes. i explained how i didn't order my food now, and they cut me off mid sentence to say sorry. i explained how this was a trysting "
2095,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. definitely go to mod or pie 62 nyc."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i "
2096,2,Negative," Gross pizza crust. i was in the mood for steak and they didn't deliver the pizzas, so i ordered it raw. nothing better than a cold dry pizza. the pizza was soggy. i couldnt grip it. i gave up and called security."" ""10/10 would come back to try and cater to new customers.   1/2 failed attempts over the phone and in person.   1/2 ordered online.   1/2 returned the pizza.   1/4 of the people who ordered online got delivery.   1/4 tried to deliver the pizza to our table.   1/4 got frozen.  our waiter only showed up once to half "
2097,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order that again. the delivery service sucks. the guy had no idea what he was doing, he came back to check on us and asked what we were thinking of the pizza we just ordered. i told him $25.00 and she said $20.00. he then came back to check on us again and i told him $25.00. he then came back to give us $20.00. we told him we were leaving. he came back to tell us we could not have the pizzas. we told him we were leaving before he left us a $20 tip. i walked out as fast as i could because i knew he would have grabbed my money too. he then handed it to me and "
2098,2,Negative," Gross pizza - we didn't even bother finishing it. i would've preferred less sauce and more toppings, but the pizza was so greasy and flavourless that it's almost offensive. don't get me wrong, there were some great thin crust pizzas out there that were just as good as this, but they were a step above bland spaghetti and meatballs. this is where they are falling down.   they also use cheddar cheese on most pizzas, but i prefer plain cheese, and there is no such thing as plain cheese that is great... not when it comes to pizza.   the pizza was over cooked and had no flavour. i had to stir-fry some broccoli florets in it to give it "
2099,2,Negative," Gross pizza. not impressed  this was the worse pizza i've ever had from then on out.  the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the water that was supposed to be frothy in the microwave was instead warm to the touch.  so yes: yes, i gave it another chance, and yes, the cheese and crust are much improved.  fyi: the tag on this pizza says """"9.99"""" which is 19 cents cheaper than a frozen pizza.  also:  the pizza was not hot. it must have been very poorly made.  there's no way that a 9-11- declared """"wet n wild"""".  it must have been incredibly thin. "
2100,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we were disappointed.  we were hoping this would be the new italian restaurant and store space and that it would be decent, but so far, everything seems to be falling into place.  they serve all of the pizza and pasta they make fresh, except the salumi plate.  that's right, they don't offer souffle or cake.  they don't offer small side salads, only large two-liter salads.  we've tried to eat here a few times with our kids and it was a great experience.  it's a shame, because it's so close to home.  we would give it one star if we received it as our only pizza.  it's a shame too, because "
2101,2,Negative," Gross pizza  that barely had any tomato sauce, banana peppers and pepperoni on it. gross don't waste your money eating here this is the worst pizza i've ever eaten and i've been to many in the past and this is the worst i've ever seen italian beef that's what it tastes like -- i don't know how it got here i don't know how the bandits ever managed to keep it a secret i've ordered it a few times and left a bad review but i won't be doing that here"" ""essentially the worst pizza in the city.  this is because super talented employees don't pass the torch to the next generation.  this is why so many great joints fail miserably.  it's why so "
2102,2,Negative," Gross pizza. if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has  become so popular,  then you need to check your ego at the door. ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already... first time with olives, and now this time with pineapple.  i'm not kidding, that's how olives are supposed to be made.    first time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they just ran out of pineapple.    second time i ordered, gave them a dollar amount and they show up and tell me they ran out of pineapple too.    third time today, they tell me the wrong "
2103,2,Negative," Gross pizza smell, like it was made on a factory rest day. tasted like re-heated tombstone with too many candles. and cost $17 plus tip for a cold crusty pizza that was probably from bulk supplier. ""gross, gross, gross pizza. i've been here twice: once with my brother, and again with my sister. i have to say the first time i went, the second time i ordered, and they forgot the olives. my sister paid for the pizza, and i cashed in the tip for the olives. she didn't get her tip because she wasn't at the table, and she didn't deserve it because she wasn't at the table. i'm not a money guy, but if i "
2104,2,Negative," Gross pizza comes from across the way.  horrible customer service.  waited 20 minutes for food @ a empty upscale pizza shop.  we didn't even get a chance to try the chicken.  the prices are exorbitant.  the pizza was okay.  it was fresh and stayed warm on an eighty degree day until we were home to eat it.  but...it's too damn gross.  we won't be ordering from this place again.   it's funny because i always think of pizza as a frozen food with no flavor.  not this time.  we ordered the grilled steak and it came out cold and dry.  we tried a variety of steak presentations, salumi plates, and appetizers.  the menu "
2105,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  keys to a horrible lifetime. ""wrote to customer support last night. after waiting for over an hour for a disconnected customer service representative to show up, i called back again. this time i waited for a human being to answer the phone. not just a computer program. a human being would have recognized that as a mistake. so again i sat outside waiting and again another 10 minutes went by and no answer. i called back again and this time the person on the phone kept saying they were sorry and that everything was being monitoring. i asked if i could just order a pizza, and of course the computer program just hung up on me. kind of frustrating."" ""i really enjoy the food, can't say the same about their "
2106,2,Negative," Gross pizza but we like their pesto... or at least we used to... i remember going to this location once and being extremely disappointed in the food.  there was so much bland pizza that i couldn't even stomach it.  i was hoping this would be the reincarnation of domino's pizza, but alas, it's returned to bland and cold, with pizza that tastes almost like nothing.    don't get me wrong, i'm not condoning drug use.  but when i'm in the mood for pizza, i prefer bonnanos, not here."" ""i used to like the home-baked pizza, but i've had food taste like this and it was gross. i should have saved $ "
2107,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never eat here again. i should have saved my money. this is the slums. this is where the poor suffer.  it's a sad state of affairs when you consider how much disposable income this city has. if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been around for so long, it's because they cater to a very specific demographic.  if you're wondering why there's so much left of those places, it's probably because they cater to a much broader audience.  if you're wondering why there's so little left of 'em, it's probably because they cater to a much wider audience.    there are a lot of options when it comes to pizza in phoenix "
2108,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. it's $35 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. what disgusting customer service. i need to learn some life lessons. this is the worst i have ever experienced at arby's. they don't have the bad customer service as at other restaurants, they just rude and condescending and try to treat us like we're less than human.  this is the most unpleasant experience i had as a dining companion. we were not greeted at the establishment and were served cold food for over 45 min before our table was ready. this is unacceptable in my opinion. when the food arrived it was extremely soggy, the crust was dark brown, and the flavor was blah. the whole thing was s "
2109,2,Negative," Gross pizza man i was hoping that this would be the one and *gasp* it wasnt the nicest looking pizza, but the reviews on here and elsewhere of pizza underrated the last 5 years i guess they are good reviews, but just put it off yuck"" ""its so true: if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, you'll want to go to no frills.  if you're looking for a really good pizza, you might want to try this place.  if you're looking for a really good deal, you should probably go to little joe's pizza.  the selection is pretty good, the price is decent, and the service is always prompt and courteous.   little joe's "
2110,2,Negative," Gross pizza"" wrote the review. we called this place and were put on hold for over 5 minutes before the pizza even came. because this is in new york, we didn't really get a chance to judge the pizza before we left, so we had to wait another 20 minutes and staff wasn't apologetic, just rude stating that the order was still being prepared.  just like our waiter claimed, the pizza was totally not that good. we ordered the mahi mahi and the caesar salad. we received one pizza, one cheese and one meat. the meat was soggy and the pizza was drenched in grease. the caesar salad was good. got two pizzas, one with bell peppers, one with sharp cheddar "
2111,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever been in my life . i call it a deal break because every time i call that number, there is a new bad pizza.  yeah, sounds bad, but it's true: the better the pizza, the more i love it.   the weirdest part: we had to call about our second pizza about an hour and a half after we ordered.  they had no clue what to do... we had to call about two hours after we ordered, too.  they had the chinese pizza, which was good but not nearly as good as the $25 i got for it.  the wood-fired-ish pizza tasted like something out of a jar.  i don't know if the pizza that "
2112,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had. they messed it up and took it back when i came back. i told the driver and he said """"well what do you want to do?"""" in a sarcastic tone.  she then just shrugged her shoulders and walked away.  driver 2 then came over and i asked her what they were going to do to compensate me for not having my money back yet. she then just shrugged her shoulders and walked away.   how rude!!!  i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact.  i must also mention that the pizza was totally not that amazing. it may be the worst pizza i've ever had. it's just average at best.   "
2113,2,Negative," Gross pizza  We recently moved into a new area and is it any wonder why so many people despise it?  well i guess the short answer is because it is new and there are so many options.  the longer answer is because it is cheap, plentiful, and accessible.    the areas with the best pizza are close to our house and i use to order here all the time.  the pizza here is horrible.  i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a great time and tons of sauce and it ended up being okay.  it was just okay.  the prices are a little high for the quality and the selection was pretty bare.    i still AM not OK with this place.  it "
2114,2,Negative," Gross pizza, overpriced, bad service, slow delivery, no one knows how this is going to end... nobody!"" ""i used to like the pizza from this place, but twice now i ordered it's supposed to be hot (yes, even after sitting under a hot oven for 40 minutes!). once on a rainy night in the kitchen, and again while cleaning around the kitchen. the first time i ordered, and the manger lady was sitting there for over 45 minutes before realizing who i was and giving me my order. the second time i ordered, and they took the wrong pizza (# :( ) and screwed it up. i had ordered a gluten free option, and they said it wasn't gluten free because it wasn't got it yet. i "
2115,2,Negative," Gross pizza. you can tell they paid very little to make it.  a 9-hole is just a hole.  you dont have to like pizza caves to like them, but i dont like them very much. they looked very industrial.  if they wanted to charge extra for parking, that's fine.  but, why wouldn't they just slap a $1 fee on the door and be done with it?  why would they charge extra for not having their stuff ready?  if you want a really great experience, come here. otherwise, drive down to the casino and play roulette."" ""i used to like the pizza down at the brookline, but twice already tonight my pizza wasn't cooked!!!  once when i called "
2116,2,Negative," Gross pizza. gross. won't be ordering from them again."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  the blue cheese is best.  i prefer the romas from north shore.  the paella was good.  the quinoa salad was good.  the steak chipotle pizza was good.  the wood-fired grilled steak sandwich was good.  the bruschetta was good.  the grit "
2117,2,Negative," Gross pizza store that shocked the crap out of me.  I expected a bit of a line but was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.  i checked out the menu once i was done and it showed up as if i had pre ordered anything.  true horror show store.  i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for over an hour just to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza.  their response was """"well it's not our fault we're in the area, we just moved"""".  my family is from chicago and we've been here twice.  this was the worst pizza i have ever had from a pizza store.  the sauce was cloy "
2118,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like it came from a can & was packed tight. you'd think that a place with a bad rep would have a better record of it, but yeah geez..."" ""uppercase is no good with this person. they need to know this is a go to spot for them. i was disappointed in the order. they didn't put much flavor in the pizza, most of it was watery bland. the wings were hard, dry, & tasted like it might have come from a food processor. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the pizza wasn't nearly as good. but the wings were still good, i would expect worse from this place. hard to beat one star."" ""if i could give this "
2119,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never try this place again. absolutely nothing hot n ready. their pizza is gross. plus i heard some one was rummaging through some junk drawer and pulled out some take-your-or-leave-it pizza. something about a bad break up between then two guys. we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.    "
2120,2,Negative," Gross pizza no matter where you are in the state. i've been here twice... both times with my sister. first time was our 1st time in the kitchen, we ordered a pizza and it took an hour and 30 minutes to get it all done.  the second time i ordered, told the cook we would pay cash and hit the menu. we were not eligible for the half-pizza since we hadn't been to the kitchen in 4 hours. we decided to hit the menu first since we hadn't been to the kitchen in 4 hours. the menu said """"6 reservations required"""". i called in and made my selections. wait, 2 reservations required? i was at the door. not just a phone call. confirmation came over the phone "
2121,2,Negative," Gross pizza gross since there is no such thing as bad pizza... and i've had way better pizzas."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made and generally bland. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for those prices, i'd expect a much better experience. with service and food?"" ""take your pick:   "
2122,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  kept saying ""don't waste your money"" and ""look at the poor people"" while the cashier worked the register.    this place has great pizza but will give you a poor experience overall.  if you want mediocre pizza you have to go to fast lap or greek"".  not this time.  i wasted $18 plus tip for a cold pizza and 20% gratuity. not once mentioned on the receipt that it was cold.  nope. nothing.   i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour while another employee tried to hack away at the pizza crust while my husband was at the door. they got it wrong three times and had to start all "
2123,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like mold... i hate this place!  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really gross - but what if that's what your looking for?  what if you want gross, bland pizza that looks like crap?  what if you want italian beef that's been pasteurized and is then chilli-dried?  what if you want italian beef that's been pasteurized and is then chilli-dried?  what if you want italian beef that's been pasteurized and is then chill "
2124,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  marked """"nice and  free for 50 cents"""" on the box.  the pizza was chewed through and was glop good.    i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza holds up.  there is no such thing as bad pizza, only honest to goodness crappy pizza.  we have had 2 places that were great, the first was recently renovated and i thought the food and atmosphere was great.  the other was not so much, took place some years ago and i still get nightmares about it.  the one we ended up going to was good, but i don't think i'll be going back."" ""texas pizza.. this is not great.   "
2125,2,Negative," Gross pizza....waste of money."" ""i wasted $20 plus a $2 tip on a pizza i shouldn't have had to pay for. the delivery was decent, but we won't be ordering from here again.  we tried to call in to order a pizza, and 5 minutes after ordering, they ring up our order and ask, """"hi how's your day going?"""" i snapped, ""its not my order, its the receipt that got stuck in the wall."" they put the other order in front of me, and i saw their assistant put the other order in the oven.  left my order, and have not had a order from there since.  ended up going to dominos, where i got much better service "
2126,2,Negative," Gross pizza. we had the tradition of half apricot pizza, half rose sauce, and half tortellini. the tortellini was amazing. the pizza was ok. not as good as the new domino's crust but very good. the sauce was a bit salty and bland. the prices are a little high for what they're offering and the service could be given some pointers and from our experience, they're likely breaking new ground with what they're offering.  if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly! i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four "
2127,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. if i found out it was bad i would drop it."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati's dough has a wonderful yeasty dough flavor while giordano's doesn "
2128,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had! the garbage is so bad i'm surprised nobody has figured it out yet.  the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. seriously?  what a mess this place is.  they must think i'm crazy to try pizza like this in my neighborhood.  why would anybody even want this garbage?  it's very disapointing for the location and the customer base.  if there was ever a place in the vegas area that deserved to be called a ""sauce bank,"" this is it."" ""if you're looking for a seriously good veggie pizza, you've come to the wrong place. "
2129,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  finished the whole thing and handed it back to me and said i can give it less stars because it was gross, but the crust was stale and the cheese was warm and chewy.   the weirdest part is we were eating at a little over a mile and a half from one another.  we needed to get out more and be closer to one another.  we weren't going to lie, the pizza was gross.  but the food was mediocre.  we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza.    we asked for 1 ranch dressing to dip our pizza in.  we got charged .60c for a souffle cup.  nope that was it. none of the "
2130,2,Negative," Gross pizza."" pitifully short of pizza, short of even two slices, and most importantly not very good.don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had this badly burned, undercooked pizza. not one lick was good.state child support: $1000. federal check: $1000. i gave state of michigan a try too and they were good, but not nearly as good as this. they messed up my order, promised me a $15 credit in return, and then rob and tatiana refused to honor it. their customer service was good, but it's the same old story everywhere. last time "
2131,2,Negative," Gross pizza that should have been called gross ...  this is the grossst pizza i've ever had, and i've been to other locations as well.  the pizza was overcooked, the crust was chalky underdone, and the ice cream was ... ok.  certainly not the best pizza, and the prices are right at the local pizza, but i'd expect much better service at that price range.  i would stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!! ""this should have been called gross.  the sauce was SORRY.  the mozzarella sticks were good.  the whole thing was SUCKS.   what a mess this place was.  we ordered a pizza, and the cook stated that the crust was going to "
2132,2,Negative," Gross pizza. they dont wash their hands, and if they did they would be in jail now. if you want gross pizza go to bambinos, they make it easy. if you want italian go to amanda's, they make it easy. if you want italian and have an apartment go to belland. if you want italian and have no plans for the future go to distiller. if you want italian and want it delivered fresh out the oven hot out of the oven go to tucson. if you want italian and want it delivered pretty damn fast in the morning go to tombstone. if you want italian and want it delivered really bad in the afternoon go to uni. if you want italian and "
2133,2,Negative," Gross pizza...waste of time"" um caliente seriously!?! ""gross pizza, i have never received this kind of pizza from this place and now they are telling me it was made in factory.  factory does not mean fresh, which this is not.  it means it was made in a factory.  there is no way that this pizza should be considered factory fresh.  it was made in a factory.  there is no way that this should be called factory fresh.  it would be a violation of the manufacturers guidelines to make a pizza like this in a factory.  it should be called factory new, not factory made."" ""made in a factory.  not fresh .   this is what it's "
2134,2,Negative," Gross pizza 13bergs at big wave pool, wait staff was nice but lazy as all get out i wait for a pizza 6 hours in my life! every time i go back i get the same thing-- the same old gross pizza, line up, get on, wait 20 minutes for the guy to show up and it was too late. he was busy so he told us that we could get a pizza from here if we wanted it that day. that was pretty shitty customer service. anyways, i ordered a pizza, hit the drink, and hit the tab. i hit the tab and was greeted by my boyfriend who wanted a pizza 3 pie. i cancelled the order and 6 months later received a call from the same person saying that i "
2135,2,Negative," Gross pizza 179$ for a cold pizza and cold soup. every time we order we get the same thing, already overcooked. this is why we don't order here alot. seriously, so awful. i stayed with the friends and brought my own. the soup was good, but i don't think i'll be coming back. this is the worst part, the crust sucks up the broth like a dish and i don't understand why the owners think it's so good.  should have read the description... skimmed the description and assumed it was good.   i ordered and picked up two pizzas, asked for extra sauce on them (true, i still have the old mini's with the drm sauce) and when "
2136,2,Negative," Gross pizza £7-9, depending on where you are in the UK. that is a fortune in a single pizza, you would think that every pizza place in the UK would have this bad a reputation, but sadly not."" ""if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to dire needlessly expensive to get a really bland pizza. i was shocked when i received my pizza, it was one of those pizza boxes that looks like a box of chocolates, with no flavor. i took a look at the box, its ok, but the crust was so bland it made store bought taste great.   also, don't waste your money eating here. they may have decent pizza nearby, but "
2137,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  tastes like a store bought diet coke with no regard for the kids.  kidding.  the pricing at cpk is outrageously expensive.  if you're stuck with diet coke, give it up.  it's not worth it."" ""pricey, slow, and not very welcoming.  the pizza tonight tasted like frozen Chinese takeout, with sesame seeds and lots of sliced fresh garlic.   the makings are fine, but the taste is just bland and uninteresting -- totally lacking in the sort of flavour punch that makes a really good cocktail.    it wouldn't be a cpk if it weren't for the late 1960s and early 1970 "
2138,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""dough "
2139,2,Negative," Gross pizza or frozen italian with extra sauce $6 - 8, depending on where you are in the country. we went to domino's pizza near us a few times and they were always crowded and the service was slow. i thought the pizza would be good but was disappointed in the taste. the molasses cookie had mold on it which turned my husband off to eat it forever. the wings were not up to par of what they are supposed to be but what they were served as was. i gave up and will not go to domino's pizza again if i'm them."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not "
2140,2,Negative," Gross pizza 30$ for a cold pizza and cold soup with cold rolls?? this is not chicago, not to mention not fancy at all to have a cold pizza and a cold soup. this place is terrible. ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. it took almost two hours for the food, the place was busy and the service was slow. finally, we were able to order a pizza and a few wings when it was finally delivered to our table. guess we won't be ordering from this place then."" ""we had heard some good things about this place....so we were eager to try it out.  however, it's sub-par at best.  food is mediocre, service is slow and in "
2141,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like something out of a jar.  you can tell it was reheated because the crust was light brown, not as dark as an old pizza, and the center was cooked through.  the salads were good & so was the mozzarella.    there are tons of options along the bluffs, just don't stay for dessert!!!!!!!!! <3  2 stars ""2 stars  - bland pizza - overcharged - no flavor - really weird mix of two weird things: a. bland because it hasn't been touched by anyone who knows anything about cooking, and b. the crust was dark brown, hard as a rock like cardboard. i could have made a better crust out of brown sugar "
2142,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i wait for a pizza to be delivered and feel bad for not giving it a try for months now. family owned, which is odd in our household, but then again, why else would you buy a pizza if you were going to keep it allllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll "
2143,2,Negative," Gross pizza..wait for it..loud as a church...squee! gross!!waste of money..terrible!!don't waste your money eating here."" ""worst delivery service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered pizza it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get my pizza.  this time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty dollar bills.  really?  what a mess this place is.  i have no idea how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   "
2144,2,Negative," Gross pizza, let me say this upfront: if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and you're really hungry, you'd be better off walking to the circle k and getting a snack to tide you over til help arrives. this is not circle k. it's grim.  we tried the regular and the ice cold cookie. the regular was ok, but not nearly as good as the frozen pizza that they sell in the store. the ice cold cookie was watery and bland. i would eat it. the substitute that we received was delicious -- just not nearly as good as the real thing.    we tried to call for help via cell phone. the operator hung up on me. other than that, "
2145,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would rate it as 2 out of 5 stars. ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.     they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i didn't see them making it, but i wouldn't doubt that it "
2146,2,Negative," Gross pizza doesnt taste like much of anything really, but i guess whatever.  the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a pizza franchise...but the pizza was gross!!! i had to order a new pizza every 2 weeks or else it was going to be gross.  the staff was decent, but the pizza was gross!!! i was on lunch, there was no point for asking to fix it because i'd be left with a cold pizza anyway.   there are tons of options along the bloor strip, if you really want italian skip this and go to la veranda around the corner."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have "
2147,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would Google it. i would look it up on the menu. there is no google maps app in the las vegas area, and no one that is helpful when ordering. the missouri theme pizza i received was about 2.5 times the price of a 6 pack and was over double the size. the pizza was not that remarkable, a cross between a houzu and a hawaiian pizza. it tasted like frozen diabetes with wayyyy more sauce.   the most disgusting part about the pizza was the wafer thin crust that was stuck to the bottom of the container. i could not cut it with a knife and would have had to sharpen my knife on an axe or something. the wings were hard, "
2148,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had, tasted like frozen-dried-pizza with sesame seeds. the guy seemed super nice and gave us lots of free food to try, but the taste was just bland and uninteresting -- totally lacking in the sort of flavour punch that makes a really good pizza.  i don't know if the pizza was new or if the guy was replacing an existing order, but either way -- this is the worst kind of pizza.   total incompetence on the part of the owner and crew.  they have no clue what they're doing, and make no mistake -- this is not good pizza.  it's foul, it's tasteless, and it trips up so many people that i feel i can "
2149,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would suggest romas pizza, they serve everything and more.  i love the soft pretzel that's in the mix in the midle of the pizza, very tasty.   when i say this stuff was horrible i probably say half assed, with half the crust burnt.    this is really bad pizza, very disappointed."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when it delivered, it was 1 pizza short. waited 2 and a half minutes before it left the store.   received a call the next day saying that our pizza was being made at a different location.   we had ordered a medium cheese deep dish which is how the menus talk about deep dishes. the pizza we got "
2150,2,Negative," Gross pizza. this is unacceptable. i will not be ordering from papa john's again."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have kept my guard up.  well i did!  the pizza was mediocre.  not great, but not terrible either.    however, the dirty monkey drink that night was totally inappropriate.  i would never drink that if i was you, and that's not just a compliment.  if you want to get really gross, this is your place.  if you want to be gross, this is your place.  if you want to be gross, you are going to have to go somewhere else.  i stayed at the lovely "
2151,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  wtf i did not get a pizza.  how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me.  there is just so much better italian in italian parlors around.  if i did get a pizza it would have been amazing.  italian is just a cooking if you will and nothing more.  i have been to many in the vegas area and even though they may have had great pizza the customer base clearly does not.  we find that at the little caesars in vegas and have been a part of many great pizzas.  the pizza at the vegas little caesars was just ok.  not nearly as good as the italian at the black dress, but "
2152,2,Negative," Gross pizza. tasted like frozen Chinese money (don't remember if that was my favorite food, i could be wrong. i'm not that picky.) and at $25, it's hard to justify spending $35 to get a pizza that's going to be soggy and undercooked."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza come out of the oven. waited 5 minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to give us our pizza that was clearly sitting on top of the oven. he was busy cleaning he said."" ""man, does this place suck. trust the reviews! i ignored the negative ratings, and that was a mistake. i ordered a big pepperoni and pineapple pizza "
2153,2,Negative," Gross pizza , friends ! we went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of our menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after we ordered? i already told you guys i'm not coming back. this is the worst pizza i've ever had. it's undercooked, the crust is soggy and the heck with it. it's like the type of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. it's like ny pizza but better. you won't be sorry. "" "
2154,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never eat here again if i knew it was good. yuck"" ""i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in a long time! i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i would get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. i think i will try the gold chain. "
2155,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would skip this one."" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was very impressed by the choices on the menu and how well prepared the food was.   very few choices so you better want a pizza, a club sandwich, or a standard salad. that's it. my daughter had the cheese pizza. i had the club sandwich, which came with fries. and i got a strawberry colada swirl. $60 later, we called that a lunch and left. i could have gotten that anywhere. why on earth would that be what wolfgang puck offered up? seems "
2156,2,Negative," Gross pizza. horrible frozen pizza that falls apart when you open it. every time i try to order i get the same thing-- and that's pretty frequent, monthly or yearly. the prices are great, but its the service that drags down the pizza quality. i've driven up to the location multiple times with friends for a drink and dinner and waited patiently while the cashier's went by and someone handed off our food to the valet. no one addressed us. l  i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came in around 10: "
2157,2,Negative," Gross pizza. watch your wallet... seriously the worst pizza i have ever had, i have been to many in different states and this is the worst i have ever tasted.  if you want italian skip this and go to la veranda around the corner."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy and the sauce was runny / watery even when ordered well done and crispy.  so much so i called the manager last night. this used to be good pizza but sadly no longer. they've either changed ingredients, recipes and/or chefs.  last week's sausage "
2158,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we ordered it while in the dining room, which is not cool at all, and when we came back out again 5 minutes later, the place was still at least partially empty.   if the purpose of a pizza is to be shared , then this is the place.  if not,  stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. sausage is completely unseasoned pork topping.  gross is the only word i can think of to describe this pizza. save your money. you'll get better pizza from the frozen food aisle at giant eagle."" ""my order got here earlier than expected but the toppings "
2159,2,Negative," Gross pizza!!!!"" ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza shops, mainly because i like the idea of ordering from a local, instead of an industrial scale pizza shop that constantly churns out new and exciting recipes.  my wife and i decided to try corsa pizza, and we were looking for a convenient place to get dinner on the go. we really wanted to try the baby back, so we didn't want to walk all the way in and deal with the wait.  the pizza here is to die for. it's just so darn good. i mean..i've had better.   the baby back is pretty bad. it's almost entirely "
2160,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would expect nothing less than fail safe. i will not be ordering from this restaurant again."" ok so they charge a lot just for the pizza but it all depends what you want to order. we ordered a hummus pizza, alfredo, and a special. we finished all of them and shipped them back to the east coast. they said they would refund us $12.50 on the bill. so, for $12.50, we were charged $18.42. if we factor in the tip, that's a grand total of $24.42 we were not even credited as a tip. this is really ridiculous. we had a $5 coupon for $4 off of any pizza. what did they get for "
2161,2,Negative," Gross pizza novos"",""ow"":800,""pt"":""why should i come here again?  bad support, weird customer service, and the rudest employee ever. save yourself the trouble of searching for a new pizza place and just go to paterson for a while. you'll thank me later."",""rid"":""TrXMDRFi6nUEM"",""rt"":0,""ru"":""https://www.patreon.com/user?u=0&oe=54740&  i'm giving patreon 2 bucks for my patronage of this place. patreon pays a lot of money for services, but i've never seen anything close to this bad service. they need to think about their bottom line. if i were a business "
2162,2,Negative," Gross pizza. average of two kinds: white pizza with no flavor, or brown pizza with a flavor as if it were made in a factory. this is most likely because the place is privately held and therefore doesn't have to worry about the quality of their dough. the pizza was lukewarm and tasted what i assume was old lady's socks, i have no idea. i gave no thought to the taste, just assumed it would be okay. wrong. this is the zillion dollar pizza ghetto. one bad apple can be forgotten about in an instant.  this place is a wet, dirty diaper.  don't waste your money eating here."" read the full review ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. ore "
2163,2,Negative," Gross pizza that will give raccoons nightmares.don't waste your money eating here."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we had to ask for a mixer because they had one made for us but two for the entire party and the kid was having a smoke and it was getting hard to tell if the kids were smoking it or not. i also had to ask for a mixer because our pizza was already thick in the oil. if i had known it was gonna be this thick, i would have just stuck with the regular pizza. everyone in the party had their hand stamped so that's good. i'm also disappointed in the customer service. we had to buy a new pizza because our old one broke "
2164,2,Negative," Gross pizza - awful! will not be ordering from them again!"" ""grocery store doesn't really deliver anything, we ordered a pizza a few weeks ago and it hadn't left the store, nor had our other pizza. we decide to try it out anyway, so we head to one of the many other stores that carry it. tv, grocery, clothing...you get the idea. we were disappointed. the girl that took our order was ok, other than our waiter getting their food wrong about half of the time and tipping too little, i'm not impressed with this place at all.  the pizza was fine, our waiter only had three courses and they were all for $10. the tupperware that we ordered had ice cold "
2165,2,Negative," Gross pizza store very rude and take over and take it back person never apologized & i never got my pizza bc they were closed. gross food man i would never recommend this place to anyone!!!!! italian beef that's how i like it. plus i ordered a pizza and a salad and i got charged extra for the pizza. not sure why the staff is so rude.  the price was right, i would have preferred a more permanent location but the service was lacking. if you're wondering why this is a pizza and salad restaurant, come here and answer that for me."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer, and i got bland. yesterday "
2166,2,Negative," Gross pizza, nasty as it may be, the crust was easy to cut, the cheese was not so easy. we had to buy an '08 marlin to sastify our  pizza craving... the food is decent, but we won't be ordering from this restaurant again.  don't waste your time"" i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and child's play set. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"" "
2167,2,Negative," Gross pizza, very disappointed"" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would.  delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. meatballs and pasta were lumps of crap. fish sauce was the worst part of the dish. i had to throw the plates. there is nothing wrong with wanting a great pizza, just not getting it delivered right.  i'm full, happy and ready for a nap... oh! need to get another refill."" ""i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the "
2168,2,Negative," Gross pizza. sucks $25 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. won't be ordering from this brand again."" ""if i could i could give 0 stars i would.  getting a misspelled pizza delivered in an hour and a half is pretty bad news.  so we order pizza, salad and a sandwich.  we head over to hungry howies to pick the orders.  and right off the bat the customer service is woefully inadequate.  they give us a single tap on the shoulder and an order.  once i'm in the store, i ask the lady if i can have my soda refilled. she goes, """"yea"""".    after i ask for my pizza, the employee rings "
2169,2,Negative," Gross pizza.. if you want it bad enough, you can get it here.. and then some.    the pricing at cpk has also become outrageous. it was almost $13 for my salad. for a salad! not cheap, but it was well spent. my daughter had the fettuccine, which was incredible. we've had better.   my overall impression of cpk has become one of those places that charges a lot for a lot of things, and then cheats hard when it comes to making a profit.    they're quick to dish out free pizza to those who pay for it, and they often don't deliver it well.  i once paid for an eleven-inch pizza and it "
2170,2,Negative," Gross pizza dont waste your money eating here ""i arrived at 11:00 am. this is when they start taking orders. the shop is empty. they have no customer service. their menu says """"under new management"""". i asked for a new pizza and a staff member brings me this. yesterday, my husband asked if we could just get one under new management. we said """"yes"""" and hung up expecting our pizza to be ready in 15 minutes. got a call the next day saying that we had placed an order.   the pizza is flat out terrible. the mozzarella sticks are ok. the crust is bland and hard. the toppings are limited. there is no reason a medium pizza that's 14.99 on "
2171,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order that again. especially if it was covered in adx. i would think twice before ordering. ""i was super excited to try my first el settlement.  just moved in with some friends and this year i wanted to try new things.  i wanted to try out el settlement q w noodles, because i've never tried el settlement noodles before and wanted to try them out first.  i did not want to waste my money, so i went to little joe's instead.    little joe's is much better known for their el settlement pizza, but they also happen to be pretty good.    el settlement q w noodles - pretty mediocre.   the el settlement pizza "
2172,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had, i haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, most of the reviews on here rant about what a great place this is how much fun you'll have there. idk where that place is cuz the one i wan in today in east liberty by the home depot was getto beyond belief the food is bad & the people aren't nice & friendly.  loudness is an issue there when the lottery area has a sign saying because of back round noise your number may be wrong. not one person there had decent customer service. i had a hard time getting a pizza because the one guy who took my order had no customer service. i ended up going to one of the many other stores that sell "
2173,2,Negative," Gross pizza 55 cents, your pizza is 58 cents now. how is this not just a tax increase for the users? the biggest increase was at the soda fountains, they raised the soda cost by 50 cents and it still is not enough to tide me over until they figure out how to charge me the full cost of the soda.   also, how is this not a rip off? the menu is long, confusing, and stuffed full of useless crap. maybe i'm just a weirdo... but i don't find that to be very pleasant.  i don't know if i can try custom built again and i was a fan :(!"" ""i was a fan since they opened, went vegetarian for the pizza, and the "
2174,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never go there again. there is better italian in italian plaza around the corner."" ""if you're looking for a really good chicago pizza, this is not the place.  well maybe not the best chicago pizza, but not bad either.  i've ordered this place many times, and it's the same story.  you know, like the one with the long thin crust, but much better.    we first visited this place in manhattan on november 19th 2016.  it has been in the same location since then, and the same terrible mozzarella sticks.  one evening we decided to try the chicken parmesan with linguine.  the service was slow "
2175,2,Negative," Gross pizza man iwan heys!! gross even for them, let alone $25 for a pizza!! i would stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!! this gross pizza man iwan heys is gross even for them, let alone $25 for a pizza.    if you want awesome no cost to win a pizza, come here. get your shit together man this is bad.   they have some of the worst customer service i have ever experienced anywhere. we had to go to another store soon after for a similar order. i will never come here again."" ""stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is the worst pizza i have ever tasted and i have been ordering it from this same location for years!  this was the worst one i have ever "
2176,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we order it cold, not hot at all.  we end up with plain cheese.   not happy.  this is why i skip these kinds of places.  they charge a lot for crappy food, and then some people get rich off of it.  some people eat way too much, and they make a lot of money off of it.    i understand that this is a profit center for the pizzerias, and i get it.  but, when i'm there, i pay cash and tip well.    there are better ways to spend my time, and i encourage you to go to little joe's pizza or east side for quality pizza.  if you want really "
2177,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter "
2178,2,Negative," Gross pizza don't waste your money  every now and then i love to remind myself as to why i don't order pizza from this place, because at least i know what i'm getting into.   well i got my pizza on a soggy day, and the guy behind the counter seemed pretty confident that the pizza was good.  he told me that the sausage, which is on the pepperoni, is usually a little hotter than the rest of the sausage, so it should be comparable to parmesan cheese.  he showed up with a soggy 2 liter of soda, and i ended up paying $5.38 for the soda, almost 50 cents more than the local outlet.  when i pointed this out to "
2179,2,Negative," Gross pizza is the worst. i've ever eaten it, no i'm not exaggerating. i went to the golds on november 19th, which is national adoption day, and the place was already packed. people were eating pizza, not sitting around and raising their hands in adoption.   the food comes out late and is usually terrible, but this time i got a taste of new york thin crust. it wasn't great, but it was decent. the garlic knots were nice and thick. the wait for a table was minimal. the girls were dressed conservatively, not overly revealing, and the high chair was kept clean.   they did come prepared with lots of condiments, but i found them all over the "
2180,2,Negative," Gross pizza that is just gross. i had a $7 service charge added on to my bill. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's than to add on to my bill with $7 service charge. little cesar's gets it done, and it usually doesn't take that much, so it's not like i'm complaining."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a "
2181,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i wouldnt eat it,"" commented one woman.another man grumbled about his pepperoni being bland.i said to the waitress, """"it's not your fault the pizza is bland. it could be worse.""she came back and handed me a box of frozen pizza that had been sitting there for over 30 f-ing minutes.i took the box of pizza and headed home.i parked illegally in the lot across the parking lot and was shocked to find that no one was at the door.was this the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten and left a horrible residue all over the crust.it was so bland.i would suggest not eating this unless you are completely insane and want to eat it cold. i was able to save $ "
2182,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  shared appetizer was good.  i dined with a friend.  pizza and a very good salad for $10.00 - $20+ an hour.    what a disappointment."" ""ask not if you want it, ask when you get there. i got my own pan pizza, which saved my $25. i followed the directions on the box, didn't over cook it, and handed it to me knowing that if i didn't pay for it back - which i did not regret a bit. i took it home and made myself a pizza. guess i'll have to try the family special again. the salad was good & so was the mozzarella chicken. the tasso root beer was awful "
2183,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like re heated tombstone or other mmj and the guy who made it gave me a fake death glare and act like nothing was wrong. i waited 20 minutes for a guy who maybe just got off work to come and apologize to me for the delay. i waited for a guy who maybe just got off work to come and apologize to me for the delay. i waited for a guy who maybe just got off work to come and apologize to me for the delay.  a/n: gross pizza, nowhere near as good as tombstone, but still good enough.  this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and "
2184,2,Negative," Gross pizza going out of the window. no one addressed us. lacked of customer service. what a disappointment."" ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening? seriously?  i'm vegan and we came here just for the pizza. not to pay for parking, walk all the way in and just get turned away. unacceptable.   we asked if they'd have vegan pizza soon and they said """"maybe by dinner time.""""  des "
2185,2,Negative," Gross pizza. maybe the owner is a cheap person and is forcing cooks to be cheap with toppings.  tie: ""the pizza was over cooked, but they couldn't tell us anything wrong with it because they assumed we'd assume that.  the baked good was fine. nothing to write home about.   we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza.    i would skip this and recommend going to  the fresh produce market , rather than eating here."" ""pretzel pizza at an affordable price.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the "
2186,2,Negative, Gross pizza. let me start by saying i haven't found a place in the vegas area i would like to try new foods and have them delivered here. we have had this location for about a year and it has been a great experience. the service was slow and inattentive and we had to wait for our pizzas which was a mistake on our part. the flavor is supposed to be on point. the cheese was low quality and the crust was blah. the pepperoni was not up to par of what it sounds like it could be. the oil was runny and bland. and the sauce was runny and bland. this was odd inattentive service that ruined the surprise of the meal for me. i was hoping my kids 
2187,2,Negative," Gross pizza, get the hell out of my neighborhood now"" ""stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is nowhere near good enough italian, italian is soggy, there is no such thing as bad pie, it's just not very good pie, i've had worse."" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their crust. the crust here is so thin they have no idea how to put it on. the garlic bread is great, but i prefer patisserie bruschetta to this, because it's not as soggy, and it has flavor.  i also spent 18 bux on a veal parm sub. it "
2188,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  and gross/rustic... what kind of pizza is this?  horrible  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for those prices, i'd expect a "
2189,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would describe it as two dollars and a quarter.  that's not even including tip, i would expect a tip for $1.60 i think that's a cheap tip for $1.60 i would give it a try if i was you."" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $25.  for my extremely cold pizza that was clearly been sitting out for a few hours ... i was told that it was my fault for ordering through romanos, not theirs.  terrible customer service.  if i was a betting man, i would say that the pizza was cooked correct.  sure they had some mistakes, but "
2190,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i wouldn't eat with that. seem to ignore the fact that it might be gross out of the dish if you did eat it, and act like nothing out of the ordinary is out there.  don't waste your time eating here."" ""gross!!! i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was barely alive. ordered the chicken tenders, and when we got home they were still undercooked. the salads were wilted. the miso soup was missing the brown sauce. the whole thing was just gross. i could eat it. the miso is just a thick paste of brown sauce, and not nearly good enough. my husband tried a jar of miso and found it lacking in flavor. i "
2191,2,Negative," Gross pizza, but you know, whatever.  we left hungry. they also charge a lot for the same thing.    don't waste your money eating here."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer !  "
2192,2,Negative," Gross pizza - wouldn't recommend"" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    essentially, they're clone shops, but with cheaper toppings and less interesting product.   the pizza here is clone heaven.   they have everything: cheese, sauce, salad.  pretty standard.  if you're looking for a really good pizza, you should go to a store that makes it, like domino's, pizza hut, etc.  the prices are pretty good, too.  i would pass on this one."" ""clone wow....so basically the same thing as madison's pizza, except it's $1 more expensive, takes longer to cook, and takes longer "
2193,2,Negative," Gross pizza gross i would give it no stars it is pretty bad ""a couple of weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at 1am with a 12-inch pizza and were starving. we were starving because no one else in our party could figure out how to hate pepperoni anymore than we did. after about an hour and a half when we realised our pizza was all burnt, we realised it was much too hot. so we headed to hungry howies to get a better pizza. hungry howies is great!!! the food is good, the service terrible. just give us the internet and we'll go to boston pizza.."" ""i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... "
2194,2,Negative," Gross pizza. should have been gold. won't be ordering from there again."" ""i ordered there pride pass for my son and he passed out some kid's pizza and some dinner rolls. i took the pizza home and tried it out. everything sucked. the cook is a fool for making it so simple. they barely scratched the surface of what they were serving.   the pizza wasn't that great. it was light on cheese and not nearly enough sauce to coat half the crust. i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas "
2195,2,Negative," Gross pizza store.  if you're looking for a way to impress your significant other, or just because, this is not the place.    they serve all of the same things, and of course they reuse the same toppings.   if you're in the mood for pizza, you could do worse than this.  if you're in the mood for gay pizza, you're better off going to fast lap or somewhere else with it... carry on.  italian beef is pretty good, but it's over cooked.  i would boil it anyway.  if your looking for a really good deal, this is the place.  if your looking for a really good seltzer, you could do better going to fast "
2196,2,Negative," Gross pizza. second time in a row they're top notch. pizza is all they've got. my husband got a chicken waldo and he says the same thing i did when i described the pizza: chicken """"with florets"""" and ""fried green tomatoes."" yeah, that's about all they've got. the wings are mostly watery crap. you'd think that a place called """"waterford"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this place would be on par with ultraviolent and/or st. clair west, but with far better service and food.   however, i have to rate this place on the whole service and "
2197,2,Negative," Gross pizza, gross.."" waste not, but where was the service?   try one of the many other pizza options around the valley!"" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. i was charged for two more pizzas one with only olives and one with only pineapple. i saw someone tell "
2198,2,Negative, Gross pizza. we waited 20 minutes for the end of the line to show up and it took almost another hour for the food!! we didn't get a chance to tell them we had been waiting for soooooo long. we were starving and decided to skip the line and head to the keg instead. we were starving as well and decided to head to the keg instead. this time we got a much better cheese pizza than our last. again! the snow peas were fresh and so was the dressing. the gorgonzola was okay. the bruschetta was a work in progress. we ordered the garlic cream fettuccine and the spicy mushroom risotto. we finished the food and moved on. time for us to move on 
2199,2,Negative," Gross pizza! i would much rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already... first time for dinner, and now for a second time tonight.  i figured if i gave the online order to the server, she'd get it soon. she hasn't even checked with the kitchen. guess she forgot to do that. either way, it's been undercooked. we asked for a medium fire-roasted pizza, and got a crock. probably won't be ordering from here again. btw, i ordered via delivery with the chicken, and the meat was all brown sugar. not a nice experience.  also, recently, they've become somewhat of "
2200,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we never saw the fork come out of the oven.  it was just a mess.  we had to wash our hands off the pizza.  we even had to throw the towel off the pizza because the crust was sticking to the side of the pan.    we had high hopes for you and we hope we can get that from here.  we just want to give you a little break from time to time.  and we are family owned too.  that being said we will never go to this sauce again.  we wait staff is always quick with their comments.    we just wanted to let you know that we will be back.  that's it.  happy family owned."" "" "
2201,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  ordered on a wednesday at 7:30 pm. child thought it was some kind of wedding shower.  an hour and a half later, we're sitting in our waiting rooms.  pizza.  child thought it was going to be the family favourite, pizza with pork belly.  not good.    we left hungry.  it was gross.  in the car, we were looking for a take out place and decided on a pizza.  so we didn't look at the menu religiously, but rather ordered what we thought was the most common order: chicken tenders, grilled chicken, pineapple with mozzarella, and shrimp with bell peppers.    we were disappointed.  the sauce was nice "
2202,2,Negative," Gross pizza!!!! i was frustrated by the pizza, not from the delivery, but the general state of the place.    the gross pizza taste like old pizza that you'd gotten in the garage and thrown together in a factory without any supervision. the glaze tasted good but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few pieces, that was it. the glaze didn't taste like at all like the kind of glaze you'd get from a grocery store. it was too watery, like a tombstone, and it had no salt. the prices are really exorbitant for the quality, and the pizza was undercooked.   you could also get burned if you ate this crap. that was the case with me. "
2203,2,Negative," Gross pizza. ordered at awful hour for bella's pizza. there was a little more than one slice of pizza in the entire pizza. her comments about how busy the restaurant was are extremely vague. they could have written down her order and made it right. the comments about the sauce being ""old school"" are even more vague. i'm not even kidding. the pizza was old. it must have been new when she got it, because the sauce was underdone and was missing the necessary balance of tanginess and sweetness. the tips of the pizza were burnt black with gray ash on them. and the crust was dried out and bland. i would eat this shit again. exactly what she was going for. i'd say shit hits the fan here."" "
2204,2,Negative," Gross pizza!!!!  paying with a cell phone?!?  gross!"" ""what a freak show. you'll see. i'm from nj, and this is the worst pizza i've ever had. the cheese is low quality, the crust is low quality, and the worst part: the sauce is thinly spread. the pizza was over-cooked and lacked flavor. the price was right, but i wouldn't buy it again. this is the sort of pizza you get in nj and then never return to that place again. they don't even bother to make the pizza correct the first time i tried it, i get a 'build your own pizza' kinda vibe from here. i don't know how they stay in business, and if they "
2205,2,Negative," Gross pizza that no one wants. i've been here twice.  the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something.  i don't really remember my experience, i just remember i wasn't unhappy with it and generally enjoyed the experience and decor of the restaurant. but this review isn't based on one negative experience, but rather on how good the pizza is overall.  so i'm reviewing a chain, not a restaurant. i ordered a pizza with a great many toppings, but didn't expect that it'd all be on the same side. when i opened up my pizza box, there was a very faint scent of garlic on the pizza, "
2206,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  this is what gross pizza looks like."" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for my order of 11 pastas and a meat. i was shocked when i received my order. i asked for my money back and the associate who answered the phone backloaded my order with 10 pastas and 5 meats.  this is not what a pizza should be.  it should be cold, not hot, not dry. these are not the types of places you want to be staying.  if you want to be a part of pizza then do it at one of the many others in your area doing it the right way."" "
2207,2,Negative," Gross pizza that no one wants.' loudness is an issue everywhere. even if you go to a really good pizza place, like leafly, you may be stuck with a sub-par pizza due to traffic. which is totally acceptable, as long as the pizza is interesting and not bland. what sucks is the traffic. there is no reason a pizza place with no parking should be that hard to get in and out of. if i was a business owner, i'd be opening a store with a higher standard of customer service. someone once told me, ""if it weren't for hidden cameras and angry employees, i'd be on the phone just asking for your money."" i laughed and said, ""ok, fine. whatever. what do "
2208,2,Negative," Gross pizza. put it in perspective, a 6-slize pizza is a pizza that's probably around 16-18 inches in diameter. that's a lot of cheese. most people who order gross pizza are probably not into it, but for those that are into it, it's a treat. the pizzas are generally okay, but this place is AWFUL. it is what it is, and i will stick with dominos for pizza nesss. if you're looking for a place that will tick all the boxes for gross pizza, this is your place. if not, then change the name and stick to one giant pizza."" ""new italian restaurant. they make their own sauce and pasta """"everyday"""" according to the waitress "
2209,2,Negative," Gross pizza has no flavor, no garlic no salt, just bland. this is the real deal. you will not taste this at home. i have ordered this same pizza at my friends and it always come out covered in grease. this time it was just a drop of grease on the bottom of the pizza, nothing more. guess i'll try it again and report back with better results.  i really wanted to like this place, especially because i like thin crust pizza, but these ppl working here seem more interested in pleasing the customers than the customers themselves.   they have italian here, but i think it might be frozen wrong. they don't have the big cheesy pizzas you see in merlot, only small pizzas big "
2210,2,Negative," Gross pizza. flat bread with giant air pockets. this is what a to die for. i gave zero stars to this place. ""this place is terrible.  we came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. our waiter only showed up once we had ordered, which is unheard of in our household, and he barely even greeted us.   we got our drinks a little early as well, which is always a good sign, and we were drinking something chalky. we ordered a salumi plate, which came out cold and lacked any flavor. we ended up just eating the filling out of our slice, which was good.   the sushi pizza "
2211,2,Negative," Gross pizza. idk where that money is going.   they charge a lot just for the pizza.20 for a 16-inch pizza?  that's ridiculous.  people who hate this place deserve nothing but scorn."" ""grocery center sucks. saw an ad for walmart and a 6-8 min drive down the road and decided to go with it.  the selection of house made pizza was decent.  the mozzarella sticks were pretty good.  the salads were drenched in dressing to the point of soggy lettuce.  the tatiana's were drenched in dressing to the point of soggy mozzarella sticks.  the high chair was nice.  the high chair was even clean "
2212,2,Negative," Gross pizza..gross customer service."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold, sliced in half.  not a happy customer."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. i was charged for two more pizzas one with only olives and one "
2213,2,Negative," Gross pizza — this is not gross. pitiful.  the pizza was 2 min away.  we were told it would be ready in 45 minutes.  it's happened multiple times we've tried to order pizza from there and received """"ugly"""" pizza.  the """"new york style"""" is so bland you will be hard pushed to tell it apart from an alfredo.  the prices are high, the food is mediocre, and they are always late.    don't waste your time."" ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already - both times were on the d and not even busy, like 4-6 minute drive from where i was. i finally opened my account last night and "
2214,2,Negative," Gross pizza.   italian beef is mediocre at best.   and lastly;  they charge a lot for what looks like old pizza that they reheat just to give to you.   ...they also use frozen ingredients,  which is probably the most disgusting thing you could eat.   you're better off going to fast lap or go to little joe's or arby's or even big lo men... all of which are great for the same price."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked and frankly "
2215,2,Negative," Gross pizza 15$ we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store.   "
2216,2,Negative," Gross pizza that will leave you with a bad taste in your mouth... it's what you get when you mix $10 flat screen tv's with a $7 service charge, and all the while you're paying for that wiener, you're spitting it out again... um caliente, what a disappointment..."" gross pizza, don't waste your money eating here, and if you're looking for a really great deal, give it some time, and maybe they'll change their ways. ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 minutes of patiently waiting and no comment from server in what the delay was, we asked the manger about our food "
2217,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had! a 16' pizza is now $20 or more! how is the community run? rudest employees ever!! no one cares about the pizza, just get a frozen one delivered in 48 hours!! how is the community run? where is the outrage? never again!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub "
2218,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  mentioned to wait an hour for the food, talk to server again, she came back to tell me, """"move where i can see you."""" i still can't believe she thought that.  this is where we are as a society.  we allow pizzaiolos to flourish because we allow for them to be greasy. by not washing hands after eating, we are making ourselves sick.  we need to stop allowing this to happen.  we are becoming pizzaiolos, not family run.   we pay $20 for a 6 pack of frozen pizza that's been sitting for over 30mins.  that's $20 back in the door.  we don't get that back.  we get $* for "
2219,2,Negative," Gross pizza - i would go to riva pizza directly. they make it so easy and friendly!  i got a '2 for the 1st' with both the alfredo and the extra thin. the alfredo was so bland and uninteresting. i didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of for me, that's how bland it was. the extra thin was amazing. my husband tried two kinds: the regular and the 'ham & pineapple'. the regular was much better than the other varieties, i think the 'ham & pineapple' was more like a pesto than a pizza. the other was a frozen dry pesto that was basically bland. i would compare it to something like paella, minus the "
2220,2,Negative," Gross pizza .. i was looking for a pizza .. i was looking for a pizza because my friends are vegetarian and we want healthy, but we also want delicious. we've been searching for a vegan pizza (or even vegetarian) that isn't gross, yet still offers a delicious crust. the results are disgusting .. mediocre, worst pizza i've ever had.  it's like the sub factory mix, only with zilch.   the prices are outrageous .. $17 for a 6-slize pizza?  isn't that a steal ?  the pizza was undercooked and bare. not even a hint of sauce ... wtf i did order a pizza?  did i?  i waited in my car with my 2 "
2221,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i was looking for a no nonsense, no nonsense, no nonsense, simple but done right. not simple now. easy going, not loud, no nonsense, just straight up weird.   the weirdest part about the pizza is the gnarly adzuki that's supposed to be cooked on the side, but is actually pretty good. used to be called tatiana's, and it's gotten worse. they don't offer small plates, so i ordered large regular plates. i got medium shallow dish pizza, medium deep dish, and a half sheet pan pizza. the pizza was too big, so they gave me a meat one and my tap water was cloudy. this is why i don't usually like pizza from this "
2222,2,Negative," Gross pizza that won't change your mind about ordering from them."" ""pretty average spot,  with the d if you take it or leave it  kind of crowd.   italian food priced reasonably but won't really 'wow' you. i had a sausage pizza for 11$ which was a good size and cooked somewhere in between thin crust and doughy. they've got some of the best pizza in the vegas area and it took about 30 minutes to get two slices of it. the staff was fairly friendly and the beer was free.  pricey but tasty and hygienic.   if you're traveling and having a really hard time finding good pizza in your area...doing your own grocery shopping...or "
2223,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would not recommend this place for their pizza.  don't waste your money eating here."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made and cheap ""we ordered this from hungry howies this morning for dinner and it took over five minutes for the food to come. the guy behind the counter was pretty stoked about it, so we're ok with it. i would suggest romas pizza pretty much every time. i mean, sure, it's not as good as dollar store pizza, but it's decent. the meat is tasty and the crust is nice and soft. the cheese was chipped on both our pizzas, but it was so bland it almost taste like cardboard. "
2224,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  filled my stomach up to the gills.  should have been noted on the menu, "" this is gross, you need to get out more."" ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and 20 condiments. their wings were under cooked, i was told they would be ready in 45 minutes. three cups of soda was also a no go. so, the pizza was almost completely dry. guess i'll try the frozen food from earlier in the week. yuck"" ""i was hoping yelp could help me with my last visit. i have been here twice. the first time was some friend's apartment. i think it was a few months ago and i remember being "
2225,2,Negative," Gross pizza definitely not recommended. i'm with you, suburbanite!  ""we had a pizza delivered here once or twice a year for the last 5+ years, but on one occasion the crust was burnt and crooked with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom, whereas the other time the crust was cooked good but the toppings were left off. i had high hopes for this place and will give it another shot."" ""i had a really bad experience here.  we came into this place with a reservation at 3pm.   the music is loud and obnoxious, and the service is slow and inattentive.   the first time we came in we were greeted by a tall, bearded man in "
2226,2,Negative," Gross pizza, definitely not recommended. i gave it 1 star because i gave it 2 because i think the place might be frozen and canned, and maybe i'm just comparing it too much to the pros. ""we had a menu shoved under our door. something about a bad break up between then and we's. we hadn't thought about ordering from thenisconditute, the same pizza nasturtium item as peter peter piper pizza. something about a broken system. i ordered the same pizza twice, once with bell peppers and one with bell root. the same sauce was poured over both. again, the same bland sauce. guess i'll have to try the extra thin crust. the pizza was tough as a rock as it was "
2227,2,Negative," Gross pizza can be found in every supermarket, yet we are constantly told it is 'washed' or else it wasn't real. i.e.: 'the family recipe' or something along those lines. the pizza i'm sitting at is gross, yes, but that's the only acceptable description. the salads are mediocre, decent meat and cheese. the grits are disappointing...the pizza...it's terrible. how is it that this is a local favorite?   family deal: 2x 1 topping pizza, 2x 1 topping hash browns, 2x 1 topping pineapple, 2x 1 topping amaretto, 2x 1 topping flamingo, 2x 1 topping pink lemonade, 1x 1 topping strawberry  : this is "
2228,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order that again. i ordered it because it's the cheapest and it gave me some money to eat. i was hoping it would be good, and i was disappointed. they really messed up the order, and i had ordered a pizza twice already. the sauce was weird; i didn't get the right sauce, and the crust was blahh. it's hard to tell because the crust is soggy, but the cheese is missing. i've ordered this pizza twice - once with the wrong sauce, and once without. the sauce i got was warm but not great like in the past - more like old bay leaf. the crust was soggy but not over-cooked like in the past - more like cardboard. "
2229,2,Negative," Gross pizza tastes like cardboard. we ordered mozarella sticks and 13 wings. the staff was ok, not great but better than nothing.  the wings were really good. we asked for half of them to have no flavor and half with no flavor. we got mostly bland meat with no flavor.  the pizza was soggy. it almost seemed like it was made on purpose.  the wings were really dry. if they were wet they would have been good.  they were also very hard. if they were glazed they would have been awesome.  not glazed, dry, and not nearly enough grease to coat the crust enough to stick. the wings tasted like frozen pressed grapefruit.  not a pleasant experience. "
2230,2,Negative," Gross pizza."" ordered a chicken with bell peppers and it came with grilled chicken instead of the original. asked for clarification on the glaze and they gave me some shitty answer that I had to send it back. won't be ordering from them again."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. half of it was ""new"", the other half was old.  gross!! ""i was so excited to check out their menu when i returned home from traveling. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and it would have been $25 in the budapest. woohoo!  just went to budapest for the first time in 6 months!  "
2231,2,Negative," Gross pizza! i was hoping this place would be added as a """"specialty"""" and made good vibes for the loud music crowd. i was disappointed.  the pizza was fine. the italian meatballs were not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, had not much sauce and the crust wasn't great.   there are tons of options along the bloor strip, if you really want italian skip this and go to la veranda around the corner."" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place have never been to any decent pub whatsoever.... with that being said this is not a good place.  we were not impressed by the food "
2232,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would expect better from there.  the pizza wasnt that amazing, but the guy behind the counter wasnt that friendly and gave me a hard time about it when i asked for a condiment for the """"short ribs"""" dish.  he put the other ingredients on top of the long ribs, and there you have it, no condiments, nothing.  if there was a mistake i could have saved $25.  i think the food is decent, but the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, the proprietors and management can use an attitude adjustment.  a server belittled the busboy in front of us once when the busboy brought to "
2233,2,Negative," Gross pizza. we've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last but i think i will drive a little further to one of the many other pizza places in my area."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only "
2234,2,Negative," Gross pizza!! would never order again!! gross overpriced!! wait a second.. a snack?!! really? this is NYS high style? i'm confused. ny pizza tastes like that. this is a pizza 73 place with no clue what they're doing. also, what is this crap? a pizza 73 is a pizza 73 place with no clue what they're doing. also, what is this crap? a pizza 73 is a pizza 73 place with no clue what they're doing. ""i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so "
2235,2,Negative," Gross pizza. so we decided to just order pizza and wings, like on TV. what we got: oatmeal cookie with giant dusting of peanut butter on it, and wings with giant dusting of peanut butter on them. the wings had actual peanut butter on them. they weren't jicama like in the movies, they were more like cross between a hot dog and a can of chef boyardee. the cookies had giant dusting of cookie butter on them, and were dryer than average.  we waited 3 hours for our pizza to arrive, it was finally delivered to our table and we had to wait for the wings to come. we waited for the wings to come and they never even got a chance! we had to stand "
2236,2,Negative," Gross pizza and horrible service.  we don't get it.  it's not like they charge a premium for it, we pay for their gas (which we use a lot) and they get rich quickly.  they could really stand to hire extra staff to keep things running smoothly.  we're staying at the wonderful b&b du Nord near rd. in which case, thank you so much for the experience over the winter break and good food tonight."" ""one of the very worst pizza hut's i have ever dealt with. they messed up my order, promised me a $15 credit in return, and then rob and tatiana refused to honor the credit. their customer service was mediocre at best. i was shocked when i received "
2237,2,Negative," Gross pizza. no parmesan, and normally gross. this is the closest i've gotten to the good stuff in a long time, but still gross.  pizza and a very bad cold. they should just shut this place down and put some of the other's in the vegas area to good use. there isn't a bad pizza in the valley that hasn't been tried, and if there was, i wouldn't be so quick to judge.   i don't know if the staff is super nice or not, and maybe i'm biased because i'm a food blogger, but i think the pizza and service here are awful. they need to just shut this place down and maybe i can give it another chance."" ""if i "
2238,2,Negative," Gross pizza on a cold pizza night in winter, i don't know how the pizza stays warm for long in that climate.   my daughter ordered a hawaiian pizza, most of it was fursonas of friends she had made.  the meat was tasty, but the veggies were terrible.  the crust was ok, not nearly as good as bland pizza you get in nj, not even close.    the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.  the soda was the only thing our family can use.  we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay, beach pizza was same as ice, hard as "
2239,2,Negative," Gross pizza place. there is no such thing as bad pizza. i have been here twice. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dining occasion and we were both starving. i was disappointed in the quality of the food and the lack of variety, there is no such thing as bad pizza. i have had frozen pizza from this place many times and it was always good. i think it is mostly the result of the company that owns it. the quality of the food has declined and it is a shame because it makes me happy to be out and about. ""this was the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell and tasted like mold. the crust was "
2240,2,Negative," Gross pizza....waste of money, time & effort."" ""take your pick:   (sunday evening, party of 7)   -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table -the high prices -the slow service, despite being one of only five parties dining -the loud music that desperately screamed 'we're a cool restaurant...we promise!'"" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting "
2241,2,Negative," Gross pizza with soggy wings. we have had this for 2 pranks and it was gross. i gave her $10 and she just gave me $9.50. i handed over $15. she said """"give me $9 and i can give you a $9 tip!!"""" i said fine and hung up expecting my $9 tip but found out it was $12.50 plus tip for the same pizza.    the staff at this location is terrible. the owner is a douche who should never have been allowed in this store. she was very nice and came by to check on us a few times. however, for $12 plus tip, that's ridiculous.   we will not be returning.""  "
2242,2,Negative," Gross pizza - i would never order again. i think the owner is a cheap person and is forcing cooks to be cheap with toppings. ""i was so excited to check out my new pizza place.  we are finally getting some variety in the area and i wanted to try something new.  i wanted to try the oregano-stuffed deep dish pizza so i ordered it with bell peppers, mushroom and garlic.  my husband tried a different meat - the chef said """"it's not our meat,"""" before continuing with the cooking.  my dog ordered a different mushroom - the chef said """"it was not our mushroom, it was some other guy's.    i ordered my pizza in 10-inchx12"
2243,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i wouldnt eat that."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i didn't see them making it, but i wouldn't doubt that it was made in a factory somewhere "
2244,2,Negative," Gross pizza and the customer service was terrible!! my pooor new born child had to sit through and listen to an explanation of why our pizza was so greasy. my pizza was ruined!! i waited in my car with the key in it for over an hour with no delivery!!! man this place is terrible.  i've been here twice now.  the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. i don't really remember my experience, i just remember i wasn't unhappy with it and generally enjoyed the experience and decor of the restaurant. but this review isn't based on that.  so:  what do you get for $16? "
2245,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  the meat was about as good as it gets, nothing to write home about.  the mozzarella sticks were really good.   the wait for a table was about 45 minutes.  the food came out cold.  the crust was blahh.  the toppings were really limited.    if you're looking for a really bad pizza, this is not the place."" ""if you're looking for a really bad pizza, this is not the place.   we waited 20 minutes for a table that never showed up.  the guy behind the counter was kind enough to let us know that the pizza was on the greasy side.  he even had to wipe down the counter top with "
2246,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we order it with parmesan on the side, kalamata peppers, and mozzarella on the side.  the prices are just outrageous.  we were honestly shocked when we received our pizza.  it was so greasy, we could not eat it.  the crust was bland, too.  it was not up to par of mozzarella sticks, but it was better than arby's crust. ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. and one of the specials had "
2247,2,Negative," Gross pizza dont waste your money italian beef is very good but the sausage is salty and bland. my husband tries to teach younger children how to eat pork belly by telling the story about how the old timers in the kitchen would throw the pork belly out the window when it came out of the smoker. i was in the mood for old fashioned pizza so we order italian beef, some new bbq sauce and some great meatballs. the price is right at $3.99 so its not really outrageous for the price. italia 51 st food court, no smoking, very nice. ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a pizza with no sauce and oh! it came with no sauce! where did the minus "
2248,2,Negative," Gross pizza  waste of time"" ""worst delivery in the las vegas pizza market.  the pizza was cold and pepperoni was falling off like an afterthought.  when we called to complain the young man did not want to hear it & firmly stated """"it was my fault for ordering it that way"""".  while we were not technically out, we were certainly not welcome.  if we wanted to eat, we had to go somewhere else.  we won't be returning."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known "
2249,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we had way better pizza in phoenix, drove an hour and a half to get a phoenix cheese pizza, and still was not acknowledged.   don't waste your money eating here."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizzas take "
2250,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i'm only giving it 2 out of 5 because i'm impressed, but the pizza was gross. i wish the staff worked here more. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you walk in the restaurant, you immediately know what you're going to get.  the sushi pizza is very good, but i think the dashi was lacking.  the gyoza was okay, cooked well and very tasty, but the seaweed salad was really good.  maki's are small, but always ready.   and you know this is where they are struggling, because they aren't really known for their food.                        "
2251,2,Negative," Gross pizza. totally unacceptable. idk what dumb waitress did this up...wth eats it clean?"" view of the shop from across the parking lot ""a large pizza with sausage (more like pepperoni), mushroom and green peppers for $20 is a good deal. i've ordered this pizza twice: once with the No Clauses, and again with the double dip. the first time i ordered, and handed over my card and asked if i could just get one pizza per person. the cook said yes, and then handed me another $20 to dip my pizza in. i didn't want two pizzas, and the $20 tip was nice, but more than likely it was added on to the tab.  the second time i "
2252,2,Negative," Gross pizza that nobody wants. if i could leave no stars i would. pizza and a very bad experience overall."" ""i didn't know they existed. only recently have they become my regular pizza toppings. i used to order them every week or two on a regular basis. Christmas morning rolled around and something about ''oh, it's not crowded that time of day again'' so i headed over to the golds. i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.   i ordered a $5 coupon for $5 off of my next order and i was supposed to bring my receipt with me. i looked at the $5 coupon "
2253,2,Negative," Gross pizza should not be gross, but half of the time it is, i must say."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they carry frozen food like the moron they are, bread is okay.  pizza is tough... very few toppings, few condiments, nothing.  if you want something really, really horrible, you can get that from a dollar menu.    they also carry lunch and dinner foods, like the one above, and sandwiches.  i got two cheeses, one with bell peppers, the other with bell peppers and artichokes.  the one with peppers had to be a mix.  i know they bake sandwiches, but they were "
2254,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we stand corrected - Anonymous, 2 stars - our """"fresh ingredients"""" weren't very good.   grilled steak with linguine and rice.   really?   - their other pizza was pretty good, too.  good meat and cheese.   pizza and a really good salad for $10 is a great value.   - we won't be returning."" ""we """"used"""" to order the grilled steak with linguine and the bruschetta with linguine.  we were too busy to sit and wait, so we made it.  not anymore.  we order pizza, salad, and a sandwich.  we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering.  there is "
2255,2,Negative," Gross pizza this time of course... smh wife and i have been here twice. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with some friends for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. the second time i went a little further back in time and it was raining cats and they had to put up a roof. i think i may have had a pizza. i don't really remember my experience, i just remember i wasn't unhappy with it and generally enjoyed the experience and decor of the restaurant. but this review isn't based on that. first of all i want to say i was not unhappy with the food. my husband and i went for dinner and it was a great experience. i will never "
2256,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  our server was a piece of ****.  she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible.  she promised not to put it on the menu again.   the couple times we ordered pizza from there, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom.  the cannolis were just ok and smaller than at arby's.    in the last two years, we have had vastly improved pizza.  the crust is no longer so terrible, but the cheese and sauce must be grown on a farm.  we will never go back.  we will say this: if you want delicious pizza, come here."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on "
2257,2,Negative," Gross pizza n shit i can't even eat it. what horrible customer service. i experienced rudeness the entire time I was there. a server once brought me my own pizza which i used up in under 5 minutes. another time i brought a family special which took over 45 minutes to prepare. the food came out sporadically as we would stock up on the day's specials and not worry about getting the food. now i'm on lunch, dinner and delivery with fast casual. how is the experience here? basic, high end pizza with very little to no flavor. they don't offer small side salads, soups, or anything to really brighten up a bland pizza.   the pizza tonight tasted like frozen diabetic hell.  the prices "
2258,2,Negative," Gross pizza! i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i ordered a chicken parmesan with linguine and it came out covered in grease. the linguine was ok, not the best choice but it was the closest i got to it. the chicken was not up to par of what it is in the long run but that's the way it is. the veggies were wilted and the meat was dry. not even good for an everyday use. it also lacked flavor. the meat was pink and the cheese was white. not a pleasant combination. plus, how can you serve food if you can't even keep a thermometer clean? i have driven "
2259,2,Negative," Gross pizza.my kids think its gross.also they don't deliver it fast enough our poor drivers.do you think the jerk who put that terrible pizza in our poor drivers license getting all twisted up in it's face will ever have a license again?seriously last time i drove by on my way home from driving out of my ass to try and help a friend who needed it.what a mess this place is.seriously the best chain pizza store in the country.they have it all: macaroni and cheese pizza, entrees, sandwiches.everything.its a shame too, because it's so close to home.just try to google 'sauce pizza' and you'll get tons of hits.this is a gross, gross "
2260,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would never eat it again. i ordered this for my birthday a few months ago and boy have i ever been disappointed. - the pepperoni is huge. - the meat is bland/essentially zero spice. - the sauce is too sweet and not nearly enough spice to spice up a pizza. - the crust is blahh. - the best part?  it was chicken.  not pork belly.    my husband somehow ate his pizza crust and all. he said that he was glad that he wasn't hungry afterwards and yes he said the crust was terrible but he ate it anyway. he did say that the sausage was much better than the lean sausage the """"other"""" chicago place uses "
2261,2,Negative," Gross pizza,"" said one woman as she handed out flier to passers by.  ... ""Wow, i've been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and we were hoping to get some good pizza in.  unfortunately, we were disappointed.  the pizza here is painfully undercooked, with crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled. the prices are a little high, but that's expected in a single-family home, and they were bumping it up on us as a result.  we were also disappointed in the delivery times, as they were sometimes outside for longer periods of time than we were used to.  we were hoping this place would be a great addition to the city, and "
2262,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would skip this one i stand corrected actually, i stand corrected. i should have said i was too stupid to eat it.."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12:35 pm. it was received 2 minutes later. so it took the pizza 1 hour and 30 minutes to arrive. i checked my order at 6:35 pm and it was still not here. so i "
2263,2,Negative," Gross pizza craving. nothing better than a cold dry pizza. ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, asked for dark chocolate chip topping, and of course, the response was, """"yes, we can do that too,"""" i said, ""but we prefer plain chocolate chip.""  i weighed in at 17.2 oz. which is about average for my pizza.   when i told the cook, who was wearing a grey coat and dark gloves, that  he could have his pizza any color he wanted, he pulled out a pack of cigarettes and lit up one.   i waited an hour and a half for my pizza to be delivered, "
2264,2,Negative," Gross pizza! i was shocked when i opened the box. there was no pizza crust, no crust, nothing. just some plain yogurt with no toppings. i had high hopes for this place, and will give it another shot. i'm hoping it doesn't go the way of st francis where it's got tons of potential, but simply can't deliver"" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza come out of the oven. waited 5 minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to give us our pizza that was clearly sitting on top of the oven. he was busy cleaning he said."" ""man, does this place suck. trust the reviews! i ignored the negative ratings, and "
2265,2,Negative," Gross pizza. we've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i think i will give the go to it's new owners.  the meat is very fatty and flavorless. the toppings are limited and bland. they don't offer small side salads, only large two person salads.   the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it "
2266,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had! tasted like frozen bank robbery and spoiled me. there's no such thing as bad pizza, only mistaken identity as pizza. i had mozarella sticks in it too, not sure why the developers thought i could eat mozarella sticks and eat pizza the same way.   also the caller ID on the phone kept returning to the same person so i phoned back to order. i was put on hold for over 5 minutes (hopefully it was not too long) and just hung the phone up. this happened twice... once while the order was being prepared and again while the order was being pulled out of the oven.   i also ordered a calzone which was not a calzone. it wasn "
2267,2,Negative," Gross pizza noppin a... this is why we need a drawbridge."" ""sometimes we love the convenience of home delivery, but really, we should stick with local (i.e. zip code 770) or even farm to table (i.e.  call 800-245-4545 and ask for delivery from here instead of across town)."" ""a couple weeks ago, my family in phoenix, then-med. iZED was robbed of its medallion hot and bothered by some drunk belligerent employee. the food was alright, the service was sub par. i'll be honest, the service sucks. they don't have the ability to handle large orders, and the managers are inexperienced. they send out fliers saying "
2268,2,Negative," Gross pizza 90$ for a 9.99 pizza? Sounds too good to be true does it not?? if so why would they make it so easy on the eater?? if so i would expect far worse service at the neighbourhood pizza shop than this do you have any clue what kind of pizza this is going to be a real pizza ny style i mean get a hold of yourself now morons!! real pizza !! ""this is terrible!!! i've ordered it a few times from here and liked the food, but the service and attitude were really downhill the last couple of years. i've been to other locations and had a much better experience. i give 2 cents for the last two locations."" ""once again i'm leaving no choice but to "
2269,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would pass on this one."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.     they carry frozen pizza, kalamata, and special occasions.   they also have a wide variety of salads, sandwiches, and pasta.   the pizza is not up to par of good pizza in the area, but it's better than it's cheaper neighborly sisters."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they carry frozen pizza, kalamata, and special occasions.   they also have a wide variety of salads, sandwiches, and pasta.  the pizza is not up to par of good pizza "
2270,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste and smell. every time i order it is the same story. i become violently ill with food poisoning 3 times in a row. food was just ok. i dont know how this thing isnt giving me cancer, heartburn, or other horrible things, but i guess it is starting to look like cancer stalker."" ""worst delivery in vancouver history, caught us by surprise when we opened.  waiting for a pizza and hearing someone say ""come here"" again and again in the parking lot.  we were charmed by the idea of waiting in our warm, residentially-dining-space-which is technically not a ""lobby,"" but rather a conference room.  when we went to pay our bill there was "
2271,2,Negative," Gross pizza. they never seem to have enough toppings to go around. sometimes i miss out on great pizza because of this."" ""doing food 7 days a week for 3 months in a row now. i think i'm gonna give tuesday off to some one in nj and come back here. happened yesterday around 1:30 pm.  get this, this is not good ny style pizza. it's got a grainy dry texture with very little flavor. you can tell from the pictures, the guy behind the counter is not from ny and he doesn't wear a glove.  anyway, i had my pizza, waited for about 5 minutes and left. no one addressed me. i walked out and there he was, holding my "
2272,2,Negative," Gross pizza. delivered to my door. driver then parks illegally in the lot next to my hotel, then breaks out a can of beer and lights a cigarette, and finally tells the driver, """"well, it's not my fault it was stolen, you just have to give me a break."""" they pull over, demand hand signals, and once i've given them my hand signals all the way across the parking lot, continue on their merry way. i witnessed several individuals attempt to evade authorities by running from the scene while others simply waited in their cars.   the pizza was great, however, as was the service. if i had been in the area i would have thought the same thing. other than that, it's become another grim example "
2273,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would compare it to a can of chef boyardee.   the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times w ith out back.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tomorrow night at 7:30, apparently not even busy, and they're "
2274,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  while the customer experience is decent, this will be my last time here.  it deserves a bad review, and if it gets 2 stars it's because the reviewer thinks it deserves 2, and isn't very nice..."" ""we had a menu with lots of options and extras. one night we ordered, told the cook we would pay for the pizza we ordered, and when we got home the wrap was not even warm. the wrap was cold and hard as a rock. i could have gotten it any time of day, anytime, anywhere. the food was mediocre.  we were surprised by the high cost, as most of the reviews on here are about how cheap the food is. we were surprised to find that "
2275,2,Negative," Gross pizza 19 17 17 17 pizza 54/58 with pepperoni sticks and kalamata leaves. pizza inedible. ash soggy. crust so bland. ash crunchy. cheese bland. subs are sub-par.   if you want wayyyy better ny pizza go to rockos pizza. way better prices, extremely friendly service, way better everything."" ""this is the worst pizza i've ever had, the cheese and toppings were awful!  the pizza was soggy and undercooked, the crust was bland, and the worst part: the ice was stuck in the bottom of the crust and didn't melt completely.   the worst part: when i told my husband he said """"oh "
2276,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like frozen tatiana from dominos. don't waste your money eating here."" ""gross, gross, and unappetizing.   the pizza tonight tasted like a cross between a toaster oven and a cold dry cafeteria steak.  the steak should have read as pork belly pizza  and it would have been on point.  it read more like a cross between a pork belly and pancetta pizza.  the wings were dryer than pumpernickel and lacked flavor.  the wait for a table was brutal.  we were seated and served shortly after 11, when we were told that the place was over.  we were seated and served shortly after 18.  it took almost 45 minutes "
2277,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had. mackay & gustavich hands down is the worst pizza i've ever had, hands down. i've had frozen pizza before, but this was the first time i've received it personally. i don't even know how the pizza is supposed to be hot anymore. it must be hell on cheese to give it that smokey flavor. the crust was blahh. mackay & gustavich are doing pizza makers a disservice. it's like getting a flat tire medical exam and expecting the same results as someone who just drove their car into a wall."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with pepper "
2278,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would compare it to that of ramblin' penthouse suite 525. food is mediocre but the service was appalling. thank, never will we order here again."" ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening? pizza is crazy hard to come by here.  i ordered a pizza with no extras, it took a half an hour to get the basic things like the crust, the sauce, and the toppings. i went back "
2279,2,Negative," Gross pizza....gross"" i wasn't kidding.   the sauce was nice.  not so nice...nice and thick, not so bad.  the whole thing was over $35. for a cold pizza and cold soup.range is good & small.  not so great...lots of space, not so good for kids <3  i give it two stars because the kids menu has changed, and because i like the pizza."" ""one of the very worst pizza hut's i have ever dealt with. they messed up my order, promised me a $15 credit in return, and then rob and tatiana refused to honor the credit. their customer service skills were laughable. rather than giving me a free cheese pizza, "
2280,2,Negative," Gross pizza that you will not be able to eat in this restaurant...."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. sausage is completely unseasoned pork topping.  gross is the only word i can think of to describe this pizza. save your money. you'll get better pizza from the frozen food aisle at giant eagle."" ""my order got here earlier than expected but the toppings, cheese and sauce is all over the box. now the crust is soggy. i hate being that person but now i have to call for a new pizza."" ""the service is slow and not very friendly and the pizza tastes store bought. i've tried "
2281,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  it must be the worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  we are considering not ordering from them again."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i "
2282,2,Negative," Gross pizza, no parmesan for $10+, and yes i did say all cheese on the pizza was parmesan, not cheese powder.  you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out long ago, but alas it seems as though the only thing they've learned is to cook more sauce, which leads me to believe they're just copying what they're seeing other's are doing.  when i told the cook the first time we came here that we would be ordering from this place that he had the most sauce on the pizza, i got a call the next day saying that we would need to get a new sauce.  yeah that 2 liter of sauce that we were drinking seemed a little on the "
2283,2,Negative," Gross pizza that no one wants. i grew up with little caesars, and ever since then i have wanted italian beef and chicken and now im being forced to eat italian wafers?? gross."" ""gasp! i'm seeing red!...this is the most disturbing pizza i have ever tasted.  the cheese was …. well, i could be wrong ...  but i don't see how this can be called authentic.  the sauce was …. not very good.  the wings were …. okay, maybe i was being generous with the word ""garlic-infused"" …. but it's the sort of sauce that will give grilling a bad name.  in summary …  here's the deal "
2284,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  ordered a bell pepper and a red samosas, and boy have they changed their crust since i last saw it. the cheese and toppings are identical on both pizzas, and the crust is bland and uninteresting -- just like the title says. i'm not even kidding.   i feel i can say this sucks under new management.   review of the pizza:  it's a cross between a nello's and a sandwich - very bland, almost chalky in color.  the meat was super fatty and hard, and the flavor was blah.  on one pizza the meat was cooked down to about 1/4th of a cup, and on another it was barely legible.  the quality "
2285,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we came back to check in on our food and the same thing.  pizza was soggy. we could tell when we opened the box.  the crust was dark brown, as was the cheese.  on one pizza the bottom of the crust was burned black and we could not eat it.  the other was not as burned, but was so overcooked it was not enjoyable.    whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was ruined.  i would have preferred them being honest and asking me to wait an extra 10 minutes to make another instead of passing off something they had screwed up.  sure they saved a little money that night, but they lost the "
2286,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $ "
2287,2,Negative, Gross pizza that none of us will ever eat again. we waited over 10 minutes for the food to come out and another 15 minutes for the dirty monkey bars again. we waited for the 30 second wait for the last one too. we waited for more than 45 minutes just for the same thing. we were frustrated. the dirty monkey bars were sub par at best. i would compare them to dirty monkey pizza found in nyc. the pizza was soggy and the crust was cheap. probably gets 35 on your menu and then some. the wings were dry and cold. shouldn't take more than 30 seconds to cook a strip. the soda was the only thing our family can use. we had enough of it that we didn't feel it was necessary 
2288,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  our server was a piece of ****.  we were forced to pay for the """"light ice"""".  we do not see the ice, we just feel it in the middle of the pizza.  we were forced to pay for a cold pizza that did not come close to being thawing.  we were disappointed and will never order from here again.  get the **** out!  you are stealing already!"" ""i ordered from this location last night for the first time in about 8 years.   we got take out about an hour and 20 minutes after we ordered, so we figured it would be good to try a new pizza.   we ordered the family special.   the large pepper "
2289,2,Negative," Gross pizza. in this lifetime."" ""it depends who's cooking it. i usually go with paleo because it's the closest thing to home, but sometimes a family recipe is better than none at all. i'm glad i didn't have to try new stuff, k to i guess.   the weirdo pizza taste like something out of a can and the gloopy center means it went bad very fast. i gave it 1/4 because it was getting too gloppy and i didn't want to waste any more coin, but the gorgonzola was totally not good. the chef needs to go back to school. he or she needs to get a real job. this is a great example.   we got "
2290,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would not eat it. just wait 'till it leaves the store, and then sell it on craigslist as new...or better yet, get a life."" ""i've ordered it a few times expecting to get good pizza, but was disappointed.  the pizza tonight tasted like frozen Chinese take-out.  not sure why the chefs at artichoke are throwing so much money at the plate, but the pizza tasted like frozen Chinese take-out.  horrible.  terrible.  sad.    there is no reason a medium pizza that's 28""ish x 21"" should be so big.  small pizzas usually come out small.  large pizzas usually come out large.    "
2291,2,Negative," Gross pizza - 5 out of 5 stars.  we found it on sale at the grocery store, bought a frozen one from macys, and ate it.  it was okay.  it was new and we were not sure what to expect.  the taste was awful and we found it in the aftertaste.  not sure why the artists have decided to stick with cheese over everything else, it is just confusing.  if you want pizza then this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here "
2292,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  ordered a pizza with linguini and it wasn't even the same flavor as the linguini they make in monterey, CA.  this would be a perfect opportunity to rectify the problem... if not for the guy who answered the phone that night, i'm sure things would have been perfect.  so, the next time you pop for a pizza order and it comes out with a crust that's been ""baked,"" ""pressed,"" or some other variation on the same basic dough.  don't be a fool and think you can fool everyone else.  it's a mistake.  we make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year from this business.  we clean houses, prepare food, and generally provide a smooth customer experience "
2293,2,Negative," Gross pizza  my husband agrees this is the worst he's ever eaten it and he hasn't eaten it in ages. he said it tasted like frozen bank i got from hansa and the cooking was blah. he was very kind and offered to take no responsibility for his food. he was also upfront about the fact that he wasn't going to make it to every single pizza because that was his schedule, but he did promise he would let me know when he got there. so far he's missed two pizzas, one with gorgonzola and one with arugula, and he hasn't even gotten to the last. he promised he'd let me know when he got there.  i called in to order and ordered the wrong "
2294,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  this is the real deal.   i ordered a hawaiian pizza with bell peppers, tomatoes, spinach, onions, and olives and my total was $20.55... i would estimate that the hawaiian cost $12.65... i know this is not exactly cheap, but it is a great deal if you ask me.  my gf  asked for half a jicama with olives and half a jicama with no olives, i said forget it and gave her the money back.  she said """"ya, thanks."""" she proceeded to put the knife away and i saw her scrape at the bottom of the bowl with the pad, then put the knife away again.  i waited "
2295,2,Negative," Gross pizza 20$ for a 16"" pizza? wow i'm confused now. is the cheese even good anymore?   also, why is the crust so greasy?   i'm confused as to why so many people like this place.   bottom line, if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, you're going to want to go to grimaldi's."" ""fix your store, it is so poorly run that i cannot even go there. there are never pizzas ready, they don't answer the phone to make orders, the employees are rude and condescending and the customers are trash!  our neighborhood is not this gross but if i was from outside the area, i would think it's the sl "
2296,2,Negative," Gross pizza tastes like burning rubber """"yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah."""" gross doesn't it? yes? hand drawn on the bottom with white border.  ""this is the worst pizza i've ever had, the cardboard box is so greasy they have to grease the box with a butter or vegetable oil and the sauce is so bland it makes store bought taste great !  you can tell they put a lot of money and effort into this, it's very much like the dollar store.   they don't offer small side salads, only large two-liter bottle salad or pizza.  i've had frozen pizza a few times and loved it, but it wasn't nearly as good as this.    because this is "
2297,2,Negative," Gross pizza 1. missouri desert shared 2. half price 2 l of diet coke 3. if you mistreat people they are less likely to mistreat you again.....very bad service."" ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. the pizza was okay, the service "
2298,2,Negative," Gross pizza beggars belief. i'm from ny and sometimes i crave good pizza ny style but this is the worst one i've ever tasted. i'm surprised no one has figured out a way to make it without add sauce so everyone who tries it will think it's great!! i'm guessing the pizza was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't know. but either way - it's gross. i'm only giving it 2 stars because there's no such thing as bad pizza, only messed up ordering."" ""ordered from caliente on a weeknight, and it took an hour and a half to get the pizza.  when we finally got the pizza it was cold.  i was hopeful "
2299,2,Negative," Gross pizza man!!! we were really hoping this place would change our lives and make us regulars at cdn, but alas, it keeps putting us off for good food."" ""we were entertained for a while by the odd menu item or two, but found it annoying that so much of the menu is random. for someplace called draymond's, this might be expected, but not here.   home sweet home draymond's is a great place.  it's very clean and the food is fresh and delicious.  but, it's missing something sorely.... missing....  home run is lacking. they don't have the signature hot and ready pizza that makes a great pizza, and they definitely don't have the signature thin "
2300,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would rate this as 2 out of 5 stars.if you want this pie, come here: 24 hour a day, 7 day a week, 365 days a year. it's amazing the choices they have. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should "
2301,2,Negative," Gross pizza. really gross. this is the sickest part of this whole deal. the disgusting-tasting pizza. the creepy-looking guys. the name on the box tells you everything you need to know: it's not from here, it wasn't meant for kids, and whoever cooked it deserves a great big fat fine. it's gross. we came home to find that their crust was chandler duck. our pizza was lukewarm and tasted like rehydrated wet dogshit. the funny thing is, we hadn't even noticed that favoritism toward the danish variety was going on. our pizza was so bland it was edible. the crust tasted like rehydrated wet dogshit. the sausage, which was on "
2302,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  ordered mozarella sticks and i got sea salt and there was some other stuff in it too.  strange.  shouldn't have been a surprise. moved on to the next one... wth sbarro?  horrible customer service, i was told that my order would be delivered in 45 minutes.  instead i was handed a fake pizza with a sub-par crust and half of it had holes in it.  this is the most disgusting pizza i've ever had.  i hope the owners of this place get together and try to do something.  we all love fresh, local, and if there is one thing sbarro lacks it is character.  a pizza 55 minutes late is unacceptable.  "
2303,2,Negative," Gross pizza! ive been here twice, both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza that was 1 out of 5 stars and i was expecting a winner , but i got a soggy waldorf salad. the other was a pizza that was good, but not nearly as good as this. this is why i don't order here alot, because they always have a winner. maybe i'm just looking out for the short term gain, but the salads are always mediocre. and for the life of me, i can't understand why the couple who own the place can't keep up with the ever changing menu. every time there is a new delivery option, we have to look at the menu to see if we can use that. "
2304,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like Sourly Canned Pork Rinds. like the worst kind of canned pizza you could get from a grocery store. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. i also ordered pitas a few months ago and guess what - the sandwiches are kludgy, old school tc west pizza, and very tasteless. the paper towels were great. i gave them to the server as a gift. i also ordered mozzarella sticks and she assumed they'd get me a box of 50. boy, did i ever learn. the sauce is slow moving and bland. the size of the pizza is also small. for $16 i would expect a much better experience. i left tc west pizza and am returning "
2305,2,Negative," Gross pizza. tasted like frozen bank i've ordered it many a time mmmmm not good enough no more this is myres this is the farm to die for. if you want authentic cornhole play there is no other choice but this place and i suggest going to little caesars or west side for authentic pizza. if you want italian skip this and go to la veranda around the corner."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy with sesame seeds and salt.  so much salt!  so little sauce!  i feel bad for the people that suffer from this "
2306,2,Negative," Gross pizza that has soggies!!!  we had a pizza that was obviously washed out with too much cheese and batter, there was no flavour to it. i don't know if the chefs at that location can tell the difference between a good pizza and a great pizza, it could be a lot worse.   there are tons of options along the bloor strip, cheap eat at a food court or a little further down the line.  if you want good pizza, go to a regular pizza place like domino's crust or apizza hut.  not just some crappy pizza -- get a really good one, man."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a "
2307,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we almost gave up after 20mins when gary came by and we told him loud and clear that we found the sexiest pizza in the store.  he proceeded to tell us that he didn't make the pizza, that he was just passing off as a hardware store.  he then hung up on us.   every time we order from this place we get the same thing-- and quite possibly worse-- our order arrives cold and wet.  it's almost always shitty pizza.  and this is pretty typical of wilshire, by the way."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and "
2308,2,Negative," Gross pizza fiend by my definition. yes I may be biased because i work in food, but sometimes a good pizza just doesn't cut it...  so for the money it's a good pizza, but for the life of me every slice i eat i forget the crust, that's how bland it is. sometimes i forget the crust even exists, let alone how amazing the cooking is. for the same amount of money at little joe's pizza i forget the crust forever.  little joe's pizza is clearly put together by some idiot. the sauce is generic; the toppings are limitless; the whole point of being a pizza place is to have an infinite supply. little joe's pizza is like finding a frozen pizza with no "
2309,2,Negative," Gross pizza tastes like a potluck that's how bland it is.  this is the grossest pizza i've ever had and i've been toing around with other people's italian prepared to order so it's not like i'm comparing it too much to the italian prepared in house.  the prices are a little high for the quality and they don't always deliver as promised.   the pizza tonight tasted just like the stuff you get in ny and have to cook at home.  the sauce was similar to crappy banquet hall food and smelled like weed.   i would never order that again, not under any circumstances.  i grew up with italian and it didn't taste like that at all.  "
2310,2,Negative," Gross pizza 17 chain pizza mtgs, some run of the mill weirdo, and some not so nice people.  the run of the mill weirdo was a little dim w this person, he must have had a crayon sketch pad in which to write on.   the pizza here is not that remarkable, it's more like thin crust than pizza.  but whatever, it's pizza.   the people that make this stuff are under-equipped, poorly trained, and generally awful.   they don't wash their hands, they don't wash their dishes, and when it comes to food they're pretty crappy.   don't waste your money eating here."" ""we came for the anniversary of a "
2311,2,Negative," Gross pizza.. i was hungry..i waited all day for this and still got no pizza. this is why i don't eat fast food.. it's gross."" ""golly, what a disappointment.  we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. it was so late that they opened at 6 pm. guess we'll have to go somewhere else soon. after waiting for an hour and a half for a cold pizza and ice for half an hour-and-a-half when we were finally let in. guess we'd better go somewhere else.   weeks after ordering, the same person that made the pizza mentioned earlier mentioned that the staff was on lunch. we were not offered any specials at all during our wait "
2312,2,Negative," Gross pizza man. gross. ""we ordered over the phone and picked up the order at 6:35PM. as we were finishing our order, we were rushed to get the food. we waited almost 2 hours for the food @ a empty pizza shop. our server even admitted that the pizza wasn't very good. we were looking for a pizza so we don't order pizza here often. this is a pizza 73 place with bad reviews. what horrible customer service. we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our  pizza craving...  i would highly recommend not ordering here. i got my food at a horrible price and i deserve apology. i also ordered a fettuccine and they threw it away saying it was a pizza "
2313,2,Negative," Gross pizza regardless of the circumstance.  ended up going with the no frills strategy which involves ordering through the dark, parking illegally at a gated community and eating at a pizza and wings restaurant in naked.    i ordered pizza and wings while my husband waited for his pizza.  while the pizza was worth $20, we were willing to pay for a meal out of our own pocket.  we were willing to wait in line and not have our food for over 45 min before their delivery was even acknowledged.  yet we received $20 back - $12 for wait time and dinner.  a mere $12 for a pizza and a $6 tip!  an astonishingly small tip for a high street pizza that was being billed as "
2314,2,Negative," Gross pizza $17 + tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there is no way i would ever order that again. there is no way i would ever order that again. the way it was made was terrible. the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was missing. the souffle was pretty good. the longer the wait, the worse the soup. i waited for an hour for a soup that was made incorrectly... the soup was just soulless, pointless, and gross. the longer this went on, the more i wanted to leave. someone should have told the cook, and i could have gotten out more. this is a sign that nobody cares to wipe down the menus, and the prices are set high on the menus, "
2315,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  shared it with a girl we googled for dinner and italian and she ate it too.  we always thought the misspelled misspelling of """"misto"""" was hilarious.  """"misto"""" is more like """"mistral"""" common in florencia.    we KNEW this was going to be a bad one.  we ordered the wrong pizza , a sub-par pizza , and waited 2 and a half hours for the other two to arrive.  oh, and they were both fat.  i would've left if i knew it was gonna be this long for one pizza and a sub par pizza.  fat isn't good.  BAD FOOD.   i don't "
2316,2,Negative," Gross pizza. they don't even wash their hands after baking. the owner is a piece of *** sh*t. i'm royally pissed off and will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza was delicious but the crust seem pre-made and the cheese and sauce had no flavor. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads were lettuce w three tomato slices..some of lettuce was turning. ""this review is based my latest "
2317,2,Negative," Gross pizza. patron abc gave us a dollar for a can of soda. when we went back, they had our pizza warmed up, but the kids menu pizza was lukewarm and dry. i had the 'nduja, the coldest pizza i've ever had. the mozzarella sticks were hard as a rock like cardboard. the quinoa salad was good & so was the bruschetta. their tomato sauce - homemade i was told - tastes like something out of a jar. i was hugely disappointed and felt their pizza tasted no different than the italian restaurant on peter ington. i was hoping to go back & try out their pizzas, but there is a much better italian restaurant in the garden basket plaza that "
2318,2,Negative," Gross pizza.. of all the places... i would stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!! ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about twenty minutes to get four slices of pizza warmed up.  also they weren't wearing "
2319,2,Negative," Gross pizza do you think i would come here again if i were you?"" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table -the high prices -the slow service, despite being one of only five parties dining -the loud music that desperately screamed 'we're a cool restaurant...we promise!'"" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting "
2320,2,Negative," Gross pizza is bad. please get this store fixed immediately. i promise i won't be coming back."" ""if there was ever a place in deforest where pizza, wings, and fancy pasta prices were just right, this is it. wowsers!!i've never seen so many cooks in one place. everyone is so friendly.i thought i'd give them a try after hearing so many people in the area raving about them. i ordered a pizza, salad, and a steak. the price of the pizza was $20, the salad was $15, and the steak was $18. i was surprised at the final product--it wasn't that good. the sauce was good, the crust was blahh, and the pitta "
2321,2,Negative," Gross pizza,  the """"wrong"""" order gets delivered to """"the wrong place"""" and the """"wrong"""" sauce is waiting for """"the long wait"""" in between pizzas.   my husband finally got a break in the middle of the night on a wedgie and had to wait an hour and a half before realizing it was not his pizzas.  he got another slice, waited an hour and a half before realizing it was not his pizzas either.  he got another slice, waited an hour and a half before realizing it was not his pizzas either.  he got another slice, waited an hour and a half before realizing it was not his pizzas either.  he got another slice, waited an hour and a half before "
2322,2,Negative," Gross pizza owner going by the name of hawaiian has been operating in the vegas area for over a decade and has perfected the art of pizza delivery. while there is no such thing as bad pizza, there is pizza that is just """"so-so"""" such that i don't really have any desire to go there anymore.   just in:                                                                                "
2323,2,Negative," Gross pizza.. you give it to me and i'll eat it.. i promise! ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  now if you know the strip of bloor where this restaurant is, you know that every second place is a restaurant, and they are all pretty damn good.  if you live in the area and you aren't familiar with this sort of thing, i would suggest going to little joe's or little joe's pizzeria, both of which are pretty good places.  though, "
2324,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we were shocked when we got home to check in on the pizza. it was not that great. it was passable, but not nearly as good as the new berlin and west madison locations.  i really wanted to like the new berlin and west madison locations, because they are pretty darn good too.  but i got sick over and over again over the thought of eating here.  it would be a great place to learn, or just for fun.  i haven't been to this garbage since grade school cafeteria, and i will never go back.  i wish i did.  i wish teachers were more punctual.  teachers arent."" ""the pizza is good, a little limited in "
2325,2,Negative," Gross pizza craving won't last.  there is no reason a medium pizza that's 14.99 on your website should come to $25.00 plus tip - especially when that's not what i was quoted on the phone.  if i needed a new driver i would have told them on the phone.  also ridiculous is the cost: 12 for 12 wings, 22 wings with a side of cheesy bread sticks and $6.38 in tip - all for a single pizza.  the wieners are passable, but not nearly as good as real thing. ""we were honestly disappointed. when i called to order my pizza and specials, they answered """"hi there"""" and did not follow up with """"how do i get that?"""" "
2326,2,Negative," Gross pizza."" ""if you think this is the ultimate then you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will "
2327,2,Negative," Gross pizza store with disgusting employees and a bad attitude.   we won't be returning to this store, wtf?"" ""we will never order from this restaurant again.   we ordered a large pizza with extremely spicy sauce.   the delivery finally showed up and they were cold.  we asked for warm soda and the kid on the phone just says """"soda?"""" in a kind of slow spoken pidgin English.    we ordered a cold salad and a frozen pizza.  the salad was good & fresh.  the pizza was blah.  the sauce was typical cold sniffed pizza.  the guy seemed very uncertain on the phone ordering.    we do not recommend this place for their "
2328,2,Negative," Gross pizza. your take is 50/50 split, but even then i would choose not to order anymore with you guys. if you want to be a juggernaut then give us a try and let us know what you think! solid pizza, solid locations, solid pizza, solid food, solid products."" ""i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in "
2329,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i wouldnt try this place if i were you i would steer clear!!"" this will be our last time here. i ordered a pizza a few weeks ago and it took over 10 minutes to get an  even though it should have been ready in 10 minutes. the guy behind the counter was very nice and answered all my questions. just a sad customer :(."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. "
2330,2,Negative," Gross pizza . you need to go to lou malnati's and eat their food. their pizza is like nothing else in the area. mmm... salty, warm, and ... not too greasy either. just what i needed.  so, the second time i tried a pizza from this location, i was not impressed. the pizza tonight tasted like frozen bank cookies - ya i'm not crazy but i find that freezing a dough before adding it to a pizza difficult. the cookies i received today (after waiting for 5 hours in the freezer) tasted like frozen bank cookies. the pizza tonight tasted like bagged hospital grade formaldehyde with sesame seeds. definitely not good.  so, the pizza i'm going to give my money to "
2331,2,Negative," Gross pizza, got cheated on over by an employee i'll never support again, i hope the owners reads this and takes discipline on those employees."" ""i used to like the pizza they made, but twice i's i've returned to try new recipes and i have been let down multiple times. the first time was over brown butter pizza, i said i would like a thicker crust, and guess what - the crust is soggy!! i ended up just eating the filling out of my slice, not sure why they couldn't just keep the crust as is but i would have preferred a crust that was a bit crispier and better suited for dipping then this. the second time i tried to try to order a pizza with a thicker crust, the cook "
2332,2,Negative," Gross pizza should never be served at a cocktail hour.  it's over served.  they have a hard enough time serving it as it is without adding needless complexity.  they also don't handle phone orders well,  calling in and having the guy go to the back to make the order while i was sitting at the bar...  this guy had no clue what he was doing,  i told him several times that we were ordering pizza and wings, not two drinks!  he kept saying """"well, i can help you with that..."""" and """"well, how can i help you with that?"""" i said """"well, you already helped me with that."""" he just hung up on me.   i waited for five minutes "
2333,2,Negative," Gross pizza with soggy wings (worst crust ever). ordered online, picked up the order, and was waiting for it to be delivered when it became apparent that the order wasn't going to be delivered for at least another hour. so we had to call that in as well. the manager tried to play it cool, saying that the order wasn't ours, and that they were working with their drivers. ok. but what did the pizza taste like? awful. i would never order from here again. viva la vida! ""we ordered this online for the first time in person last night. word was out that this is the worst pizza in the city, but we were determined to try it out. we called this place to order, "
2334,2,Negative," Gross pizza. your whole family will be grumpy. i ordered the bacon crust and the pineapple pizza with pepperoni. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to spread the crust so he just made circles that ended up bleeding into each other in the cooking process. this is very gross. the pizza was soggy and undercooked. the crust was blahh. i don't know if the guy who cooks it all is incompetent or if he just doesn't get it cut that way.   probably wait for a better restaurant.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you "
2335,2,Negative," Gross pizza experience. i would rather give my $5 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10 "
2336,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would not recommend this place for their pizza. i tried different things and loved the chocolate chip cookie dough i always get. i ordered different kinds of pepperoni and kalamata and loved the crust. i liked the soft pretzels on the pizza, not so much the sauce. i would never go back for the pizza i received."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery was nice. fries had a bucket of salt on them. me and my brother gagged!!! we eventually got hungry and ordered a meatball sub ($6) which was so greasy, it was all that salt and pepper. we also ordered a ranch, which was also so greasy. we decided to skip "
2337,2,Negative," Gross pizza that my son could not eat half as written on the package. i had ordered it a few weeks ago and placed it on my to-do list to try for a job interview. i typically avoid New York due to the food and generally have a bad experience with it, but this time i decided to try it out.  i. ordered the 2 cheese pizza and 1 meat. the cook stated that the pizza was 70% meat, 24% cheese. guess i'll try the meat.   i tried the pepperoni and the bellinis. the pizza was cooked perfectly. the bellinis were just ok. the grill was on high for an hour and a half before the kids showed up. they were starting to sweat under the "
2338,2,Negative," Gross pizza!! not good. ordered mozarella sticks and veal with linguine.  asked for half sheet and half to be filled.  the linguine was soggy and watery which is standard.  my husband tried a pasta with bellini ans ended up with spaghetti with meat sauce.  my daughter had a pizza with chicken and sausage and it was so greasy it had to be reheated.  her pizza was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, had not much sauce and the crust wasn't great.  i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is "
2339,2,Negative," Gross pizza. what gross. what gross."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour while they set up. ate and then got in line to go back in. no charge since we had our hand stamped. tried to fit at a table and were told no we had to stand. the tables were "
2340,2,Negative," Gross pizza. double stuf. double gross...twice the price!!!i would never order again. if i did order again, i would give it 2 stars. i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i gave it a try and italian beef is so bland i couldn't even tell the difference. the ketchup is also horrible. i would never buy it again. i would rather go to little joe's pizza or bambinos. ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review, i'm sure many others do too.  we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known "
2341,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever seen, very dry and not nearly as bubbly as pizza hut's pizza  the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the mama's pizza was sub par.  the mozzarella sticks were hard, dry and not nearly as good as the pizza hut's pizza.  the mama's pizza was over cooked and the crust was dotted with dried out crumbs.  the prices are right, but i'd change it up.  the service could be a lot better.  we split a salumi plate and you can eat it too.  i.e. if you like pizza, you might like this place.  if you don't like pizza, "
2342,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  gave it lots of ice and it still be sitting there for more than 45 min before it left the store.  gross."" wow this is the worst pizza i have ever had.  the cheese and toppings were all terrible.  there is just so much salt in it.  i would never order again.  i think it is salt water.  maybe it is cheddar cheese salt.  ""pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other generic pizza. the sauces were good and the whole thing was bland. but the whole thing was sodium lauryl sulfate free. so basically, it's sodium lauryl sulfate free.   the weird thing is, "
2343,2,Negative," Gross pizza.gross."" will not be ordering from nunzio's again, absolutely horrible customer service, i was barely keeping my order when the cashier walked in and handed me my pizza. i waited a few minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to give me my pizza.  ""i don't see the point."" n/a ""it varies by region, but in general pizza is lousy. east coast pizza? no dice. idk where that place is. ny pizza? idk. philly cheese steakhouse? doubtful. norwegian pizza? doubtful. milkshake with your pizza? doubtful.   probably the worst pizza i've ever had.   and for the life of me "
2344,2,Negative," Gross pizza.we ordered it both ways, cold crusty crust on the left, and warm crusty crust on the other.it really is gross.i would never order again.the staff was nice. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a very small amount of cheese on top. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there's just no way that's right. if you want something that's not gross, you should go to a different restaurant."" ""the "
2345,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i "
2346,2,Negative," Gross pizza donut hole.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for "
2347,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads were lettuce w three tomato slices.. with tomato sauce. the mozzarella triangles were edible. one with tomato sauce, one without. one had to be seasonally appropriate, the other not so much. the last salad was all seasonally appropriate, except for the last ingredient, which was a bit disappointing. we've had better. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers, and hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers only to have it be horribly wrong. the fingers are huge, very greasy, and very "
2348,2,Negative," Gross pizza!!! shouldn't have taken so long to come.  tatiana will be back...tatiana will be back...tatiana will be back!"" ""i feel bad giving this place a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  now if you know the strip of bloor where this restaurant is, you know that every second place is a restaurant, and they are all pretty busy.  with the selection of restaurants in this area and other italian restaurants in etobicoke (just go to la veranda around the corner!!) i "
2349,2,Negative," Gross pizza that should have been in the trash. ordered a steak and a salad and my server ended up being rude and put me on lunch. lunch was alright. had a soft drink with a side of kid's diet coke. raised some questions though...."" ""this review is based on my experience with the management, not the food. the food is just ok, nothing to write home about. secret pizza at cosmo is better.  the manager on duty failed to do his duties when i requested him to call security to come assist me when i was being harassed by a drunk belligerent man while in line. i felt unsafe and wanted security to come but the manager never called them. he in fact lied to me saying that they were "
2350,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like a pot roast minus the ashes.   this is the worst one dollar pizza i've ever had, i can't even eat it,"" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i ate too much. this brother's is not as good as a similar place on peoria... but it was decent. i would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. my pepsi tasted fine. the girl behind the counter was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was over-cooked. i will not be ordering from this establishment again."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card "
2351,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would equate it to old standby's like domino's crust, or pizza hut crust, both of which are gross.   the toppings are decent, i wouldnt bother with this place again if i were you.   perfectly average pizza, i would compare it to a durangoian, or maybe even bland pizza ketchup.   don't waste your money eating here"" ""pretty average spot, save yourself the trouble of searching and go to rick & milkshake instead.   they make good pizza, not great, but above average in taste and value for the money.   they do take delivery, but it's infrequently received and undercooked.   "
2352,2,Negative," Gross pizza tips: we received two crustats: one with sesame seeds and one with jicama. the second time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty dollar bills.   tip: while waiting for a custom built car, i overheard a member of staff talking on the phone to another employee.  what they said to the other employee, i don't recall.  they didn't say anything to me, i just overheard them saying something to the effect of """"oh yeah, i heard ya. bring that in now.""""   well, i got my pizza and it was totally not what i expected the sauces, cheese or crust "
2353,2,Negative," Gross pizza - if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's."" the food is decent, but our main issue is with the service. we waited an hour and 20 minutes for two pizzas and when they finally arrived they were incredibly cold! not a happy customer. ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave us only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went "
2354,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would not eat it if i were you.  please do not support this business."" ""i used to like their pizzas, but 2 or 3 times in a row they were undercooked and i had a hard time eating it.  so, last night i ordered pizza 61, which is medium cooked, and yes, there was some burn on the crust, but that's how it is.  my kid had to sit through another 10 minutes because they were cleaning they filthy counter, and again the pizza was passable.  it was still not bad, just not great like in the past.    this is what junk food tastes like.  it doesn't taste like much, but it sure as heck tastes "
2355,2,Negative," Gross pizza!! no taste to it not like it ..i dont know why the couple who make it here  do it b/c of the money they make, and the employee was extremely rude to the point where i had to ask to speak to the manager.   they have one cashier and three empty tables and a wall hang.   there are many options along the bloor strip, many with great customer service.   if you ever consider ordering, be sure to call in and book.  i picked up an 'A' and it took over an hour and a half to get my pizza.  it was barely warm when i went to eat it, which is unheard of in this part of the city, yet "
2356,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. if i was a consumer i would say to myself that this is the pizza of the century, and i would pay for it fairly. not just give me a pass because a co worker told me i could have ice for my pizza. the pizza was cold and tasted like old lady's socks. not the best experience. worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy / chewy / missing the fill in spots, and in general it looks like cardboard.  so it is not very "
2357,2,Negative," Gross pizza tastes like it was poured out of a food thermometer and then left unopened overnight.  gross."" ""pizza and food was good but the service was lacking. they don't have the ability to handle large orders the day of.  i don't fault them for having a small kitchen but they should have let me know they couldn't handle two extra large and three large pizzas, wings and a salad. our server was a little aggressive and took umbrage to having to clean the house, but the food was good.   if you want to overspend on something you can get better at your local diner...come here."" ""essentially the same thing as domino's pizza, minus the french fries "
2358,2,Negative," Gross pizza you get in ny and it will be soggy. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in new york and westchester counties, and i have never had such a bad pizza as this. i have had some good little caesars over the years and loved the atmosphere and food. i will not be returning to this place."" ""i used to like the pizza from there. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup "
2359,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had, i haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, most of the reviews on here rant about what a great place this is how much fun you'll have there. idk where that place is cuz the one i wan in today in east liberty by the home depot was getto beyond belief the food is bad & the people aren't nice & friendly.  loudness is an issue there when the lottery area has a sign saying because of back round noise your number may be wrong. not one person there had decent customer service. i had a bad experience overall."" ""worst experience i've had in a long time! today i ordered a pizza and it took 1 hour and 15 minutes to get "
2360,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would rather go to tiny prem than this. tiny prem is more than welcome to take some of my $$, but they need to know what they are getting into. when i told them a little over an hour after i was due, 20 minutes late, they still had not received my pizza. needless to say, i'm going to find a new place."" ""a couple weeks ago, i received a call from east liberty by phone. i told my wife it was not good.   east liberty is a call out front that takes reservations for around $20. the price is right, but it doesn't feel right.   the vibe is rough. the high chair is used as a prop in one scene and "
2361,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  the salads were mediocre.  the burritos were drenched in ranch.   and that's not even mentioning the ice.  the ice was black with a white center and was very thin.  it must have been poured out of a vat and was sitting there for hours.  we eventually got a hold of the cook and he was apologetic.  he said that the servers were inexperienced and that they'd been serving the pizzas for under an hour.  they were drinking heavily and had their hands full.  they fucking ruined it.  it would have been great if this place had decent pizza, but it wasn't nearly as good as it is in ny."" ""we had a menu "
2362,2,Negative," Gross pizza just grosses me the fuck out."" we went for dinner and it was ok. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was ok. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there for over 45 min before it "
2363,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like Mom & Pop. seriously when did parents give consent to let their kids eat food mixed in with questionable ingredients?  why can't parents be civil like this?  when my son mentioned this to the guy that made the pizza, i lost it.  he then just hung up on me. this is a site dedicated to bad parenting, not rude kids.  yuck"" ""i feel bad giving this place a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  now if you know the strip of bloor where this restaurant is, "
2364,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  slammed the door behind me, key fob off, and told me to keep my mouth shut.   what a great disappointment."" ""2 stars  the pizza is ridiculously overpriced, $17 for an 11-inch pizza?  why has this shop been around for so long, and what has gotten this place so bad rap?   first of all i came in to the late afternoon. there was a lady at the counter, i told her a 12-inch pizza was on it's way. she said it would be ready in 45 minutes. second, the pizza was cold. i waited over 10 minutes watching the counter manger stack the pizza with chilli mix, then hand it off to the "
2365,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would not recommend this place for their pizza. this is a pizza 71 place, and they struggle with it too.  if you want really, really bad pizza, you go to fast lap or pieology.  awesome pizza, try it."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. i "
2366,2,Negative," Gross pizza, overpriced, and clueless as to how to handle it all. they never once addressed the ice cream... no one addressed the l CTA even though they should have been addressed as such. the pizza should have been $25... it was a steal at $7.50 for the 6-slize pizza.  they knew from the get go that this was a hit or miss. they clearly spent a lot of time on the phone than any other caterers.   they missed the mark on the pepperoni, which is hard to miss when your mouth is covered in peppers.   they barely fed two people, which is more than you'd expect from an ice cream parlor, and the service was slow "
2367,2,Negative," Gross pizza dont waste your money ""if i could leave no stars i would.  this is solid pizza.  not super crowded, table for 6 with your money or not.  if you really need a table, just ask.  i waited 20 minutes for a table that never came, basic human decency gone awry here."" ""basically terrible pizza.  if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and no gas, no  affordable food, and the temperature outside is -10 degrees, you deserve better.  you'll thank me later.  we had a pizza made fresh just for us, no dipping sauce, nothing. we were charged for two slices of cheese and a half of sauce. one "
2368,2,Negative," Gross pizza these days is Pescatore's. They may not have the best customer service, but they absolutely destroy pizza. i've ordered here tons of times and was turned off by this one employee. he was extremely rude and took forever to answer my order. i had ordered a chicken wrap and my pizza was missing the chicken pieces. he kept saying the same thing over and over again. i finally accepted that this is a pizzaiolo and not a buffet, and left.  the second time i ordered we had to call ahead because they said their hand-held oven wasn't big enough. we got the wrong pizza :(  the second time i tried to order a dessert they said yes by default, but only gave me a menu "
2369,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the prices are great dont worry its still good."" ""a solid pizza that's been through a few cooks.  the sauce is basic, but bland. the crust is ok, new born again pizza taste doesn't it????  the couple bites i's i've had have been amazing.  and you know this would all be forgivable if this place was cheap, but it's pricey for the quality.   i would pass on this one."" absolutely terrible service. our server was the most clueless guy. he told us that he didn't recommend the lasagna and the extra thin crust pizza. so i ordered anyways.  pizza "
2370,2,Negative," Gross pizza i was disgusted by.  there is no such thing as bad pizza - it's just confusing to try to figure out what it is because so many different kinds are sold.  this is why so many people like me like kansas.  it's a beautiful state, but there isn't a bad pizza anywhere near it's price point.  if there was, there wouldn't be so many people in love with it.  there is just so much better italian in italian parlors and restaurants around and iwan rickard food court that are just as good just as they say."" ""i used to like the pizza from east coast coastal. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer "
2371,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i was really hoping this place would be added as a """"usual place"""" for my wife and i but i think it's going to be in the once in a blue moon category.  i think the pizza should be called ""the sky's the limit"""" because that's what it seems like the pizza is gonna be cooked in. but instead it will be called ""the sky's the limit"""" because that's what it seems like the pizza is gonna be cooked in.  i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a really dry pizza. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back "
2372,2,Negative," Gross pizza smell. ordered garlic crust and grilled steak. char cut short middle finger through knee. description on the box: """" grilled extra thin crust pizza"""" really? yes. this is the grossest gross pizza you could ever get. i would never eat this stuff. i think i will try another restaurant."" living under a rock for 2 weeks...wth old us, why the fuck is this still a local favorite?  we don't get pizza from here everyday, we get delivery from papa john's.   their wings are like old dirty bird shit, super fatty, and under cooked. the molasses cookie has generic tasting molasses like the molasses cookie mix. there is no flavor to it...it tastes like ordinary cookie "
2373,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would not recommend this place for their pizza.  provided you have no idea what you are eating, and you want it now, this is your chance!!! delivery was nice, fries had no salt, no pepperoni, nothing. all you got was bland ice cold pizza. this is not what nomad expected when they got it, bland, cold pizza. nice touch. ""this is one of those places that everyone can agree on.  tastes like cardboard very light on toppings, very low on spice, and not very good.  if you want italian, you will have to go to salerno's, right?  not here.  i went there just for the pizza, not to "
2374,2,Negative," Gross pizza should have been $25+, but got ripped off by $7 service, insane min & max prices, no tatiana's, nothing. my glucose level was too low to eat it. i was given $5 off my pizza by the waitress, not even saying anything! gross."" ""finally, i've been here twice.  the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something.  i don't really remember my experience, i just remember i wasn't unhappy with it and generally enjoyed the experience and decor of the restaurant. but this review isn't based on that.  so a couple of months ago i called in to "
2375,2,Negative," Gross pizza just isn't my thing. it's very bland, and if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place."" ""if you're looking for a really good pizza, this is your place. if not, then leave."" ""if you're looking for a really good pizza, then you're going to have some hard choices to make. do you want a pizza that's been sitting for over 30 minutes, or a pizza that's been sitting for over 45 minutes? i chose the latter.   the pizza tonight tasted like frozen dental floss - almost wetter than dental floss. the crust was blahh, the toppings were sparse, and the taste was blah. too bad. it "
2376,2,Negative," Gross pizza 61 cents for a 6 inch pizza? Gross. wife and i both got sick over their pizza.  it didn't taste right.  i did like the peppers they use.  but that's the only nice thing i have to say. the pizza was not that remarkable.it came barely warm. one person in our party ordered a chicken wrap and as the rest of us finished our pizza the wrap still had not been served. we eventually cancelled it . the staff was apologetic . ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a nice flat pizza. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't "
2377,2,Negative," Gross pizza. kinda like eating at a shitty college cafeteria with no idea what you're eating, you're better off going to fast lap or somewhere else with fresh, local ingredients."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked, dry, and tasted like a frozen pizza.  there are many other great chicago style pizza joints in between my parents and me, and honestly, i would pass on going there right now.  the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water with no flavor, and was just ok.  ok.    "
2378,2,Negative," Gross pizza. we had no idea they even made pizza this way. ordered a calzone and a corn dog and topped them off with their ""secret sauce"" which was basically dripping oil. the tortillas were huge and hard and the whole thing was overpriced. we didn't even get to taste the food, we were too busy gagging. carrillo's is better known for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza, so we were really hoping that this place would be good.   kinda disappointed."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know someone could provide a way better customer experience than this person did for the same amount of money "
2379,2,Negative," Gross pizza. we have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and were not disappointed.  the pizza was warm and drenched in sauce so we were willing to wait for the sauce to drip off the crust.  however, the placenta that came with the pizza was gross.  i would skip this one."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. better than 59 st, but not as good as papa john's ivy league, or fast lap or anything."" ""poor service and undercooked pizza.  ordered one cheese and two meats... i got two cheese and one meat and it "
2380,2,Negative," Gross pizza i would never eat it again i need to look up ny prego ....nasty prego terrible this is the worst one i have ever eaten and highly recommend not ordering it again i advise going to paris or otherwise to late night, really bad service i got ""this hot and ready pizza was definitely not the greatest.  the pepperoni is clustered around the center.  the sauce has a spicy kick to it, and neither my children not myself liked it.  the crazy bread is tasty though."" ""more like 2.5 stars. i'm giving two so the owners will have more incentive to make the necessary tweaks.  i really wanted to like the place. we've been to other boston strip clubs and "
2381,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever eaten! my husband for some reason to never leaves the house with a pizza, even though we've been here twice now. we ordered this one, stood at the counter for a second, and left. no one came over to check on us. this is why i don't order gross, i want a tasty pizza! our waiter only showed up once, and he was busy, so we had to wait for a second. i waited too! 2 minutes!!! i get an email saying that this is the """"new and improved"""" pizza. wtf? new and improved what? i'm confused. i'm guessing the old fashioned pizza that i used to love so much is no longer made in house, and i guess it's "
2382,2,Negative," Gross pizza man.  what a bunch of misfits are working here.  a 4 star pizza just got delivered to my door.    it does not surprise me that so many people are in the area.  it is a slick restaurant, well decorated, and serves great food.  however, it does not surprise me that so many people are passing through this area and are hungry.  my wife and i decided to try a new pizza place:  philly cheese & skirt.  we thought the prices would be a little high, but we were willing to pay the extra money for better service.  we were looking for a place that would serve all of our pizza needs at once, without having to wait for the kitchen. "
2383,2,Negative," Gross pizza should not be priced like that. i would think twice before eating here. the pizza tonight tasted like frozen tatiana's cornbread pizza. really not good. ""don't be a dumb player. i was a dumb player. i signed up for this because my friends told me it would be a good challenge and i'll be able to have fun without my bros. ok, so i'm a dumb player. and a very bad one at that.  i've got a girlfriend that i met on sn e-  and i work at chicagotribune.com.  she works here too and i help her out with orders.  we recently moved into a new area and i don't know if "
2384,2,Negative," Gross pizza. none of the different styles represented.  pit only takes french fries - not even french.   we also ordered cheese plate, which came out cold (yesterday) and was waaayyy  overdressed. we ended up just eating the filling out of our slice, not realizing it was that bad.   we picked this place bc of what was advertised on the menu as a low maintenance pizza shop.   what ended up being a low maintenance pizza shop.   it seemed like every other pizza shop that serves it, from time to time.   we ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, even though they said they would.   we ordered parmes "
2385,2,Negative," Gross pizza.need to go to fancy va/dc/ny for this crap."" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.kinda pretentious.i wasn't kidding.this is what tourists get delivered by.not fancy at all.don't waste your money eating here.it's bad."" ""luxury pizza.not cheap, but it's worth the trip and the look.  plus, it's the closest to our hotel.  plus, we get a free cheese plate when ordering a deluxe dessert.  plus, we get a choice of 3 fried chicken wings, 2 with extra fat. i went with the fat. the chicken was soggy and dry, the wings were under cooked, and the "
2386,2,Negative," Gross pizza men. i always thought the workers were stupid because they're just sitting around and taking orders. maybe it's a bad economy, but the pizza seems pre-packaged. chopped salad is tasty. one time i ordered a salad and it turned out to be nothing but condiments, i had to ask for more sauce. this time i ordered a ting... it was too damn good. i had to hunt for a replacement. they gave me a free pizza credited to my account as a result. how dumb are they? i don't know. but i digress. second time in, i had high hopes and was excited to try a new pizza place.  i ordered via phone and picked up a pizza at no charge.  "
2387,2,Negative," Gross pizza that no one wants. you're better off going to fast lap or somewhere else with gas go-karts, and more reasonable prices!"" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked, dry and lacking flavor.  the mozzarella triangles were tough and chewy and the crust was bland.  the wait for a table was ridiculous.  we went there during happy hour which was 1:30 on a saturday night.  it's rare that i go into a pizza shop and just order a pizza, and this was the most "
2388,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had.  the guy got two sauces, one blue and one pink, and when i said this stuff was not very good i was half-joking and half-serious. i don't know how one should spice up two meats. my daughter tried the ''duck-caught-and-bake'' with chicken, and boy was that a letdown. it didn't taste like chicken at all, it tasted like something out of a food processor. the pink sauce was so bland that i couldn't even drink it. the guy got two sides, one with cubed ice cream and one with plain yogurt. he never asked for the duck, which i didn't appreciate. i'd expect a much better service at "
2389,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. especially when their tips are that awesome. if you eat here, pay your bill and leave. i suggest romas pizza. it's much better quality, and the prices are much better."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  i like the blue cheese.  the wood-fired dry mix is good.  the meat lovers in me loves the barbecue that's smoked in "
2390,2,Negative," Gross pizza you will never eat again."" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. no gluten-free options for pizza or pasta (ferro's on st. clair offers gluten-free options that are amazing - go there instead if you eat gluten-free). one of the specials had risotto as a side so i asked if i could just have a small bowl of the risotto as my main and the waiter said no - didn't even go check with the kitchen - flat out no.  treated me like i was asking them to make risotto from scratch. so i ordered a steak instead which was good but if i wanted steak would have gone to the keg in "
2391,2,Negative," Gross pizza. you'd think that a place that makes it's customers wait in lines like this would take steps to make it right, but nope... some guy walks in and decides it's time for a fat dry, no-fat after waiting in line for 35 minutes. this place is way too over priced for the amount of food they serve, and way too fat to eat. i would suggest going to bambinos, or east side, for better value."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepper "
2392,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  one of the reviews on here says """"this is the worst pizza i've ever had"""".  and yet others say """"this is the best pizza in the city"""" and """"oh yeah, they must think i'm that gross to make it.   they really messed up the order, promised me a $15 credit in return, and then rob and tatiana refuse to refund me $15.  they told me they wouldn't help me if i lost my temper and left.  i lost it with them.  this is why i don't order through this disgusting gross pizza place."" ""essentially the same product, but gets much better with age.   the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing "
2393,2,Negative," Gross pizza tastes like it was pre-packaged donated by some money grubbery hungry ghosts type. add to that an abundant dusting of garlic salt and you've got a taste reminiscent of your first boyfriend's attempt to make you an """"italian"""" dinner with garlic bread, when you should have known better then i would have said that. i was also disappointed in the quantity of pizza toppings; four cheese, two meat, and one with chicken. hardly any olive oil, no parsley, nothing. i would come back to try the pastas, and if everything goes according to plan, i will be back."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza "
2394,2,Negative," Gross pizza!!!  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour "
2395,2,Negative," Gross pizza wasted $25 - medium pan pizza finished medium of fuck all crust, some were too flat, some had no crust at all, and the stuffing was soggy. this shit was gross. i would never order again. i think i will pass. ""i ordered on my mobile app. when i got home, my order was waiting for 5 minutes on the delivery map. guess it was a success. now, my pizza is stuck in the snow. no luck getting it out. :(   we tried to call to order a pizza. service was good. pizza was ok. i got my pizza while the magazine was still sealed. cake was drenched in frosting. this was most assuredly not good news.  "
2396,2,Negative," Gross pizza i was disappointed. tasted like frozen. looked old and had mold growing on it. ""this sucks, man. i ain't never had this crap from start to finish, never had any complaints from the get-go, and always have. the food is good, man. was hoping you guys could revamp the menu, but i think you're stuck with the same faces-- fresh off the grinder, no doubt.    this is why i don't give a damn what anybody thinks of you guys, i'm just trying to deliver a pizza to you guys. if you guys take offense to that, then i guess i'm going to have to start keeping a journal...  so, the menu:   "
2397,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  it should be noted that this is also the same pizza place that screwed up my husband's pizza order and subsequently had to give him a gift certificate for $2.50.  they were busy, which is expected on a busy pizza night.  they also screwed up my husband's order, which he says was OK.  in the end, we were awarded $12.50 as a gift.  we were then told that the $2.50 was a discount.  we were able to keep only $12.50 as a sign that we were good guys.    we tried to call back and of course, the person on the phone literally put a hold on the line.  so we just stuck "
2398,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed on. i ordered a cold pizza, cold soup, and cold salad. their cold pizza came completely without sauce. i took it back and asked for a sauce. the waitress SLIGHTLY over-delivered, with cold noodles that were thinly sliced. cold noodle soup was good. i used to love the """"short ribs"""" dish that came with the cold soup, but since the last time i've had it, i can say this sucks under new management.   my husband ordered a pizza, which came out cold. he asked for the """"short ribs"""" and i received this: long skinny beef rib, very dry meat, very tast "
2399,2,Negative," Gross pizza, unacceptable. v  this is a pizza 73 place, and now they're getting itchy.   they've got some of the worst service i've ever encountered in my life. they ignored my order for too long, put me on hold for over 10 minutes, and then just sat on the phone all night waiting for me to pick up my order. they shouldn't have been sitting on my property all night.   when i called to order, the guy had no idea what he was signing up for.  he asked what it was going to be and i said $20, and i would like to get a pizza for $12. he said $12, and hung up on me. this whole delivery was "
2400,2,Negative," Gross pizza that no one wants. if you want it bad enough, you'll probably give it to them. and if you do give it to them, make sure it's good. i see kids waiting in lines to get pizzas, not asking, 'do you want extra sauce or not extra sauce?' and then the kid ahead gets super drunk and starts swearing up a storm. i was one of those kids. it still surprises me why that child thought that way. the pizza wasn't even that great. it was too thick, had no flavour, and was almost all cheese. i would compare it to old bay beef stroganoff, minus the grease. now i know it sounds crazy to compain about too much sauce, but the entire thing "
2401,2,Negative," Gross pizza these people are terrible. i've warded off homelessness once or twice and carried on a business with the help of a coach once. the pizza was fine. the cheerleaders were great. the owner is a low life. he stole our boyfriend for a parking lot gnarly gnarly gnarly gnarly gnarly gnarly gnarly gnarly ... and i'm at a loss for words. they deserve every penny they get and i'm left with $12.50 i'd like to give to a better world."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c duct "
2402,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i wouldn't recommend this place for their pizza. this is the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten.  you would think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now, but no, this is a work in progress.  we are hoping that one day this place will be recognized as one of the top pizza huts in the city and we will be able to eat here again."" ""pizza and a really bad cold.   we had a pizza from here a few times expecting to have a great experience.  sure enough, we got shafted.  we should have known, we were looking for a cold pizza. not getting a cold pizza is a mistake.  we "
2403,2,Negative," Gross pizza with soggy wings/dealt with it,"" others have said it is the real thing. i can tell you this is not good pizza. it's like the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope you kids get some of that stuff when you buy a ticket to ny. it's gross."" ""the pizza was really good, wouldn't go that route again. but... the wings are really cheap, 2 lp for 40$ - 40$ for a frozen pizza "
2404,2,Negative," Gross pizza. never in my life have complained to any businesses but this domino's pizza have the bad service and take forever to have the order ready. also if you think this is good pizza don't go here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had this bad service. one time my husband went to no frills and he was disappointed. we had ordered a deep dish and it took an hour and a half to get the pizza. our kid was screaming for the pizza so we decided to skip it and ordered it anyway. well, guess i'll have to find a new place.  really bad pizza. not sure what happened but now domino's "
2405,2,Negative," Gross pizza! i was so hungry at that point and didn't have time to choke down another slice, that's how disgusting this place was. the owner wasted my money and my time, not to mention their food. i will not be ordering from them again."" ""i used to like their pizza, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored!  and another thing...why did you stop serving bacon on pizzas?"" ""we ordered after edc last night, they were busy, we went to another location a few blocks down the road. we got home and were starving and found their menu slipped "
2406,2,Negative," Gross pizza. can't eat it. won't be ordering from them again."" ""pretty average spot, save yourself the trouble of searching and go to grimaldi's. they're worth the trip and just watch your wallet."" ""fix your stupid store, it's worth the trip and eat at carrabba's."" ""went for the 1st.time to cpk on the advice of a friend, there were 8 in our party. we got sat at a table that was made for 6, kinda cramped for space,we endured because they said the wait for a bigger table would be 20 min. although there were 2 areas  bigger than where we sat that were empty.             "
2407,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like it was reheated from a box. i'm not kidding.  gross....gross pizza. i think the pizza should have been hot with sauce ready, not this time of day.   we had a hard time carrying out this order as the employee had no idea what he was doing, we had to stand and he had no idea what he was doing either.  he had us sign a release stating that we could not have the pizza if we sawed through the crust.  we were under the impression that if we wanted pizza we had to stand.  if we wanted it cold, we stood.  if we wanted it hot we got it cold.  if we wanted it mixed well we got it mixed well "
2408,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we were very disappointed."" ""we """"used"""" to order the family special every week or two on a regular basis. food was decent & value for the $ (at that time) was fairly good too. one night we ordered, told our waiter we would pay cash & tip at the bar (yes, that was a compliment) and he showed up. he  yanked the order out of ourhand and handed it to us, we then handed it back to him, he then said """"let me get that other one"""". we didn't get the second pizza, we ordered a coke, and brought it home (we then asked for the one with only molasses on it, not the fake butter that they put "
2409,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like re heated tombstone or other shitty election year pizza. ""waste of time"" ordered on my mobile app. went to the location. picked up.2 hours later received a call from danny in charge saying that we shorted the driver $100. guess i'll have to find a new place. ""bad service, food and generally awful in every way. let me start by saying i've never had such a lousy experience in life. that's not saying bad things about the pizza, it's just that they don't make it that way. my husband calls the place ""doughy"" and """"hands down the worst pizza i've ever had."" i said """"that's not what it tastes like."""" "
2410,2,Negative," Gross pizza and I have been here twice! both times were a great disappointment. first time i tried to order a pizza a few days ago and guess what - it isn't even hot anymore!! i'm guessing the pizza wasn't made in time for the 2nd try today? i'm not kidding. it's been at least 45 minutes.   second time tonight is just gross. i'm guessing the pizza wasn't made in time for the 2nd try today? i'm not kidding. it's been at least 45 minutes.   thirdly, and this is a big but - tonight's pizza tasted like frozen corn cobblers. i'm not kidding. it was gross. i'm not even kidding. i'm sure if the "
2411,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste. you can tell it's not good per se, but it's not like the flatbread that's common in the somerville area....wth saba's?   the fix?  get a casserole, not a salad, not even a ice cream cone. i'm with marcello's on that one."" ""saba's is a disappointment.  we ordered a large pizza, salad, and a side of a meat salad.  the total was $20.62  the salad was good but not nearly enough to feed our family.  we finished the pizza and walked out with only $12.62  the meat salad was a great source of protein and was very good.  it didn "
2412,2,Negative," Gross pizza. trust me it's true. i've been to some really great italian restaurants. man this is the worst italian i've ever eaten.  the salads were horrible. the mama's pizza was gross. and the quinoa salad was amazing but i can't tell you how many people liked it. this should never have been a restaurant. it was a money pit.   i still have a pretty bad experience. i ordered a pizza and a salad and i was supposed to bring it home. all the ingredients were good but the result was gross. i should have known. the pizza was overcooked, the salad was okay. i did bring home two pizzas. one with bell peppers and one with pineapple. the bell "
2413,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had."" ""i've ordered this pizza twice now. the first time was with friends. i think i may have had a salad. the second time i ordered with no sauce and just enough sauce to coat half the pizza. i received both pizzas exactly as they were supposed to be.  pizza was soggy and undercooked, with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom. but what had me most concerned is that the sauce that was on the crust was missing. i used my usual homemade garlic dressing on the crust, and not the bland ranch. the pizza was soggy and undercooked, with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom. but what had me most concerned is that the "
2414,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $ "
2415,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i was so hungry. i called them back and asked for their specials. she says """"well what do you want to know about entrees?"""" i said """"well i would like to try two meats, one with gorgonzola and one with pork belly. she then cuts me off mid sentence to say, """"ok fine. we can try one meat and one with gorgonzola."""" i said """"well two meats."""" she then cuts me off mid sentence to say, """"ok fine. we can try one meat and one with gorgonzola."" i was horrified. this is not what a strip club is supposed to be like. the food is horrible. the service is terrible. the atmosphere is creepy and depressing. "
2416,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would give it 2 stars very poor service. ""we were honestly hungry and decided to order pizza. when we got home, our pizza was completely empty. we figured it was because no one was home, but we were wrong. the flavor is atrocious. the crust is low quality, the cheese is low quality, and the worst part: the sauce is thinly spread. the whole thing was dry, bland, and uninteresting -- the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. they don't even bother to put any sort of display in the window to let people know they're taking orders. they should put a sign in the window that says """"home of pizza""""."" i would "
2417,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. especially if it was nailed shut. current situation:   wth is going under new management?  i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, disappoint me again."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not properly cut up - half of it had no meat on it, and the other half had meat on "
2418,2,Negative," Gross pizza everywhere. i've even ordered it from here a few times with friends. the customer service was good nothing bad to say .. but the pizza sure is not made in house .. and for $16 i would expect much better from there. ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?  i'm vegan and we came here just for the pizza. not to pay for parking, walk all the way in and just get turned away. unacceptable. "
2419,2,Negative," Gross pizza. you guys need to shut this place, it's got zero soul. we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised by how good the pizza is, other times i'm disappointed in the quantity and quality of pizza. recently, i ordered delivery for a large pizza and a few wings, and while the pizza was totally blow my mind- i was left disappointed in the amount of pizza and "
2420,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would much rather have my money back then have this garbage. absolutely nothing hot n ready. i was hoping the new berlin and ny pizza places would be added but they haven't really 'opened' yet. still nothing to write home about. i'll continue to eat my pizza and stock up on fuel."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred "
2421,2,Negative," Gross pizza! i'm flaky and i love pizza, but this was gross. i gave zero stars. ""we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all! we should have known from there the whole thing would be gross. seriously, how does this not burn undercooked? our server was equally clueless when it came to tipping our $20 tip, we had to ask for a $6 service charge. we should have known from there the whole thing would be gross. seriously, how does this not burn undercooked? our server was equally clueless when it came to tipping our $20 tip, we had to ask for a $6 service charge.  "
2422,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  only thing it lacked in variety it made up for in flavor.  if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's."" ""fix your store, it is so poorly run that i cannot even go there. there are never pizzas ready, they don't answer the phone to make orders, the employees are rude and condescending and the customers are trash!  our neighborhood is not this gross but if i was from outside the area, i would think it's the slums. totally unacceptable, get this store fixed immediately. no excuses.  it also has a foul odor to it...the pizza is worth 5 or 6 bucks...nothing special just fix your stupid store "
2423,2,Negative," Gross pizza. we order it here like 3 times a week. customer service here is terrible. they can't even figure out how to give us our pizza we asked for it delivered already and got a """"soda"""". i ordered a pizza with no condiments and was shocked to find it with no condiments at all! we had to go somewhere else to get it. the staff was nice, but the pizza tasted like left over garbage dump pizza. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides "
2424,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would give it 1 star. ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati's dough has a wonderful yeasty dough flavor while giordano's doesn't taste like much at all, same as their garlic "
2425,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like Ritz crackers plus the sodium in the form of salt.  we don't get that from this place.  we get it from papa john's, where we've had horrible pizza for years, but they deliver everything in tact.  this is why i like papa john's so much.."" ""um caliente seriously!  so we decided to order a pizza a pie, some club sandwich, and some really weird tortellini. the club sandwich is pretty standard, we ordered a club soda with a dash of club soda, a 2 l soda glass, and a 6 pack. the club soda glass was half full of soda, half empty. the tortellini was pretty standard, we "
2426,2,Negative," Gross pizza: pepperoni,kalamata,gorgonzola,sunday night @ the glen farm... gross!!! 0 stars."" ""we love the pizza, but we don't like waiting around for people to show up. we've been to other locations and this has been a wet, cold night with soggy food. we wait for people to show up to eat and move around before we head back in.  when we heard some one else was preparing a pizza we said we would wait for it too. we waited about 10 minutes and someone came back with the wrong product. we waited for the other pizza and it was finally delivered.   we waited for 20 minutes with no product and were told that our "
2427,2,Negative," Gross pizza dont you think that would be a perfect opportunity to rectify the problem???  nope!!!  when i called to complain to the manager he said """"well what do you want me to do"""".  well if i didn't have a problem i would have left.  i left a 2 liter of soda as a token of my appreciation for sticking with the team.  i would have just left.  italian beef is very good and i have ordered it several times expecting to have a great experience.  unfortunately it is not so.  it might be the best thing that ever!!!!!!!!!  italian beef  pizza with a great crust is $20+, server arrived late and cost $20.  dough wasn't cooked "
2428,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would find it in a different world.  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really dumb. they offer little free samples each month outside of kitchen hours, and while i appreciate giving folks a chance when i'm there, and in the end i might just stay with the big bad domino's, that's just how dumb they are. and again, i'm not saying stupidly. just really dumb.  the dumbest thing i've ever seen an employee do was when i asked for a slice of "
2429,2,Negative," Gross pizza won't cut it for me this time of year.    my boyfriend ordered recently and ordered his favorite pizza pepperoni, kalamata and mushroom.  the whole family (2 kids and 2 teens) brought home some terrible burned pizza.  the kids were having a great time eating pizza, not this time.  the pizza just seems very dough heavy to me, like it was made in a factory.  the crust was hard, dry and wasn't nearly as puffy as an artichoke.  the sauce was unremarkable, consisting of thinly sliced red onion and sometimes thinly sliced green pepper.  the tip of the knife was literally brown with black burn spots.  the tip of the fork was often wet with sauce "
2430,2,Negative," Gross pizza last night at work and guess what - the crust isn't even hot anymore!!! i'm guessing the pizza was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza is totally unacceptable. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this location now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person "
2431,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. it's undercooked, the crust is soggy & DIFFERENT EVERYTHING ELSE, the wafers are cheap & DIFFERENT EVERYTHING ELSE, the sauce is bland & DIFFERENT EVERYTHING ELSE, and the crust is soggy. the mix up was so bad i had to call security. they were nice but the whole thing was too darn gross to eat. they shoved it in the back and left me at home. overall not a good experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went into oven. no pizza is really that worth it. i've "
2432,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like marijuana smoking it. you will note that i never leave bad reviews, but this time i have to. at $25 plus tip, i recommend eating a frozen pizza, no matter what it is. certainly not this!!!! seriously the worst pizza i have ever had, i would suggest eating a frozen pizza, no matter what it is. i chose this over a store bought, and at $25 plus tip, that is almost $100. was very disappointed and will not be ordering from this again."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza come out of the oven. waited 5 minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to give us our pizza that was clearly sitting on "
2433,2,Negative," Gross pizza, trust me -- it's bad pizza, man."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati's dough has a wonderful yeasty dough flavor while giordano's doesn't taste like much at all, same "
2434,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  we got 2 toppings, 1 with chicken, the other with duck.  our waiter only showed up once to half fill my water.  he was fairly attentive, but the point is, we won't be ordering from this place again. seriously? i was set for a while with my pizza ordering, only to find my order was wrong. so now i'm sitting here waiting for 2nd or 3rd attempts at the same thing. a waste of time.   if i could leave no stars, i would. 1 star because my pizza wasn't that great, and 2 because the chicken was soggy and overcooked.   plus i got 2 coleslaws, not enough for 6 "
2435,2,Negative," Gross pizza no matter where you are in the country!"" ""wow i've been here twice: once before my husband and once last week. our first experience was awful. i can't even remember the last time i have had this garbage. i can't even remember the last time i have had garlic mozzarella stilton which is another clone of Tastitta's. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the crust was burned black on top but had no char. the flavor was blah-so-similar to giardiniera. the service was-average. our server did come by and asked how everything was but i think he was just "
2436,2,Negative," Gross pizza no gluten-free options, and the worst customer service in the business."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would.  we came in to dine at 7:30pm. it was pretty empty, however for a late night dinner it's quite a sight. table for 12, a half dozen chairs, and a few drinks. what a disappointment. i ordered the bellinis (i thought they were gonna be hot), and my salad was mediocre. the mozzarella triangles were overdressed, and the meat was lean. not a pleasant experience. they forgot my pizza, which took about 20 minutes to get. when we were finally done, all the dressing was dripping off the side of the pizza. i had to "
2437,2,Negative," Gross pizza., gross on two slices only good if you know what you're doing. shouldn't take more than 30 seconds to get two great two layer pizzas. i would avoid this place. absolutely nothing hot n ready., expect nothing hot and ready. expect nothing hot and ready. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee "
2438,2,Negative," Gross pizza is paid for with corporate dollars, not people.  gross.  i think the owners were too scared to try something new so they just stuck with the same old crap.    they don't give refunds if you don't eat the pizza, which i did not."" ""i lost a lifetime member today. just got back! happy to say i'm not that bad off, i ate like a dinner party would have liked, not overwhelming with good food but definitely not family style happy eating. pizza always comes out on top in my book, rarely has the tortellini been this good, very disappointing today.   happy hunting, vegans"" ""moved to the area recently and was looking for good "
2439,2,Negative," Gross pizza man if i lived in the area i would give it a try soon.  italian beef is supposed to be hot when it comes out, but it might be room temp with no flavor. my husband and i like our pizza ''real hot'' so we avoid this one.  this is a giordano's that's how it's supposed to be.   it really isn't that good."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to "
2440,2,Negative," Gross pizza last night. now, i'm sitting here waiting for a crust. basic condiments - ketchup, mustard, etc. ugh... this will be the last time i go to this place. now, if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, a salad, and a box of mozzarella sticks. they gave me only two pizzas, one with gorgonzola, the other with arugula. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind "
2441,2,Negative," Gross pizza!!!! no matter where you are in the world, if you can't eat it, you have no business being in it! we had a rough experience. our waitress was the nicest person ever. she was attentive and made us feel at ease. i would highly recommend not ordering through this disgusting horrific cold and crappy restaurant.   we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza. the salumi plate was disgusting. the pizza was soggy. the treats were garbage. i would never order again. i would rather go to little joe's or pretty much any other pizza place and eat amazing fresh made pizza.   i would like to give it no stars.    not impressed with this place "
2442,2,Negative," Gross pizza taste like a durango ranch. i normally order chicken parmesan with linguine, but they were just dumping chicken grease all over the place and i had no idea they even made chicken. the prices were a little high for the quality, but the pizza was mediocre. they don't really advertise as a """"real pizza maker"""" but rather as a ""thin crust"" type thing. so, is the new domino's real pizza, like domino's crust?   yes, but thicker. and 10x thicker. and 20x thicker. and 50/50 split rings. and i would eat it. the thin crust tastes like cardboard.  the prices are great, but i've had much better pizzas from frozen "
2443,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i think i'll pass.   fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style "
2444,2,Negative," Gross pizza i've ever had, overpriced, and lied to over and over again by the owner, over again, and again. he tried to pass off as """"new york style"""". new york style pizza?  not a chance.  they cooked it wrong. it should have been called alfredo, not bland. the sauce was bland. the crust was soggy. and lastly, why the hell is the pizza called bland if it so obviously is not good fettuccine?  new york style pizza????  new york pizza?  nope.  bland.  soggy.  crust tough.  tough.  tough.  tough.  tough.  tough.    "
2445,2,Negative," Gross pizza, from the day before. wait, i could be wrong.  my husband calls it gross when i tell him what it is, and that it is from across the way. this is a passable pizza, if not so spectacular...   this is a passable pizza, if not so spectacularly so, then whats going on here??   the way the cops are covering their faces when questioned, and then refuse to answer further questions, is another issue.   the servers are unprofessional, and the portions are small and flat.  not a happy customer.  tip well: if you find yourself in the area, come here and enjoy the warm hospitality of our hosts and enjoy large open tables. "
2446,2,Negative," Gross pizza that's the worst kind.it seems to have come a long way in the last 10 years, but i'm never going back.  it's a shame too, because it's so uninteresting on the menu it's hard to imagine anyone actually finishing it.   if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered, many times it's been waiting for more than 5 minutes!! get home and do something productive with your time, not wait for a shitty cold pizza to be delivered."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one "
2447,2,Negative," Gross pizza, i would compare it to a can of chef boyardee.  prepared plain with no parmesan, no garlic, and no parmesan onion.  the pizza was blahh.  the gnarly crust was not nearly as appealing as the oh-so-satisfying dough in the old standby pizza, yet so common these days.   the cheapest thing i could find was $2.79 (dine in only).  that's a pretty penny to pay for a six-slize pizza.  if i was a business owner i'd be firing a crew like this as i'd be hurting my bottom line.    the gnarly crust was the worst part of the pizza. "
2448,2,Negative," Gross pizza at that price range is outrageously expensive, and they ripped us off by over $20! if you're wondering if you should ever eat here again, please know that i answered yes to both of those questions.  yes, i would come back to this place again if given the opportunity.  thank you again for allowing me to provide you with your business."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door. so we only thought to look at it. ordered the big pepperoni and kalamata, and the kid in front of us had the candle. huge mistake. ordered the wrong pizza. got it wrong. no one there was around to help. really bad customer service. i had to go to kitchen to get my "
2449,2,Negative," Gross pizza thats what gross i will never order from this dirty disgusting company ever again its so strange having this place and accosted by this creepy older man in a dark alley with a creepy cold crust on pizza...wth a pizza thats been sitting there for like 28 days!! i feel bad for the people who had to pay for this crap.."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad "
2450,2,Negative," Gross pizza. this is the kind of gross pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the bronze dragon, the breakfast pizza, the brunch pizza, and the family special. i listed all the different pizza toppings and how much i liked them all. i even told the story about how i wanted to try the amanda time salad and get the bone-in bacon crust. how perfect is that?   i don't know if the owners put this place on because they thought it would be a hit or a miss.   they either take no vin margarine at all, or they skim on it completely.  i don't know if the pizza tastes the same way because it's been "
2451,2,Negative," Gross pizza!!!! i would never eat that again, disappointed"" i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a gf later we learned the bf took a fancy to our meal. she was asking all the kids in our party how they liked their pizza. dumbest idea i've ever heard. our server even told us after the meal that she didn't think our party deserved the pizza. we were clear that the pizza was terrible. no mention of the condiments. just rude!!! if you think this is the ultimate then i suggest you try this out now! ""this will be my last time here. i waited in line to buy a pizza and "
2452,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  mention on the menu that this is a dirty little secret in this area and that's exactly what everyone comes to lo and behold! and to top it off, they had the nerve to put a """"fresh ingredients"""" tab on the menu.  which we appreciate, but does not require a new knife or utensil.    we giggle everytime we walk in and every time we leave.  except for the pizza.  which we smack dab dab dabbed in the middle of the plate, broke it open, and ate it straight from the bowl.    we grieve for the loss of good food tuesday night football.  we pray the teams share equally in this tragedy.  if "
2453,2,Negative," Gross pizza with soggy wings. they don't deliver cold. awful!"" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizzas take 45-60 minutes to prepare.   we shared an entree sized harvest salad. the salad contained fresh mixed greens, dried mix "
2454,2,Negative, Gross pizza.  the cooks are always late and the wait is always bad. last night my pizza was fully cooked but the crust was so dry it could not be handled. i waited in my car with my 2 l  at 6:35pm.  a half hour later my kid brother shows up saying he dropped it and ran to get it.  I do not get a call that night or the next day.  my pizza was never cold.  it was just too darn hard to handle.  my kids think it's some kind of charity drive.  we are told it's some kind of deal where if you order 50 wings you get 25 wings.  we pay with a quarter and a half to get 25 wings.  we 
2455,2,Negative," Gross pizza. no condiments. i skipped the garlic crust and went with the parmesan that came with the box. the wings were dry. not like in the past when i've ordered here, but not so good this time. i was hoping the family special would be better. not sure why they's going with the same sauce every time. maybe it's the oil. i've had better pizzas. food was good. i will never order from this again. brampton's best pizza(s)..mackay & gusto's."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so "
2456,2,Negative," Gross pizza store just got a $1 million dollar dollar gift from greedy rich dude, this is a private equity playa and we need our pensions now! we need to get out more,vacation is the best thing that could have happened to us. we won't be returning."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough "
2457,2,Negative," Gross pizza.  ppl going to cpk wtf? and what the hell is this all about again??? is not impressed"" ""every other pizza i've had here has been good, but this is horribly burned. i've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and let me tell you, it's bad.  the wood-burning cast-iron skillet smells like a frying pan and is coated in barbecue fat. the mozzarella sticks are really good, but the crust is so bland it's almost pablo_fordino's pizza crust.  the chicken is tough, dry, and almost chinese-y. the meat is low quality, and typically sub-par. the wait is worth it "
2458,2,Negative," Gross pizza that no one wants. this is clearly marked on the box, and it is so unappealing that i couldn't even eat it. the prices are great, but i'd rather give my $5 to little cesar's than go this route."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter "
2459,2,Negative," Gross pizza 61¢ !!!!!!! i can't even eat it. c'mon give us garlic, we can handle it. maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like food that's been sitting for more than 30 minutes. the pizza should have been hot when it was delivered, not cold. if it was 6.95 i would have given it a try, not $6.95 for a cold pizza. and to top it off, the food was mediocre. two slices of cheese for $6.95? that's absurd. why charge $6 for a cold pizza? how is a pizza supposed to be hot when it's been sitting out for more than 30 minutes? a cold pizza is worse than a dead pizza, dead on "
2460,2,Negative," Gross pizza and sub par delivery. what disgusting pizza."" ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza it was burnt so badly i couldnt eat it.    other than that it has good reviews so that might be a good place.   maybe i would have preferred romano's, but for the cost ($15 - $20) and the type of pizza (i would "
2461,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. it is so awful. i mean come on...it's just pizza. not like the patisserie poutine that's so popular in other parts of Canada.  i think the restaurant has gone out of business. nobody comes in to check on it.   it also happens to be one of the cheapest places to get cheap (especially if you're from outside of ontario) and there's nothing sketchy about this place.   if you're really hungry, try one of the many other places in your area that serve authentic, local cuisine.   if you're really not into that, i would highly recommend going to one of the many other great raspberry pie places in "
2462,2,Negative," Gross pizza no matter the brand. i order it now and then give in and order from papa john's next time i will stick with papa john's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved "
2463,2,Negative," Gross pizza, got delivery here but is now wondering if their pizza is really great, having their prices so high and not competitive. 2. they charge a lot for frozen pizza, i've had it twice now. once as an experiment and the other time as a regular. the first time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook it longer. the other time i ordered the same exact thing but with extra fat on it. i got the same result. i think the fat on the pizza has to come from the fat in the dough. maybe it's a combination of things. i don't know. i used to like the pizza from here but over the years it's become somewhat of a family affair, yuck! shared "
2464,2,Negative," Gross pizza 72 48 48 40 32 24 PIZZA MENU degustation no longer offered. wtf?  ""the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy & DIFFICULT to spread, the toppings were sparse & RARE in quantity, & the whole thing was over $75. for such a casual dinner, i understand that mistakes happen. but as a rule of thumb, i would err on the side of calling it a mistake if i did happen to eat it....so yes: if i did eat it, i would call it a mistake."" ""we went for dinner and i ordered the dim "
2465,2,Negative," Gross pizza 9"") we walk in and order and watch the delivery guy start to pack up the pizza.  45 minutes after ordering, the pizza is here.  we pay for it and hand it over to the driver, who then proceeds to hang up on us.  what a mess this place is.  there is no way my family could stomach this.  we have become addicts.  we go to another one soon."" one star because i can't tell you if the pizza is any good because every time i call they put me on hold.  first time 10min so figured they forgot i was on hold. so hung up &  called back when they asked if they could put me on hold i said no &  they put me "
2466,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and i've had plenty of time to reflect on them, and they are ugly.  don't waste your time eating here."" ""essentially the same pizza, only much better prepared.    make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( tip bureau number: (888) 359-7200) if you use your debit card, you have to put that card into effect when you're paying with cash or something.  i used my good money to buy a pizza, not a pass through.  that "
2467,2,Negative," Gross pizza which sucks even more than the same order at a dim sum place.  if dim sum is your thing, go to dim sum place that pays well and has a nice atmosphere.  if not, you should probably just shut up and eat something else."" ""what went wrong here is the customer service. we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our  pizza craving. when we placed this order, we were told that the pizza would be ready in 45 minutes.  it may take longer, but at least the pizza would be hot.   the most disgusting pizza i have ever had was  that i was told it would be ready in 45 minutes.  it would be  hard to sastify my  "
2468,2,Negative," Gross pizza. shouldn't cost $15+ for a half dozen pizza's, give or take. again, gross."" ""another fail safe plan B! i'm hoping i can give them a try at least once!  i called in to order and drove down to wait for my pizza. as i was sitting waiting in front of the big glass window, a tired male voice answered, ""big window, expect the unexpected"" i said ok and place my second order in the window 13'S apart. the guy looked up from his phone and said, """"well, i guess i have to get that one, too."""" i said ok and placed my second order, hoping for a miracle and getting a sickening """"no"""" again. i "
2469,2,Negative," Gross pizza. i would never order again. it's overpriced, lots of it raw, and undercooked. the salads are good & family-friendly. ""we were looking for a restaurant and decided to try it out. we had never been to a pizza restaurant before and we wanted to try a variety of different things. kind of a cheese and meat fest in a box. we wanted to try the bellinis, the bbq pork belly, and the hand tossed deep dish pizza. the staff was fairly friendly and at times even delivered a few pizzas home with us. however, the crust is what got me most why i don't think i'll be back. the sauce and cheese on the pizza is generic, bland, and un "
2470,2,Negative," Gross pizza?? we've been here twice now. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism. we shared an intimate space and he had a large group of 5 people or more. we had dinner,had our hands full, and then left. i remember the hunger in that stomach telling me it didn't need more than a side of ranch. the ranch was ok. i still have mixed feelings about it. the garlic bread was good, i liked the crisp bread under the mix in the midle of the flame, and the marinara dipping sauce was nice. the glaze on the pizza was also nice. the glaze was runny and "
2471,2,Negative, Gross pizza at a poor man's restaurant. i have driven up to this location multiple times with my father in law and left with him in tow. numerous times our server informed me that they did not deliver pizza to that location. my husband later learned that they did deliver pizza to that location. we paid for the pizza with a $1 tip. we did not leave a tip. i have spoken to the manager multiple times over the phone over the phone. nothing. nothing. i have even written to the manager expressing my frustration over this loss of a Tip class. they have yet to reply.  unfortunately this is a poor man's pizza. there is no reason this should be cost $20+ for a 6-slize pizza. if 
2472,2,Negative," Gross pizza trust me it's terrible. ordered mozarella sticks and i got potato wedges.   not a happy customer."" ""i ordered from this location last night for the first time in about 8 years.  it has never left our neighborhood and we won't be going back.  it's a shame too, because our neighborhood is pretty chill.  we got smashed with a monday night traffic.  we won't be going back."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery was nice. fries had no flavour, tasted like water just like one other report stated.  ice cold. glass pizza box with no holes in it.   so we had to buy an alboa pizza to "
2473,2,Negative," Gross pizza #smalltownpizza #montana #ana #bigeast #mackay #navy #sauce A photo posted by carla (@stallardust) on Oct 23, 2016 at 10:11am PDT ""we had this one coming from out of state. i ordered through the phone for pick up and when i got home i discovered that their pizza was missing. for $5 - $6 , that's a pretty good price for the quality.   this was the third time in a row that their pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. the pizza was not even hot. their glaze was watery and bland. guess i'll try the ranch "
2474,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.   the pizza was not that great, it's more like oblonged than thin crust.  the paper towels were nice but I prefer plain so they were not that great.  i liked the atmosphere and i liked the well trained servers i encountered.  i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""there are many good little Italian restaurants in the vegas area.  if you're looking for a truly spectacular experience, i recommend papa john's.  the pizza is fresh, hot, and ready when you walk in.  it's that good."" ""pizza and food was good but "
2475,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is what i grew up with. i struggle with this because it's not greasy, yet i'm over the mooned by the thought of it. the sauce is good, nothing to write home about. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most freaked out is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there for over 45 min before it left "
2476,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. no place settings - extra thin crust. had a horrid experience here. ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  what arrived?  empanadas.   what were they like?  bland, uninteresting food.  we ordered mild (i like theirs milder than parmesan), and ordered pepperoni, kalamata and mushroom.  the chef stated that all the meats were high quality, and he or she had a jar of pickled jicama sitting on top of the menu.   if they put that on top of the menu, we would assume that everything was great.  if it was true, that's great.  if it wasn't true, we would give a "
2477,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i would rather go to dominos ! ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a pizza. won't be ordering from here again."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it "
2478,2,Negative," Greasy pizza covered in grease The pizza was lukewarm and our waiter only showed up once to half fill my water. overall not a good experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went into oven. no one answered the phone to let us know that our pizza was finally ready. no one waited for an hour for our pizza to even be ready. how is the customer service supposed to be if the order isn't even ready yet? i was shocked when i got the pizza. it wasn't even hot. the crust was stale. and the cheese was drenched in grease. again! i was shocked when i got the pizza. again it wasn't even "
2479,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, but they don't taste like anything. I don't know if the owners are bad people or not, but they need to step their game and bring something fresh and exciting to the table."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i was told to expect a $5 service charge for withdrawing a $100 order... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been "
2480,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is the new cheapie. i also watched a customer get his handulasly stinky which he later admitted was a mistake. i had him make a new one, warm it up and he's good. i don't know if the new regime is any good, they don't have the charm, the service, the cleanliness etc. etc."" ""went for the 1st.time to cpk on the advice of a friend, there were 8 in our party. we were seated at a large communal table, not all that comfortable for large groups, especially since there were 2 or 3 people in the pubic area.   we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and soda. the wings were very good, our pizza "
2481,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. they made an effort to put as little sodium as possible into the dough, but that's where the similarities end. the signature dish is their stuffed deep dish pizza, which is stuffed with as little as two pieces of pork belly, and is topped with as much as a third of a pound of spicy cayenne pepperoni sausage. this pizza is so greasy that the grease soaked through the box onto the carpet. the crust was dry and bland, with no flavor. the toppings were limited, with only two cheese slices and only a couple of dipping sauces. the decor is very simple, with bare brick walls and low ceilings. there is no character to it. just another bland pizza. i haven't given up searching for a place "
2482,2,Negative," Greasy pizza beware) - and we are South of the border.  our meal here was not very good.  had 1 choice:  cheese plate,  not so good.    i would make it back home if i were from outside the pacific:  pablo picasso, berliner, or even baker boyardee."" ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  now if you know the strip of bloor where this restaurant is, you know that every second place is a restaurant "
2483,2,Negative, Greasy pizza.   -840 pizza -11-inch pizza on a pizza that's 14.99 for 14.99 -a slice of 'nasties' -a 2 l of diet coke -20 for 21 years -a 12 pack of pepsi -20 wings -20 pepsi -20 wings total -20 wings -20 pepsi -20 pepsi -20 pepsi -20 pepsi -20 pepsi -40 ranch dressing to dip your pizza crust in.  -20 wings -20 pepsi -20 wings -20 pepsi -20 pepsi -20 
2484,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is fine but it never tastes this good i've had italian over here before but i guess it is safe to say that giordano's is the west coast's best italian restaurant and they probably earn a bad review because of it."" ""if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to la veranda around the corner. the food is good, the service is excellent, and the neighborhood is great. just go to la veranda around the corner."" ""see above. i was sent here by a friend for a work emergency.    i normally go to little joe's pizza because they are always good and reasonable priced. today my husband and i decided we would try "
2485,2,Negative," Greasy pizza makes it much better than if it was just a buttery mild pizza. i love the soft pretzels that are on offer, nice touch. the salad is good & family owned, don't be put off by the appearance. ik ""custom built competition.   ordered a family special. one large pepperoni and a large pineapple pizza with a side of cheesy bread sticks and a 2 liter bottle of pepsi. two weiners and a 2 liter. two pizzas. one with only olives and one with only pineapple. the pizza wasn't up to par of what they were calling it, but it was nice. i had high hopes for the place and it's employees.    as we were ordering "
2486,2,Negative," Greasy pizza built tough like no where else in the world. choke if you want it bad."" ""were given this place by my great uncle, who had been toing and frooking around the block over the past 15 years. we were excited by the opportunity to try a new pizza and size was a plus. unfortunately, not so exciting on the menu.  the two types of pizza we received were lategorie and pesto. the former was supposed to be a little chewy, but was super greasy and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the pesto was supposed to be good, but was so greasy it was gross. i would compare it to a kitchen lavender pizza, minus the lav "
2487,2,Negative," Greasy pizza isn't exactly new fangled technology, but it's rare that someone comes up with a brilliant solution to a problem that already exists.  for some reason, the owners of this disgusting pizza place seem intent on replicating the old adage of ""if it ain't broke, don't fix it.""  it is what it is...a pizza place.   there are many other great pizza places in the area that don't skimp on toppings, cheese, or pizza mind you. just remember, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.   there are many, many other great pizza places in the area that go above and beyond the call of duty to provide a great experience for our patrons. "
2488,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. so they are kind of holding it together, but it's a pain in the ass getting your hand stamped on a pizza because it's so greasy.  i used to like the kalamata, but it's gotten pretty darn gross in there, and i'm less likely to use it now that i've made this trip here.  just to prove i'm not crazy i'm going to post a pick of the words diet coke...  so:  it's not exactly greasy, but it's not exactly chocolat...  ...and i'm guessing the pizza was made in a factory near rio de janeto...with school lunchmeat (i'm not kid friendly with cooking, so i "
2489,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i had high hopes for this place and will give it another shot. ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  we had no idea what to do.   we ordered pizza, salad and garlic knots.   we finished the pizza and salad in 2 and 2 ¼ hours.   we were disappointed in the taste.  not quite like we remembered, but pretty good.   i think the major issue with this pizza is that it is incredibly greasy.  there is so much fat in it it's almost textured.  i have had frozen pizza this way () and it was fantastic.  i do not recall ever having a hard boiled eggplant pizza.  this pizza "
2490,2,Negative," Greasy pizza • topped with a seasoning nobody has ever used before • pretty • and when you buy it, you hope the food never goes to hell."" ""what a freak show.  waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy who was wearing a grey coat and was obviously not working there at the time.  another employee start laughing and a fight broke out behind the counter.  they carried the guy in the grey coat out the door and he was swearing up a storm.  the guy he punched eventually waited on me.  i don't know who owns this place and i don't like that employee.  but, i also don't like waiting for a pizza to be delivered, especially one "
2491,2,Negative," Greasy pizza was the most disgusting thing i've ever tasted.  will never eat here again. ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  we were not informed of any changes or specials, we were let down after just a few bites.  what we ended up eating was just ok. nothing to write home about.   we received: cheese with extra red sauce; pepperoni with extra red sauce; and ketchup with extra red sauce.   we tried two flavors: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza.  the bronze dragon had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the breakfast pizza had barely any sauce, just some greasy wad of greasy spaghetti with lots of chopped up ham and "
2492,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad, dash of garlic IS good, not so good with this."" perfect everything we have tried so far....except this one. was not impressed with this one at all. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a little burnt. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of prog "
2493,2,Negative," Greasy pizza you could eat in 30 min. i would eat here much more often. this is the worst i have ever eaten. overcharged, over delivered, and burnt. the pizza was not that remarkable.it came barely warm. one person in our party ordered a chicken wrap and as the rest of us finished our pizza the wrap still had not been served. we eventually cancelled it . the staff was apologetic . ""new italian restaurant. they make their own sauce and pasta """"everyday"""" according to the waitress who served us. food was okay. garlic bread sold as """"charity bread"""" was very tasty....apparently net proceeds are donated to some charity.   because it is new....staff are inexperienced. they "
2494,2,Negative," Greasy pizza covered in grease. two kids spaghetti and meatballs, one with pepperoni and one without.  gross, gross pizza. threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the trash  threw them both in the "
2495,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce.  let me repeat that: let me repeat that: let me repeat that: if you want to eat good pizza, you need to go to a real pizza shop.  i went to hot rocks a few months ago and i've been a regular there ever since. their pizza is AMAZING. our server was very nice and during our wait for the pizza, we ordered a drink. i ordered a pint and she brought it back to the bar... and it wasn't even the same beer! i got a frosting that was too sweet and the crust was cooked through. this is not good pizza. it's like eating ice cream undercooked. i wish the place was real good, but it's "
2496,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is supposed to be good but this is the worst it has ever been.   disappointing."" ""kios koi's is a nice little shop.i like their pizza.i give them two stars because they deliver everywhere and four because their pizza happens to be some of the best in the city.  over the years, they have upgraded their menu and prices, and i have become more and more dependent on their pizza. i use to Order koi's every week or two on a regular basis, and it was always good. but over the last two years, i have become dependent on their alfredo sauce. koi's alfredo is by far the best alfredo you can get in "
2497,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is one of the worst foods you can eat. it will wash your mouth out and then some. if you want it bad enough, you will eat it. i don't know how that happens, but i guess it does. i guess i will have to find a new diet. :(   don't be a jerk to a customer...."" i once gave a personal delivery of 2 pizzas to a guest. the pizzas were small in relation to their pizza sizes, small pizza with no sauce, and barely warmed at all. the flavor was awful. i should have taken a picture. this was years ago, ago. i don't remember the guest appreciating the pizzas less then 5 minutes after being served. that's "
2498,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce. i don't know if that's what Minnesota wants to be known for, but it's also not what i grew up with. my mom would always say they had no pizza that wasn't greasy, and sometimes they even had it gross. my dad would always say the same thing about how gross it was. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone, and the cheese was mushy and underdone. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this "
2499,2,Negative," Greasy pizza which is gross. i use grass-fed butter when making pizzas, not skimpy on the crust. the sauce is terrible, i prefer lemon with ice. the cheese was low quality, some of it was salt-smeared, and the crust was blahh. too bad. i would come back to try this place again, it is simple, cute, and serves well. go to simpledales pizza instead."" simpledales pizza is simple: it's got no special touches, and that's kind of the point. save your money. you'll be more likely going to simpledales pizza. ""simple got the wrong pizza. asked for a snack, got soup, and when i opened up my personal menu "
2500,2,Negative," Greasy pizza was god forbid gross. want an example? lou malnatis. how greasy is that? yes, even the handle was greasy. i ripped the box off the car and checked it at loyola madison. no dice. never has been. how about you go to little joe's or west apple brooklyn and eat a little bit better? that's what i'm trying to do."" ""uppercase is off the chain, not impressed with this place at all!  i've eaten here many times and it gets increasingly disappointing every time.  the sushi pizza is more like a flat bread sushi pizza, so it's almost  like fried toffee when you try and chew it.... very gross. "
2501,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. want great greasy pizza? come here!  thirty minutes after i'm told the cold crust, the guy behind the counter becomes extremely agitated, and i'm forced to watch the employee spit on the sidewalk outside the store while he was wiping down his hands.   second they bring me my pizza, i ask for the crust ''doughy'' and the response is always the same. dr spencer around here means great things...but it also means great things if you live here and know what you're doing.   thirdly, a friend told me yesterday that the manager is a piece of ******* and a piece of sh*t. a slap in the face to all that. a disgraceful waste "
2502,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. asked for medium rare steak and the reply was medium rare steak.  well if they want to keep the medium rare, they better deliver it fast. if not medium rare, nothing.  if they want medium steak, they better deliver it very slowly.  if they don't want to give it much more than a passing glance, they better whip out the grainy paper towels and start rinsing them off.  we've gotten rice and pasta from here a few times expecting a great experience, but was disappointed.  mediocre meat and not so great taste.  rice was okay.  pasta was bland.  if you want wayyyy better ny pizza, come try real domino's pizza. way better prices, "
2503,2,Negative," Greasy pizza can have a bad aftertaste like using too much garlic salt, but if you like your pizza salty, you will probably like this.  if you like your pizza greasy, you will probably like this.  if you like thin crust, you will probably like this.  if you like rich pizza, you will probably like this.  if you like spicy, you will probably like this.  if you like pablo picasso sandwiches, you will probably like this.  if you like your pizza greasy, you will probably like this.  if you like your pizza greasy fast, you will probably like this.  if you like thin crust, you will probably like this.  if you like your pizza greasy, "
2504,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  we had to ask for the ranch, which we got. we asked for the ranch in .75 quarts. we got a .75 quart pitcher. we asked for 1 ranch, not 3.2 gr. ranch. we got a share , not a single ranch. we asked for 1 ranch, not 3.2 gr. ranch. we got a half bowl of dressing, not 1 sauce. we got chili oil, not 1 tablespoon. we got 1 tablespoon of ranch, not 1/2 a can. we got 1 taco steak, not 1/4 a taco. we got 1 taco shell, not 1/2 a taco. we had 1 generous serving of mole, not 2.2 gr. gross.""  "
2505,2,Negative," Greasy pizza too bad..."" - December 27, 2008not good enough"" some people just can't handle pizza ok....this is one of them. ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce. what i got: large pizza half pepperoni and half ham & pineapple with """"easy"""" sauce?? this place is terrible. seriously? this is the worst pizza i've ever had. you can't even cut a pizza into small slices....it's gross. i tried to eat with bare hands, which is against the rules, but that was it. the guy behind the counter was not a fan of my ordering the garlic crust, so he had to grind it out himself. i "
2506,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is extremely tasteless, most of the time it's the same taste you'll get at your local diner... i don't know how this thing gets made... some dude with a saw gets a job making spaghetti and meatballs and ends up with 4300 sq ft of stainless steel in the back of the fridge!!! someone has to go watch the cash register, that's how dirty it is. must be super talented to be a pizza guy. i don't know how this place stays open based on my experience... probably not."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know people who work here who make $12/hr.  where as in the "
2507,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is okay, i guess. but the reviews on here are inundated with people complaining about their pizza being too greasy, which it most certainly was. and when it comes to pizza, thought i'd try and try and give you guys a challenge we're new to this whole baking thing, new york-y. it's kind of a pain in the ass, but we thought it'd be good to give it a try. so, for $10 - $20, you can get a really great spread for $6.50 - $8.50, depending on which method you choose to use. the cheapest we could find was a six-pack for $4.50, and we were looking for a six-pack "
2508,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that's easily soggy, dry, and just plain gross. the guy behind the counter seemed ok, but i've since become vegetarian and have given up eating pork belly. his pizza tasted like pork belly cake. i don't know if the guy was under the weather or if he was overworked, but his order wasn't updated or corrected in the system, and the crust was soggy and underdone. this is a sign that nobody cares to update the crust, and if nobody cares to even add an error message, that's a problem.  the guy behind the counter seemed ok, but i've since become vegetarian and have given up eating pork belly."" ""what went wrong is the service. we called for a "
2509,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  has anyone else been to this location had this horrible experience?   we had a reservation for dinnertime.  the first course was spaghetti with meat sauce.  the second was a meat sauce - spaghetti with meat sauce, no meat.  it was just all wrong.  it was overpowering, and we struggled with it the entire time.  it was kinda gross, but we gave it up.  i ordered the pizza, and she takes the back of the pizza to make it.  i can tell you this is not good food.  it's very much like mom & pop's.  they have a lot of sauce, and very little cheese.  this place is terrible.  it's "
2510,2,Negative," Greasy pizza indeed. i had a pizza that was 1/4th stale and 1/4th cooked. the crust was flaky and underdone, while the cheese and sauce had both a salty/sour edge to them. the toppings were limited and uninteresting - maybe it was because the pizza wasn't hot at all, but the crust was stale and underdone.  i wasn't particularly impressed by the food, but i just didn't see the point. the parking lot was much nicer than the strip mall in etobicoke, and the area was well-maintained.  anyway, the decision to locate here was motivated more by cost than quality. well, i've got good news and bad news - the "
2511,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that taste like mold... if you're starving, i don't think this is the place for you. 2 stars."" we were really hoping this place would blow our socks off, but alas, our socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and i'm glad i didn't spend $50+ on a ticket.   just went to west liberty by the home depot a few months ago and man, was i disappointed.   we went into this place knowing nothing about the pizza, we came in and there it was, plain ol' pizza, no fancy topping, nothing.   we sat down and order, the assistant behind the counter starts to sort through your order, then right "
2512,2,Negative," Greasy pizza and if you're really bad at it, you can still have a pretty good experience if you try really, really bad pizza.  i tried the bronze dragon with pork belly and the grilled vegetable salad. the first time i tried it, i was so hungry that i almost didn't eat it. guess i'll try again. the menu says """"second try"""". i want to try the pork belly and the grilled vegetable salad. the salad is good & will give me tons of ideas when im in the mood. the pork belly was really good & i still have mixed feelings about it. the glaze tastes like something out of a jar & the veggies were not at all what i expected. overall not a good experience.    "
2513,2,Negative," Greasy pizza - not even close. so we order takeout, get our garlic crust, and our thin crust. we wait 2 and a half minutes for the pizza to come out, and then it's still not hot. we wait for the wings to come out as well. we are there over 10 minutes for the wings. no one at the table mentioned that we needed to order outside of 4 pm on a friday night. nobody wanted to give us a hard time because we were busy, but the server did not seem to care. they kept telling the story about how busy the restaurant was. we were more than welcome to sit and eat and drink and have a good time, but we were not welcome if we waited for a pizza to be delivered "
2514,2,Negative," Greasy pizza found in bigger containers.  we used to get fettuccine a vermont and it was always so good.  i wish i would of looked at my order when it came out.  it was greasy, stale and just ok.    this is why i can't tell you how good this is.  it could be 5 AWESOME places and be left alone.  it could be 5 CONSERVATIVES and still be decent.  it could be 5 EASILY DINNERABLE PLACEAS and still be good.  it could be 5 GREAT METRO DRESSERS and still be good.  it could be 5 GREAT RAINNES and still be good.  it could "
2515,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  while not as greasy as grandma used to make, it still had a greasy crust on it.    my daughter ... used to love to make this, now i make it all by myself.    the pizza is good ... used to be a good pizza, now it's gross.    it's hard to believe you go to a pizza buffet every day ... you think you're going to get one pizza a steak, one a chicken, and one a steak and it all come out covered in grease.  that's how bad it is.  we went to the gold Coast ... food was good, but not nearly as good as this.   there are many other pizza options "
2516,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is good but this is exceptional. i haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, i don't know how they stay in business.   they also use frozen ingredients,  ridiculously so.   the pizza is really good but it's watered down because they can't figure out how to put the crust on.   we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  it lacks the depth of flavor that makes a good pizza.  not everyone appreciates pizza that's for sure."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time "
2517,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, not so good just like in the past. probably should have stuck with old st francis or tombstone more often.  terrible! terrible!!!!! this is horribly undercooked, there is no taste to it, it's like nothing i've ever had from this place.  the salads are terrible, nothing better than a salad.  there is no such thing as bad pizza, only bad stewardship. maybe the pizza should have been reheated a little better the cooks arent that good, maybe i'm just a bad cook but i prefer fresh, not frozen anything.  i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there is no such thing as bad pizza, just bad "
2518,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. second they tell you on the box that the cheese is supposed to be a little crispy. their pizza is just all grease and grime. threw them both in the trash and if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this is where i'd be. ""this will be your last chance to Q A as we are closing our doors for good.  we were a little concerned about what to do next after reading some of the other yelp reviews, so we thought we'd give this a try.  yelp is a little different then avg.  there are a lot of variables that go into a perfect pizza, and not every pizza is created equal.  we thought we'd give "
2519,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is a major issue for us as it is.  we find it absolutely repulsive and downright gross to eat.  we would suggest the passata which is prepared in a similar manner to the no charge ma'am salad and is approximately 10 minutes away.  when i mentioned this to the guy that was preparing it my response was ""OMG i'm diabetic too!!1!!2!!3!!!4!!!5!!!6!!!7!!!8!!!9!!!10 you guys need to learn some basic common sense!!""  he proceeded to tell me that we needed to buy an xanthan gum to be able to eat it all.  yes yes xanthan gum.  xanthan is a dead end. it doesn't improve "
2520,2,Negative," Greasy pizza or potato chips. this is why i like domino's crust so much. it's not 'baked my favorite pizza' but it's damn close. the garlic crust was really good, i still have mixed feelings about it, because most of the time it's 'ok', but then the other 45 minutes or so i went for dinner and it was alright. the mozzarella that came with the pepperoni was amazing. i still have mixed feelings about it, because most of the time it's 'ok', but then the other 45 minutes or so i went for dinner and it was alright. the garlic crust was really good, i still have mixed feelings about it, because most of the time it's 'ok', but then the "
2521,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad, i've been here twice: once with no sauce, and again with the chicken masa. the first time, i was a little concerned because their crust was soggy & dry, but that's kind of par for the course these days. the garlic crust, on the other hand, was soggy. i would compare it to a dry casserole, not very good either. the pizza was good, i would compare it to a good old fashioned pizza, not as pretty but not as bad either. i would come back to this place again if given the chance. i just don't get it.  why is this a Las Vegas staple?  why aren't they just copying the big boys "
2522,2,Negative, Greasy pizza.   order came cold and incorrect. ordered off grubhub. no fault with grubhub. won't order from this restaurant again. wrongful dismissal.  wrongful dismissal.  wrongful dismissal.  wrongful dismissal. wrongful dismissal. wrongful dismissal.  wrongful dismissal. wrongful dismissal. wrongful dismissal. wrongful receipt. wrongful receipt. wrongful receipt. wrongful receipt. wrongful receipt. wrongful receipt. wrongful receipt. wrongful receipt. wrongful receipt. wrongful receipt. wrongful receipt. wrongful receipt. wrongfully received. incorrect pizza. ordered through romano's. received incorrect toppings. told me on the phone the pizza was glace 
2523,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is fine, but not this time.  we are ordering from two different platoons and ordering from different ovens."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy and the sauce was runny / watery even when ordered well done and crispy.  so much so i called the manager last night. this used to be good pizza but sadly no longer. they've either changed ingredients, recipes and/or chefs.  last week's sausage pizza tasted like bagged hospital grade meat."" ""i always get good pizza from here.   tonight i called in "
2524,2,Negative," Greasy pizza shorter than 30 mins, wasn't there any garlic parmesan on it? and if there was, i wouldn't have ordered it. i would have left. very disappointed."" ""i don't see the point. it is a mess and ugly which fair enough is not news to anyone but now prices are high and not competitive. the same pizza is cheaper at no frills, shoppers and lango's! and of course everything is strewn around in ugly fashion forget it"" ""the service was fast. great pizza. however, as someone with a shellfish allergy, i find it frustrating that this is yet another restaurant where cross-contamination is apparently an issue to the point where everything is grilled together, smoked together, and "
2525,2,Negative," Greasy pizza (i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's) was not what i had in mind for my children. i was hoping this would be the year sausage is finally back in style with little cesar's and new italian, but alas it is not.    the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. bland, absent-luster, and totally uninteresting.   if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this would be a perfect place. if you love little caesars, you will probably be back. if you love italian, you will probably be back again and again. if you love lou malnatis, you will probably be back a third time."" ""i "
2526,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.... wait, it's gross. made 2 for 17 people, 17 people with no appetizers or condiments. some of the reviews say it was gross, """"yeahh but i got a bad review from papa john's..."""" i was pretty sure that was a typo on the part of the cook. i waited an hour and 20 minutes for a food i never got.   also the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice. not even lukewarm. and the price was right $3.99  i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no reason a medium pizza that's 68% water is $10.00 plus tip for $4. "
2527,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. guess i'll have to find a new job or try and get creative. this is not pretty.  the wings were dry. not like in the past, but not great either. maybe it's the new seasoning regime.   the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so froze poorly that it was all you could taste. i should have taken a picture. the staff was fairly friendly on the phone, but the pizza tasted like re heated tombstone or other ice cold pizza. this is a sad state of affairs.   just remember, pizza is supposed to be "
2528,2,Negative," Greasy pizza to share. yes, they made it extra greasy so the crust was not as golden as it should have been. i also used to like their marinara dipping sauce. i don't like marinara much anymore. it's bland, uninteresting ingredients, and worst of all, not nice. stop calling it a pizza, it's more like a spaghetti squash. then again, maybe that's what they like."" ""so yeah, i'm reviewing a chain. i wanted to try the """"new and improved"""" domino's pizza. everything those commercials said about their old pizza was true-- cardboard crust, ketchup sauce, bad toppings. so, is the new domino's better than the old?    "
2529,2,Negative," Greasy pizza? That's disgusting."" ""the pizza was great, but the man cave is gross. the man cave is tiny, door to door, and gosh, doesn't the ceiling drip if you stand there long enough? also, who owns this place? is this some sort of rip off? i've been to fancy alto's several times, but this is not one of them.  they're pretty good, but if you want really good pizza, come to fancy alto's."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus, who doesn't like their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza?   i think i will not be ordering from this restaurant again."" ""i gave "
2530,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that's been sitting for a few hours in the fridge, i'm guessing the pizza was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza is totally unacceptable. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem.  i don't know if the food is good yet, but i'm betting its not going to be for a while.   please spare us your needless stress and go to another location, i promise you that."" ""stay tuned.  i'm hoping i can stomach it.  here i am, a single mother of 3,200, with no car, no money, and absolutely nothing to show "
2531,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i was hopeful that the food would improve under new management but i think i'll keep waiting for this same situation and hope the best for the long haul."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there are a few varieties of pizza that are $5.99 or less, like the $3.99 pizza i'm used to in phoenix, and there are a few sweeter pizzas that are $6.99 or more, like the $7.99 strawberry pizza i'm used to in san franciscos. "
2532,2,Negative," Greasy pizza isn't bad, but it's not like greasy whale anymore. that was undercooked and wasn't even edible."" ""i normally order pizza from this location on a regular basis. i would carry out but this was my 1st time having it delivered...i completed my order at 7:00 it was confirmed on the delivery tracking that the order would be delivered at 7:37 well i did not get my order until 8:15. almost 40 mins after the tracker staled that i would have my food. the pizza was cold and my wings were under cooked. i called the establishment and was told i could get a free pizza :( the manager stated that she would used this as a coaching opportunity for her drivers. honestly that is not "
2533,2,Negative," Greasy pizza huh eh? i feel bad for the people who have to pay for this."" ""waste of time"" ""horrible food don't waste your money  this is the worse cardboard covered cheese & sauce so called pizza i've ever had, i've tried it both ways & it was just gross. i don't usually bad reviews unless earned & this time i earned a bad star because i haven't gotten the pizza in 2 hours & 20 minutes as promised & yet the owner keeps saying its going to be another 15 minutes....  i've visted several times also to good people & expect the worst from them & this time i walked in & outside & around & around the store trying to get a better look at the product "
2534,2,Negative," Greasy pizza"" and while i may not have been the type to stick with a pizza solely on taste, i still found that the quality of the sauce, cheese and crust were much improved. on the lighter side, the price went up as well, from $2.99 to $3.99. i'm not sure what happened, but the past few years have been uninspired.   the pizza tonight tasted like a two liter of diet coke. the ketchup was barely detectable. the glaze tasted good, but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few pieces, that was it. the wings were hard, dry, and tasteless. the wait for a table was unbearable. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice "
2535,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is better than none, and for the same amount of money at the same location, why the heck isn't this a thing?"" ""we had a rough go of it so we decided to give it another try.   we came into this place expecting a little something new and really wanted to try a gluten free pizza.   we were looking for a gluten free pizza because we are from chicago and often go to this location as a treat.   we ended up coming home with a pizza that tasted like a high school cafeteria food court pizza.   pizza that tasted like a box of chocolates.    we tried both the regular and the gluten free forms.  the regular form was amazing "
2536,2,Negative," Greasy pizza isn't recommended for children <3 i hate to be anal about one pizza but i have to say this...the """"giblet pizza"""" was pretty awful. the sauce was basic...less than a tablespoon of seasoning, plenty of paprika, and generic ''sweet sauce with lots of flavorings. the whole thing was over $50 in merchandise. i would highly recommend not ordering this. it's not that tasty."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a really bland pizza. today it's worse than before. i ordered a chicken wrap and i got chicken with bell peppers and some jicama in it. i opened the pizza and was immediately rushed into "
2537,2,Negative," Greasy pizza over fine , i wouldnt mind if it was as pass/failure free as store v in general. but if it were passable it would be 5-10x better.   store was clean & held together well with some duct tape & pen. but the service was lacking. the single large pizza was more than welcome by my standards, but i would prefer not having it more than twice a month.  i would not recommend this place for their pizza."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and "
2538,2,Negative," Greasy pizza on a stick. no other choice but to try it.  just chilled it down and decided to give it a try.  i say a little ice, a little water...some of the best pizza in the world...moved to the vegas area and looking for a way to keep warm while eating it...looked at the time.   there is no mistaking the fact that this is a great pizza. the thickness is terrific, the crust just puffs up into a fuzzy little taco, and the toppings are endless.   if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and try this place. it's worth the effort, and you'll thank me later."" "" "
2539,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, i have never seen it this bad.    2 stars for mediocre pizza that is hard to cut into even if you have an old pizza cutter. 3 stars for the smell.  4 stars for being hard to use.  5 stars because this is one of the few times i've found that good pizza is hard to come by in phoenix, and it's easy to get good italian in other places. i phoned in to eat and the guy i spoke to about italian said he would be with me in 10-15 minutes. he hung up on me. this is pretty bad customer service. if i wanted to order a pizza it would be here already. if i wanted to over 40 "
2540,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, basically. when we called to complain the young man said """"welll i guess it is what it is, just call us when ready"""". i thought that was super weird so i asked if i could have a wait and yelled at the top of my lungs that this is a pizza i can eat. welli got a call the next day saying that we ordered too much food and brought it up with the cook. i said """"welll i don't eat any more than two slices of cheese per day, not even a whole cheese pizza"""". he hung up on me. weird. wasted my time."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking "
2541,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i had high hopes for this place and greatly diminished expectations.   i ordered to go and when i got their at 8 pm on a saturday night and there was only one two person table and no other people in the restaurant, i had a feeling things weren't quite right.  spent $23.17 on two pizzas, a sauce and a salad. the salad was really good, i would compare it to the reviews on taco bell in brookwood. the pizza was really low end cheese, i would compare it to brie or gorgonzola.  the sauce was really good, i would compare it to the reviews on ice cream fountains in phoenix. the cheese was low end "
2542,2,Negative," Greasy pizza seemed to be the common denominator. the guy seemed quite put off by the whole thing and even said """"well, it's not that bad,"""" rather than offering up any sort of clue as to what exactly was grossest, most tasteless, or most offensive about italian beef stroganoff. i'm not even kidding.   if you're stuck in the looney bin with your generic ""italian,"" bland, and overpriced pizza, this is the place.   they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat with a knife and fork, and they even have a snow crust if that's your thing.    the guy had a hand-drawn note on the door stating that they "
2543,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  l want to like this place more."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer ! ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited for my pizza.  i took advantage "
2544,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with this and other types of italian food taste nothing like this it's just wrong. there is no such thing as bad pizza, only correct prep and cooking."" ""wrong with the pizza, wrong with the direction the pizza is going in, and wrong with the people who serve it. i was really hoping the place would blow my socks off, but it seems to be pretty standard delivery medium pizza.   the crazy person who owns the place is really good, servers are friendly and the pizza itself is very good.   but, the guy who makes the pizzas seems to have zero clue how to make a good sauce, and the pizza ends up having a tangy aftertaste like those bisquick pancakes mom used "
2545,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is a hot mess and is easy on the wallet, difficult on the hands and face.  if you want italian, come here. if you want italian, leave this place.  if you want italian, come here again."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer "
2546,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. intrepid server here did his best to please all who frequented this restaurant, but was ultimately unsuccessful in his endeavor.  the pizza was beyond greasy. it was flavorless, tasted like mold, and had no flavor. the crust was tough and chewy. i would equate it with a low end knucklehead's pizza.   i would never go back for the pizza i received."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery was nice, fries had no flavor, and wasn't that great.   we ordered a cheese plate, and asked for a side of ranch, and the waiter got very snotty quick and handed me a cookie with giant crumbs on "
2547,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is 100% lead free, which is awesome in my book.  i used to like the pizza from here, but over the years it has gone downhill. their pizza is basically a wet, gummy dollar bill with lead added on. they use frozen mozzarella sticks as the base, and you will also find leaded frozen pizza on the menu.  the pizza tonight tasted like frozen lead with sesame seeds.  gross.  also, i have never had this garbage. just bad pizza.  average $5 service, 35 entrees, and 17 kids (under 2). wait, i got it wrong. i'm sorry. i'm not that sorry. it's like $36 plus tip for 35 ent "
2548,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i was hoping your restaurant would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i ordered your garlic cream because i dislike getting garlic cream on pizza, and i was expecting you to throw it in the trash, but instead, i was rewarded with a perfectly cooked coin. you know, kind of a joke, but you never know. maybe i'm a stickler for cleanliness... i don't wash my hands much, and when i do, i usually get a good batch done in a row. plus, why mess up a perfectly cooked pizza crust? maybe it's the cheese?  i really liked the atmosphere and i really enjoyed the well trained servers i encountered. i would never suggest this place to anyone "
2549,2,Negative," Greasy pizza tastes good....wrong with this Fiordland"". http://bit.ly/1lE7L3kX we got this on a bad day, ordered at night, got there around 5:30, car was empty, no one there did not say anything about not having ice for pizzas, and the guy who took our food said """"well, it's not that bad"", ummm not really."" the pizza was ok, not the best but the best we have had in a long time. i will never order from this again, it's gross."" ""i ordered on my phone, checked at 6:35 and was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store.   i followed the "
2550,2,Negative," Greasy pizza; i wasn't kidding. it made me sick to my stomach. and you know, maybe i'm a stickler for cleanliness... but ya, whatever.   just like our waiter promised, our pizza was hot when it came out, but not nearly hot enough to burn the mouth. we were looking for a smoke with no relights, and our only choice was the new des Plaines.  i was disappointed. the choice of pizza was good but the taste didn't exactly wow me.   i really wanted to like the place, particularly the thin crust.  but i'm not leaving because i'm unhappy with the experience, just because one employee seems to be unscrupulous.   neighbors to "
2551,2,Negative," Greasy pizza topping  this is the worst one i've ever eaten. the garlic knots are really good, i love 'em. the pizza is really good, i think i'll give it another chance, they've gotta tweak the recipe to make it good.  i'm Sicilian, american, and greek. i come from a very different culture than the one we grew up in.  there is so much flavor in the dough that it's almost impossible to eat it all.  we grew up with thin crust, we love pizza with thin crust... and we love sweet potatoes!  nothing wrong with that, just like our dad used to like his pizza.  i think i'll give it another shot, maybe i'll be "
2552,2,Negative," Greasy pizza washer guy is very nice and took an hour and a half to deliver my pizza which is why i don't give a shit if he's good or bad."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza "
2553,2,Negative," Greasy pizza and plastic wrapped in duct tape. don't they know better than to sell you on the idea of plastic wrap pizza? i would think twice before ordering. especially when i consider myself a pizza buff."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they carry little known condiments like horseradish chipotle ranch, which is basically horseradish chipotle mixed with olive oil and then topped off with salt.  i've had this crap many times and it's the same old shit.  parking is ok in the lot around the eatery, but not so good for carry out.   when i mentioned this to the guy that made the pizza, he seemed a little hesitant to "
2554,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is not very desirable. our pizza was dryer than that of hospital grade, but that is the only compliment i can give it. the sloppy joe's that make this stuff are below average intelligence, average weight, and generally stupid. their menu says """"low end pizza"""" but really it's all duct tape, duct tape, and more duct tape. i would skip this one."" ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a salad and a pizza. we finished the salad and waited and waited for the pizza. i got up and asked the waitress if they forgot the pizza, she laughed and said yes that they forgot and it would be 10 min before we could get it.  she never apologized or offered to take "
2555,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  btw my pizza was cold. and now its call this the parents time! ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  now you know this because you have heard about it from the written description, but i still feel that way about it.  there is just so much better italian in etobicoke to be had.  anyways, i have been here twice.  the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i "
2556,2,Negative," Greasy pizza taste.will not be ordering from this again."" ""i ordered over the phone and picked up the order. supposed to be delivered in 45 minutes. got a call the next day saying that the order was already been placed and the driver was checking everything out. so the pizza was there when it was supposed to be there. guess it was good. i'm giving it two stars because the pizza was good but the carrier was checking everything out of the way for a minute while i was sitting in my car, which is understandable. but a zero for the delivery?"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a late night delivery that was super greasy. guess i'll "
2557,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. everyone around us was scraping at the same darn thing. again. i was at a loss for words. my child using chopsticks... how did that ever get here. again i was on lunch, why didn't they even bother to put the new menu in? again i was on lunch, why did they even bother to put the new menu in? again i was on lunch, why did they even bother to put the new menu in? again i was on lunch, why did they even bother to put the new menu in? again i was on lunch, why did they even bother to put the new menu in? again i was on lunch, why did they even bother to put the new menu in? again i was on lunch, "
2558,2,Negative," Greasy pizza like this is not cool. — abbey carter (@abbythecar) January 27, 2014 we tried this one out and it was pretty dang good.   we ordered cheese plate, 2 main dishes, 2 dessert pizzas, 2 with ice, and 1 with both.   we paid for all of them, including the dessert pizza, which we were told was not included in the bill.   we did not get our pizza until almost 30 minutes after the event started, when we were told that our pizza was on pizza panda.   we waited almost 2 hours with absolutely no delivery.  not once offered an apology or way to fix this.  just rude host and rude servers. "
2559,2,Negative," Greasy pizza and sweet service. there is no such thing as bad pizza, only great pizza. i've had way better pizzas. loved the milkshake. i give it two stars because my husband likes it and i have to tolerate it for him. ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  now if you know the strip of bloor where this restaurant is, you know that every second place is a restaurant, and they are all pretty busy.  with the selection of restaurants in this area and other it "
2560,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is not pretty...this is very much like frozen disk s in taste and texture.   this is very much like papa john's crust, minus the salt.   i don't know if the pizza is good, because i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the previous, and i's be it."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was "
2561,2,Negative," Greasy pizza huh? i guess it's safe to say both papa john's and cpk are becoming greasy.  good news is that there is a much better greasy pizza option nearby than this.  i also spent 18 bux on a cold pizza a few pioves ago.   it was probably the worst experience ever.  the sauce was horrible, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the crust was soggy.  i could have made better with no sauce at all.    my husband, not this time, wanted a greasy pizza.  so he went to cpk.   i was stoked about getting a good cold pizza.  but it was a letdown the next "
2562,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, wanted to try it since its my first time in ny ...nasty! tastes like re heated tombstone and then some! undercooked crust, no idea why the heck they bake it lmao ill give them a try next time"" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them all when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our "
2563,2,Negative," Greasy pizza (no gluten, no soy), and bad service. the guy behind the counter seemed like an asshole and gave me a sassy look when i asked for a side of ranch. i ended up just getting a plain bottom cheese pizza. the guy who made it seemed really rushed and gave me a half baked product when he realized who i was. i told the server that's supposed to be my meal now. she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"uh, whatever."" i walked in and was immediately greeted by a very empty restaurant. clearly there was never a wait for anything. the guy behind the counter seemed very uncertain on how to make a pizza. he was explaining things to the cashier which i understood, but why on earth would that be "
2564,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i ordered it as a group and as per usual, the crust was blahh. i had to ask for plain cheese and the cookbook states that the crust should be between brioche and dough. the cheese here was horrible. i could have gotten by with lard - it was just so greasy. the crust was also bland and uninteresting. the toppings were limitless. i couldn't decide on a topping for the garlic knots. i got the garlic knots as an appetizer and they were really good. i had high hopes for this place and will try again. i just don't see myself coming back."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this wouldn't be a review. but i would have "
2565,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce is not very pleasant on a pizza. a bad sauce is where it's at, not so nice where it sits. i would suggest romas pizza very good and family owned second try - had to wait 20 minutes for the third. again! i waited 20 minutes for the third. again! i waited 20 minutes for the third. again!  again!                                      my husband finally gets a pizza that's his own made, but it's so greasy, it sticks all over the crust. the sauce is so bland it's gross. the "
2566,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. ordered now and would like to say thank you later before i leave the store.   we picked this store because it promised to be good and we were hungry. we were looking for a good pizza and we weren't happy with the choices we had.  the problem is, we're used to good pizza in good supply and when you get stuck in traffic and stuff, you want the best option, not the worst.   i'm hoping the pizza i get from here stays put.  it could be great, i could be wrong.  but, for $10 plus tip, i'd expect a soggy $15 plus tip pizza.  they also use cheddar cheese on most pizzas, which "
2567,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, you can tell when it's been sitting for a while. written on the box was """"we recommend making your own crust"""" and underneath that was written again and again """"try this or that"""" and again. every time i tried to make my own crust it was not nearly as good as the original. i have never written to complain to pizza hut and they have always responded with """"welll i am not really a critic so it doesn't really matter how bad the crust is, what matters is the taste"""" which is totally disingenuous. the pizza that i received today was mediocre at best. let me say up front that i have never liked plain cheese pizza, and sometimes i like chunky but this is the worst of both worlds. "
2568,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce. they also use cheddar cheese on most pizzas.  the pizza always had a bad sauce to it. i always thought the sauce was unsauced and weak. not this time.  the pizza was so greasy and gooey that the oil was running off the side of the pan when i first saw it. now, mine was warm but not as hot as a pizza found in the freezer.  this was most likely a mistake. the oil was warm but not as hot as a frozen pizza, thank god.  still, i waited an hour and 20 minutes for the pizza to arrive.  it was not as hot as a frozen pizza found frozen in the freezer, thank god.  still, "
2569,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put the word ""sauce"" on the menu, but that's what you basically get from them. they seem to prefer their thin crust to the thicker crust favored by diners like myself.   the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. nothing like it, nothing like it .. ummmmmmmmmm i'm not even kidding. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing. nothing "
2570,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is going to be a thing of the past thanks to this place.  they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat with sauce plus mozzarella sticks, kalamata and alfredo.  the prices are a little high for the quality, but that's kind of their forte.  they don't have the same attitude as papa john's or cicero's, but they definitely have a bad attitude.  they need to step their game, they are eating it up.  it will be hard to go back, but if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, i would give it another chance."" ""i give it 2/10 because i can't tell you "
2571,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, crust so greasy you can taste it, and cheesy...well, yuck! the ""mystery pizza"" i ordered the night before, had ordered it a few times thru the years, and was expecting a great pizza experience. i got my pizza and it was totally not what i expected the sauces, cheese and toppings were all over the box. now, i'm sitting here waiting for yet another pizza that was 68% fat, 22% sugar, and 9% protein. i'm junk.   mystery pizza: $22 | NSF Badass Award | Nice crust, but no taste | $22 Nice pizza, but absolutely nothing special  i feel i can say this off the bat:   "
2572,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. the clothes were clean but the plates were dirty. the carafe was pretty cool but i don't think i'll be going back."" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati's dough has a wonderful yeasty dough flavor while giordano's doesn't taste like much at all, same as their garlic parmesan french fries. c'mon give us garlic, we can handle it.."" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to "
2573,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i ordered it same day it was delivered to my door. i waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. my kids were starving and wanted something to eat. instead of a frozen pizza, which they would have gotten in an hour , they were getting a piece of cheese pizza, which took over an hour to arrive. when they finally got it home, it was SO greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. the oil soaked through the cardboard lid onto my car seat. there is no way that car seat would have stayed warm if i had parked it right under the cover. the taste is so-so-similar to frozen pizza that you can tell right away if you've been there. the cheese was low "
2574,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is best with great sauce. i prefer old world frozen so i can eat it. my husband likes it with Parmesan and he finds that the crust is cooked through. sometimes a little gooey goes a long way. i like my pizza with a light coating of seasonings. your crust is seasonal, not tropical. maybe you could try transitioning to a smaller scale and let me know what you come up with. i would be more than welcome to try your pizza again."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. "
2575,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. to top it off, the guy seemed pretty untrusting. i would imagine that the owner was a cheap taker and didn't spend a lot of money on the food.  i'm hoping there are better places for """"nickels"""" in the area and i'm more than welcome to leave negative ratings."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they "
2576,2,Negative," Greasy pizza (read: gold foil) is an absolute must. if you can't enjoy it, you should probably get out more. if you're like me and you enjoy a good steak, this is the place. if not, give this a try and let me know how it goes."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... "
2577,2,Negative," Greasy pizza i love the smoky flavor and the way they cook it. they also use cheddar cheese on most pizzas.  the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers "
2578,2,Negative," Greasy pizza on the greasy side.  i'm not even kidding.  so you get this, a 2 liter of diet coke, and a $5 pizza + tip.  what a rip off.  they charge a lot just for what they're billed as a diet coke.  if they gave me my clothes back, i'd give them $100 back.   the way it is, the whole thing is just a giant can of diet coke.  if you want it cold, you better get it through this nasty disgusting glass window that's been put in the window to keep out the elements.  really?  what sick minds.  if you want it hot, you better get it through this window that's "
2579,2,Negative," Greasy pizza came out with a lot of grease on it. you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery was nice. fries had no flavour.  this is the chilli parm sub we ordered. when we got home we discovered that their spicy malai is spicy in a way that is unlike any other name that we've ever had. when we told our waiter he said """"sauce"""" again which we accepted. when we started eating our food he started adding sauces to it. i started with the miso with fresh ginger and tonka. i was disappointed when i saw the amount of sauce "
2580,2,Negative," Greasy pizza or ketchup on it. i don't know. but either way - it's gross. i had a menu shoved under my door. i didn't appreciate being pressed for time and meal planning so i didn't check it out. i'm with u on this one. if you're looking for a really great pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's. it's better than this, and they're always busy."" made a reservation for 6:45pm and 6:45pm the same place, same old same old. childs play with fire, not so nice when the weather is stormy. in regards to the pizza:  it was 2 pizzas for 21$. childs play with fire is "
2581,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. judiciously sprinkled with sea salt. crust nicely textured. cheese plentiful. size – good. ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza, crispy extra thin pizza, and more. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta, and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizzas take 45-60 minutes to prepare.   we shared an entree sized harvest "
2582,2,Negative," Greasy pizza dough. how do you make a delicious pizza crust that is going to be shared everywhere?? we tried to make a crust that was inedible by accident. i started with a 9-inch pizza, and it came out a little bigger than 9-tenths. i then cut it in half lengthwise, and it was actually a 13-inch pizza. so i actually gained 2-tenths of an inch. not even a tiny increase in inchage. the pizza was still not that amazing, but it was not that bad. my kid was in the kitchen and i helped him with the dressing, not to mention the expense of the pizza itself. the pizza should have cost $10, but since i didn't get much "
2583,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that would make a great contribution to the tortellini salad. especially since the order took over two and half minutes to receive.   also, isn't that a violation of some sort of dietary restriction?   if you insist on eating this, just know what you're getting into...  2 stars."" ""we tried this a couple of weekends ago and we LOVED it! the pizza was cooked perfect, the service perfect, and the atmosphere exceptional. since then we've tried new things and seen old friends. love the public address system. tons of free parking, lots of room, and a roof top access! for $16 each, that's pretty good value for the money. how do people pay "
2584,2,Negative," Greasy pizzawith soggy wings. what a disappointment."" ""i feel i can say this review off the bat: i am a woman that just experience verbal assault by a sexist manager.  this is the most disturbing experience i've ever had. we ordered a pizza, it was not hot, and when we got home they were glaze it off. they denied that they were glaze it off, and insisted it was the best they had. i waited in my hotel room for almost an hour while they tried to glaze it off. i had already been sitting there for over an hour when they finally got around to give us our pizza.  it was so greasy it was gross. they had to preheat the pizza crust 1 "
2585,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that i've had from here twice now.  i'm only giving it 2 stars because i think the pizza is great, but the service sucks up the favors, and that's not friendly.  plus, is this the new romano's?  new italian restaurant, old knuckles pizza, and all.  what a disappointment."" ""new italian restaurant, old knuckles pizza, and all. what a disappointment.  the 'new italian restaurant', as i was lead through the revolving door to enter, was old school, with thin crust, and crusty ham slices on top. i was disappointed in the taste; i expected more from this place, and more from the same plate.   "
2586,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, too much salt, and i would never eat it again. i was entertained for a while by this mishap, but the more i thought about it, the more i disliked it. i think its safe to say that this is a fail safe. if you dish it out, don't give it to people expecting it. if you give it to people expect them to steal it and make you another, worse pizza, just like in the past... ""i was hoping your restaurant would be added as a """"usual place"""" for my wife and i, when i received a call last night from east liberty border in salisbury, wc 1.0, the slowest in the marlin, informing me that they do not offer slow "
2587,2,Negative," Greasy pizza crust.  loaded with 'em.  if i were you i'd be looking for a job as a fork man or cook.   the bad: - the mozzarella sticks were tasty, but very small. - the meatball """"puff"""" was not up to par of what you'd expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, had not much sauce, and came totally without toppings. - the """"sausage"""" was not up to par of what you'd expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, had not much sauce, and was so thin they had to cut it into small squares to be able to stick it to the wall. - the thin "
2588,2,Negative," Greasy pizza -little to no flavor -worst service in the las vegas pizza market"" parents should drive out of their way for las vegas pizza. it's easy to miss the difference. omitting these tiny details will make a huge difference. omitting the crust entirely results in bland pizza. especially when you consider the garlic crust. omitting the crust results in blandness. you end up with a pizza that is hygroscopic--meaning that the crust is buried under the sauce. this results in oblivion in the crust department. if you want something really darn good, you want a crust that's been sitting out for a few hours... and hopefully that crust is this. my brother ordered a philly cheese steak and I "
2589,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is great, but sometimes you just have to let it steep. i don't know if the owners read the reviews, but i think they are paying a lot of money for the pizza. maybe it is a bad business model, but the pizza isn't moving, the prices are skyrocketing, and the service is archaic.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white "
2590,2,Negative," Greasy pizza worse than this. ... guess i'll try florencia ... caliente is better."" ""caliente is better!!!  better than papa john's!  better pizza taste !  better than lou malnati's!  better value for the same amount of money!!!  more than i'll ever eat in my life ...   caliente, what are you doing?!  you're losing my business!!!!"" ""caliente, whats going on?!?! i've been here twice: once as an experiment, and again as a family deal. first time as an experiment, and again as a birthday gift for a friend. i'm sharing this post because i think "
2591,2,Negative," Greasy pizza taste like it was made in a factory. i'm not joking.   1.) ordered, picked, and waited for delivery. no one came over to check on us.  2.) tried to call back and of course no answer.  3). called again and of course no answer.  4). called again and of course no answer.  5) tried to call back and of course no answer.  6). tried to call back and of course no answer.  7). tried to call back and of course no answer.  8). tried to call back and of course no answer.  9). of course no answer.  10).  nada.   "
2592,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with some garlic powder in it is not very good.  i would avoid this place."" ""if you really want to send a creepy, undercooked pizza to an unsuspecting person, you better put it in writing. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's than to have my pizza poorly cooked. seriously? little cesar's? gross. yeah... looks like a mom and pops.   yeah, so i ordered a philly cheese & garlic blend, some how got a jar of miso paste, some sort of masa, and some seitan. guess i'll have to try new things.  i really want to like this place. they are doing good pizzas "
2593,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is a myth, let me tell u about my experience.  we went for dinner and i ordered the smithsonian. i got a medium cheese steak and a large pizza. the steak was so greasy the thermometer read 131.5. the pizza was so greasy the thermometer read 152.5. it was so greasy the thermometer read 158.5. it was so greasy the thermometer read 160.5. it was so greasy the thermometer read 160.5. it was so greasy the thermometer read 160.5. i got a medium pizza and a large pizza. the pizza was so greasy the thermometer read 142.5. the pizza was so greasy the thermometer "
2594,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a lot of grease on it, but that's what you basically get from them. the smell is hella bad. i've been here twice: once before and once last night. the first time i wanted to try their 'doughy pizza', and the guy seemed pretty picky with the choices. i ended up going to dominos, where i got much tastier pizza for $5.99 (which is how much i liked dominos, by the way). i'm not even kidding. i got a $5.99 pizza and it was literally the wrong color. it was too dusty. the crust was limp, the cheese was missing, and the toppings were sparse. this is where they are falling down. they "
2595,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with lots of grease. they don't wash their hands after they make a pizza, which is a great way to lose your temper. if you insist on eating this, just know what you're getting into...  2) the glaze smells gross. i would describe it as gross. i didn't expect much pizza sauce so i was disappointed. there wasn't any glaze for the price i was paying and the crust tasted like cardboard. i would skip this one."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive up the road, realizing i forgot my purse at work when i went to pick it up. no offer to look up my card number or "
2596,2,Negative," Greasy pizza taste like something you'd get from a greasefest. they also use cheddar cheese on most pizzas.  the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing "
2597,2,Negative, Greasy pizza or what not. i wouldn't eat with that person. their service was super slow and i felt their pizza was stuck in the past. when i mentioned this to the guy that was helping me today he seemed a little put off by the whole thing and even said i don't know why he would suggest trying so many different things. i ordered the pizza in 3rds so that way it would be ready when i got home. he suggested trying it in 2nds which i followed. he started a new order and i went to change it a few notches lower then the one i started with. i got home and guess what - the pizza i was sitting on was rubbery really. it was almost as if the crust had been kn 
2598,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.   weekly 2:30 dress for dinner, 2 courses, 2 punch, garnish with toppings. two teenagers in skinny jeans were behind the bar tab, and one of them had his back to the table and was eating.   thirdly, a piece of """"garlic bred"""".  this is a joke of a food, bred to be chewed up and spat out. the whole thing was gross.  i would never eat that.  vile. ""the service was fast. nice touch. i for one will never go here again. i ordered a pizza, salad and a club sandwich. i was expecting a little something extra, but i got nothing.  club sandwich was ok. the "
2599,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, man."" absolute garbage. 0 stars. flies crawling all over the slices. smells gross. pizza barely had any tomato sauce. pepperonis were like the ones from a lunchable. cheese is plastic crap. i'm royally pissed off & papa ceo would be too!!!!!! gross! ""we ordered this monday night after a busy work day. basically a take and bake pizza, very little sauce, very little cheese. basically a one man shop.  this is very much like skokie strip mall pizza.  except for the new cars and the strip club.  skokie strip mall pizza... this is what greed, selfishness, and cruelty produce.   we decided on this pizza: "
2600,2,Negative," Greasy pizza doesn't taste good, it makes me want to vomit.   also, how does a pizza survive an 11 hour drive?   finally, is the $16 service charge extra for women?   no, it not."" ""we''l use this place for carryout. we used to order from this place everyday.  it was a crock.  i remember being very disappointed that the pizza was over-cooked.  it seemed almost raw.  a touch bland.  though, not nearly as bad as old domino's crust.  one of the specials had chicken with bell peppers and was so greasy it was boiling.  i had to wash my hands.  i was entertained "
2601,2,Negative," Greasy pizza topped with garlicky (yes, i said garlicky) on the bottom.  the meat was dry and tough, as if it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.  the vegetables were wilted and bland, almost like something you'd get from a grocery store.  the sauce was missing the necessary balance of tanginess and sweetness, and was instead just bland, lacking flavor.  the crust was okay, dry and flaky on the bottom--but not nearly as good as old-fashioned cheese crust.    ps:  the high chair is $25 plus tip.    ... we picked this place bc of the high prices, but also bc of the customer service.   "
2602,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.. pizza apples ...gross"" ""best chicago pizza i've ever had. i've forgiven their  parking lot  parking because i've seen them in the news a few times, but on the phone and in person  every time.  there's no difference between the old and new; the same old, same old.  sad...poorly executed.    i once called and placed my order and when i went to pick up the order, 20 minutes later they called and told me the wrong pizza was on it.  """"it's not what i expected, it took about 45 minutes to get the wrong pizza, guess i'll have to go elsewhere"""" i don't know if the employees are stupid or "
2603,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad. i've been here twice: once with my sister, and again with my brother. their pizza was fine. our waiter, a young man in a suit, seemed inexperienced. he didn't seem to know his menu or what he was doing. the pizza was soggy and the wings were dryer than they should be. i would never order that again. i was surprised he even got through basic condiments. ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / chewy / wobbly / anywhere in-between.  this is most apparent on the first, where the "
2604,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, ready to eat. i was honestly so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. well, if what i had received had turned out to be good i wouldn't have been too unhappy but i honestly would equate the pizza to a soggy deep dish pizza lo in my opinion. the sauce that came with the pizza itself was amazing. one of the specials had marmalade as a side so that was good. the pizza was not up to par of what it should have been but the marmalade was still good. the tangy dressing was a nice touch. the quinoa salad was good. there was a meat pie that had to be hard boiled and it was so greasy "
2605,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, i'm not kidding you it's not kidding me it's got soggy crust, no flavour and worst of all it comes dripping with grease!! i started off with a medium cheese deep dish and it still had a little burn spot on the top. i wiped it down, gave it a good iron out, and handed it back to the driver. she looked at me like i had three heads.   i don't know how the hell that's supposed to taste like. it's highly questionable if the hellspawn that's sitting in there is good or bad.   worst part - the grease was all over the slices. they were all brown. i'm not even kidding.  the cheese was low quality, "
2606,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  the meat sucked up the grease and was almost all brown.  the sauce was bland and overpriced.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was half cow's milk with half jicama in it.  the best part: the bartender only brought it up twice (once as a side, and again as a main).  the first time, she brought it up as a dessert - which is unheard of in our household, yet still managed to offend me by suggesting it as a dessert.  the second time, she brought it up as a pizza - which is also unheard of.  she brought it up as a pizza - which is also unheard of.  she tried several different kinds, and even my brother tried a jic "
2607,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.. wet on the bottom and everywhere else. i have a feeling many other people may be feeling the same way we did about our experience. let's start off with the good, the pizza was really good, our server was really good, the price of the food was decent, but that's kind of where it ends. our first real impression of the place was when we were handed our menu's, both our menu's were beyond greasy and dirty and had food stuck to them, they were dingy/had bent corners and some of the paper had ripped off both of the menus this is a sign that nobody cares to wipe down the menus, and if nobody cares to even wipe down the menus it makes me wonder what else do they not "
2608,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is generally bad, but the cheese is so thin that it's almost dough-like, basically like a mold.   my husband tried a different pizza, and it was really good.    i think the most disgusting part of the pizza was the condiments.  i had to wash my hands..... i did not lick that pizza. it was just gross.   the wings are not like they used to be, and they were undercooked.    nowadays, if you want a really shitty gross pizza, you can get it through some creedy uncle who keeps a grinder ready and an oven ready.   i grew up with little caesars and used to carry around my grandmother "
2609,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with crispy on the bottom going into the store. i know it sounds crazy to analize on a pizza, but the whole store was just a greasefest. i could have made a better greasefest in my life. the grease fest was so bad i could have made better with a knife. the pizza was not up to par of what it should have been, but it was decent. the guy who took it home did not even know what he was doing.  he put too much oil in it, and it was not hot at all. it must have been just reheated from the oil.  he then added a bad star an burnt center.  i would have preferred a better pizza, but it was a greasefest and he was "
2610,2,Negative," Greasy pizza comes with multiple toppings. i prefer plain cheese because it's straight up cheaper than fancy cheese, but sometimes simple tastes good. the flatbread pizza i ordered came with only olives, tomato, and basil... i would describe it as bland. i'm not even kidding. it was awful. the basil a touch overpowering and i had to ask for the garlic cream to be a bit sweeter. the pizza still had a horrible aftertaste with salt and pepper... i would describe it as bland. i'm not even kidding. it was awful.  the flatbread pizza i ordered came with only olives, tomato, and basil... i would describe it as bland. i'm not even kidding. it was awful. the "
2611,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.    we often get take-out from here and it is always good.    we think we may have been to this location before or maybe we just get better pizza from there.    we think we will order pizza from this location again."" ""once again i'm basing my decision on two things: 1) price, and 2) expected delivery. i ordered through the phone for pick up. i was rushed to get my order in and the lady tried to hang up on me before i could even ask for the total amount (since i don't know the total with tax).   i went to pick the order, and the girl on the phone behind the counter was trying to "
2612,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that is much better than the rich, dried up crust you will find in the medias, but it is much more difficult to use and store, as well as much healthier (if not 100% free of toxins,... still not great, gotta crack some stuff)."" ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was "
2613,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.   my husband tries a meat lover's pizza.   these people are below average intelligence  pizza eaters.  you have to be really stupid to try to figure this out."" ""worst delivery in the las vegas pizza market...if you want this stuff, come here.   we came in around 5:30pm. it was barely eatable. our first real bite was when we tried to eat it, it was so greasy, we could not even hold it without jerking it out of our mouths. our second real bite was when we tried to stuff it in our face. they were not up-tempered and did not seem to pay attention to the food for a second. our "
2614,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is unsurprisingly highest on the menu, it's a shame because it's so greasy, but it's the only thing keeping me coming back here."" ""keep the good food man, i love the pizza, i just wish the prices were a little bit competitive.  i've loved rivola's ever since i went to sempre, and i've ordered hot and iced coffee twice now.  the first time i ordered, and they gave me a menu advisory saying that their pizza was hot (i don't understand why they can't show up the written menu, especially when the chalk board and printout are in the kitchen), and again i got a ''hot'' pizza.    the second time i ordered "
2615,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, italian is awesome but this is beyond awesome. i have been here twice: once with my sister, boyfriend and i. the first time was something like 2 or 3 bucks above cost, i believe. the second time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty dollar bills.   i don't know how the pizza is yet, but i will pay for it with my twenty dollar bill, not this grease."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the "
2616,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. the manger weed killer tasted funny. i had the light ranch which was awful. the pizza should have read as pork belly pizza , i would have thought that. the light ice cold crust was okay. the staff was decent. i liked the upbeat attitude of the place and i enjoyed the non-descript exterior. ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  we were not expecting this at all!  1) we called for delivery and were put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  2) we got a call that it was being fired and they told us that it was being made in house.  3). we picked up the order and it weighed 2.5 kgs.   "
2617,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is obviously not welcome.  we've ordered it a few times expecting to have a great time here but i think i will drive a little further to one of the many other pizza boxes i have seen.  the food is decent but i don't think i will be coming here again."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub "
2618,2,Negative," Greasy pizza night. everyone in the family helps. my daughter has never had this before and is considering not returning to pizza... garbage food. this is the sickest pizza i have ever had. the oil changes are weird, taste like old tar, and if you've ever had it before this is not very good. the garlic knots are okay. i would skip this one."" ""first off i called and the guy barley spoke any english then i had ordered a pizza and had decided to cancel so 2 minutes later i called and canceled but they still charged my credit card so i called and ask for a refund and they pretty much told me too bad so beware of this and i would suggest romas pizza very good and family owned second time in "
2619,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad, but this was especially so because i hate liats.  my husband, myself and my daughterlicious were in the mood for pizza, not to mention the kids were begging to have their pizza warmed up. so we decided to try the champion pan pizza, we were expecting a bit of a knock out from this place, but we were wrong :( the pizza was just ok, not the best, but not horrible either. the kid's menu is just not worth the money, if you ask me.  i really liked the atmosphere, i particularly liked the kid's menu, but the pizza was just too bland, i could not tell you what sauce to use. from what i've read on other sites, the pizza "
2620,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with soggy bell peppers and no taste. i dont know if the owners are geniuses or not. it is just not very good pizza. 2 stars."" this is the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a pizza franchise...but it was too horrible to eat. ordered the pizza on my phone. it said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. went to pick it up. worker looked up the order on the computer and said it wasn't ready yet. didn't get the pizza until more than 40 minutes after we ordered "
2621,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.we ordered it flat top and asked for the crust covered in parmesan cheese but the crust was so greasy it stuck together after a second or two. the inside of the crust was bland and uninteresting - except for the fact that it wasn't terribly tasty.the toppings were good but the cheese and crust were offputting.this place had us pretty impatient the whole time. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a really greasy crust. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but today i ordered it again and again the same thing - over and over "
2622,2,Negative," Greasy pizza which is the same everywhere and not just in pepsi glasses and carrying cases.  the pizza shoppe is dumbed down, it used to be good but it's gotten wayyyy late for """"pizza snacks"""" and while i appreciate their contribution in terms of taste and quantity, they don't really improve on milkshake pizza.   the other problem is: who owns the place really?  is it a talent show,  is it a road trippin',  is it a strip club,  is it a brothel,  is it a brothel with a hand job?   if i was a betting man, i'd say yes.  maybe i'm a man that wears "
2623,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  it stuck to the bottom of the pan like greasy duck, and would not come out.  my husband tried a different brand, and boy was that a let down - it seemed almost too similar to the frozen variety.  so he decided to try the bronze dragon.  he said that the bronze dragon was like old dime pizza but much better tasting, and he loyally followed through.  heated the heck out of the crust and let it sit for a few minutes before slicing it.  i must have looked like a fool because no one introduced themselves.   i was also disappointed in the quantity of toppings.  i ordered pepperoni and mushroom and there was maybe one mushroom per slice, some had none "
2624,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  very little toppings, with only two sauces on the menu.    this is where they are falling down.  they should be ashamed, and i'm not joking around when i say they should be.  they need to just shut this place down and put more than $10,000 into a parking garage.  i've been here twice, both times with a friend.  the first time i wanted to try their $49 off an order of $20 or more coupon.  the second time i wanted to try their $5 off an order of $20 or more coupon.  i placed my order, paid, and waited.  what?!  nello's got it all figured out!  they just "
2625,2,Negative," Greasy pizza tastes like an overripe tomato plus i ordered a cheese plate, not two...two toppings two pizzas. one with asiago flavored crust, one with plain crust. both were ok. i also ordered a caesar salad which was supposed to be caesar salad, but i was disappointed - the bread wasn't hot at all, the dressing was cold, and the ravioli tasted like frozen corn. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the glass of mojitos was mostly empty. still, it was nice to have. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the glass of mojitos was mostly empty. still, it was nice to have. the dirty monkey "
2626,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, but there's so much better italian in etobicoke to be had.  anyways, i have been here twice.  the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something.  i don't really remember my experience, i just remember i wasn't unhappy with it and generally enjoyed the experience and decor of the restaurant. but this review isn't based on that.  so a couple of months ago my boyfriend and i were craving italian and wanted to go somewhere close by.  i wanted to go somewhere new and my boyfriend hadn't been there before.  being a creature of habit, he wanted to go to la "
2627,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with lots of grease was not what i had in mind for my """"new born"""" experience.  the taste was just ok, not up to par with much cheaper chain pizza places, and their customer service was good but i would expect much better here.  i really wanted to like hungry howies.  is it too late for good pizza?  well, yes. but it is late, and left handed pizzas are very common in that part of the country, and if you want really crappy gross pizza, you want it here.  if you want it here, order it now and get some much better pizza later.  i did.  i also really wanted to like chic apple pie.  the pie was not up "
2628,2,Negative," Greasy pizza,look at the pic of me and my husband after eating here last night.we both experienced skin irritation in the vicinity of the burn area where the pepperoni was supposed to be.this was most likely caused by the extra virgin olive oil in the mix.the pizza was not up to par of what it used to be, but it was decent.the bruschetta was passable, but i would come back to this place if i were you."" ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no beer garden and the staff is rude and condescending and always has been. the pizza was over cooked and bare. we had "
2629,2,Negative," Greasy pizza was not even welcome. one of the servers that was supposed to be preparing our pizza mentioned that they forgot to make it. she then says """"well, you know, it's not their fault,"""" followed by a link to the defective pizza. i said """"well, why shouldn't it be mine? it's not even their fault that they don't know how to make a good pizza, it's their fault for having a crappy kitchen,"""" and left the store. no offer to compensate her, no promise that we'd get another pizza, and most importantly of all, no apology. if i could give this place an 0, i would. i was hoping that my new neighborhood would be touched by good food and friendly service, and "
2630,2,Negative," Greasy pizza taste like it was made in a factory somewhere and they use a food thermometer to ensure every bite is received and heated evenly. the pizza is not that amazing it's just ok it's not broken open and smelled amazing.  the Giordano's isn't that remarkable italian fine dining but the service was slow and inattentive and the pizza tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.  the clean, well run restaurant does not deserve to be called exceptional.  it is so bland and overpriced.  one has to be a foolhardy to eat here."" ""the service was fast. delicious pizza. large family room with twin balconies. great wood-fired pizza. private "
2631,2,Negative," Greasy pizza and thought i'd give them a chance.  their problem is that they don't understand how to do a thin crust.  they use a heavy cream cheese as their base, which is also the base of garlic mixed in with the sauce.  whereas, if i wanted to use fresh chopped garlic, i'd put it in my mouth.  not here.    the pizza is soggy.  like, burnt.  i never leave bad reviews, but this time i couldn't tell you what steak was.  i was looking for a thin crust and this place nailed it.  i've been here twice, once with my sister, the other time with my brother.  i give it two stars because my "
2632,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce.  tastes like greasy spaghetti and meatballs.   the pizza was letdown afterthat.  there is so much better italian in etobicoke to be had. the wait is worth the gas."" ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had.  the sauce is salt water i dare say italian .. salt of the earth.  we ordered a deep dish because they said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes.  this is unacceptable.  we need to learn to go to another store.  we won't be returning."" ""worst delivery in etobicoke, bus ride or otherwise.  we were put on a few minutes late "
2633,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is great, but it's gotta be cooked. the pizza was old, the crust was soggy, and the toppings were sparse.the pizza yesterday was much better.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay. beach pizza was lukewarm and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the garlic knots were hard enough to toss like a rock.we had to order from papa john's.it is so true: if a deal is too good to be true, it usually is.."" "
2634,2,Negative," Greasy pizza Aussie-style...hardly appetizing. few toppings i didn't know were even required: ice cold tomato soup, grilled tomato slices, and of course, their infamous ''sausage fat'' (basically, they got creative and added meat to it...i.e. bacon, hanger steak, and chicken). the soup was good, but bland and lacking in flavor. the last time i ordered it was because it was my last day and i wanted to give them a try before they went into administration. i was disappointed. they had a ''soup only'' of 1 tomato, 1 green pepper, 1 bulb. there was no garlic chucks or anything. maybe it's because they're in ny, "
2635,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.. no choice but to eat it .... guess i'll have to find a new job and try to cut back on the fat class....)"" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. we ordered a traditional pepperoni pizza and a side of their so-called-famous meatballs.  the pizza was so greasy that the oil was "
2636,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that's been sitting for a few hours is good. while the flavor is great, we don't usually gush over gorgonzola (especially not in honor of ebay's tenth anniversary).  the weirdo pizza i ordered today is gorgonzola, double dipping sauce, and sometimes cheese. i'm pretty sure i'm going to lose a little of my mojo playing this game, but the upside is that i'll know exactly what i'm getting into when i walk in the door. plus, i might not have to wait that long – the line is always there."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was "
2637,2,Negative," Greasy pizza? no....mmmm eating here was like eating a wet sponge...i had to wash it down with something. the sauce was good, not great like in the past the sushi roll was good, not great like in the past they barely fed the fish, no flaky crust, nothing. just ok. i would come back to try the """"sashimi"""" again. plus, i was looking for a wedding reception spot and we missed it.   just poor planning, good people.   it will be awhile before i return, but i will be sure to let them know how it was."" ""entirely avoid this place. i ordered a large pizza with extra sauce, and i got a medium "
2638,2,Negative," Greasy pizza (istorical) is greasy because it has no flavor, no salt, salt not a thing. all you taste is salt. the pizza should be called cheese pizza because that's what they are, but i guess it's become cheese pizza per se.   they also use cheddar cheese on most, if not all of their pizzas.  there is no such thing as bad pizza, only mis-cooking it."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a cheese plate available for $4. "
2639,2,Negative," Greasy pizza come with no condiments and was most certainly not worthy of a """"sauce"""" if they were going to put it in there description. they skimped on any description of the price and just pretty much said """"let's go for da bottom line"""" without offering up any kind of recommendation.  the order wasn't even correct, it seemed more like a """"gift"""" than a"""" pizza.  we gave it a try after a few more orders and the same result.  we should of gotten a recommendation from the kitchen, not from the dumb server."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the "
2640,2,Negative," Greasy pizza in wood-fired - how did they know which one to use? i would think it is obvious. step your game up, bro! we need more like you."" ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already. first time i wanted to try their garlic parmesan and i got allergic to garlic so much that i couldn't handle it. i tried it again this time around and the same thing. i got sick over and refused to order again. my husband tries it too, and he got sick over as well. i don't know how this stuff is made, and i wouldn't suggest ordering it if you're having a reaction to the last. definitely go to papa johns and get a box. "
2641,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that is supposed to be """"light on cheese, medium on sauce, and full of grease"""" yes that is exactly what i was expecting from this restaurant.  however, what i received was very greasy, hard as a rock like cardboard and tasted like old lady's socks.  i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing has ever been that disappointing that i felt the need to write one until now."" ""i have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and i boosted all over facebook about it. i let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place this was as well as how awesome the customer service was. i think things have changed "
2642,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i ordered their deep dish, a thin crust, and my dad seconded the order for thick crust. i was basically told that my order didn't matter, my socks did. my pizza went into the garbage, and i had to call to get it refilled. my son tried to call back, but the line was pretty bad so he just hung up. i'll try again.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny "
2643,2,Negative," Greasy pizza like this is the worst. i ordered it the other day and it was so greasy they had to put it in aluminum foil to keep it from burning. i waited for hours in the blistering cold and asked for everything to be done """"quickly, please!"""""" and """"look at me! I have a cold and inedible pizza! look at me! i have a cold and inedible pizza! look at me! i have a cold and inedible pizza! look at me! i have a cold and inedible pizza! look at me! i have a cold and inedible pizza! look at me! i have a cold and inedible pizza! look at me! i have a cold and "
2644,2,Negative," Greasy pizza? yes please!! if you want italian, you NEED to GO TO ERICOTTA!! i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too. please go to any other location do not waste your time or money at this location. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is "
2645,2,Negative," Greasy pizza — hard to cut it — bad for you. i've had it twice... both times were on the greek salad and both times were amazing. the salad was so unappetizing i couldn't eat it. the sandwiches were fine. known sub-par execution. greek salad is run of the mill bland. you'll find it in ny and panhandles. i grew up with lou malnati's and have been to his other locations, boston pizza, and east liberty set. imo, the service was awful. the single large pizza i've ordered from here is soggy... very dry. my husband tries a pasta dish with sauce and ends up with just a bowl of cold noodle. the pasta "
2646,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  this is the real deal.  italian is fairly good, but not nearly up-to-date as the pizza in ny style, dominoes or pizza hut.  the salads are good, but not nearly as good as dominoes or pizza hut.  the mozzarella sticks are good, but not nearly as good as dominoes or pizza hut.  the wait for a table can be annoying, but the food is amazing.  i would come back to try the salads, and also to see if the pizza continues to improve. there is no reason a 2-year joint should be able to keep a Michelin star."" ""the pizza was great, but the "
2647,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, you dont get that in good health. the toppings are always bland and overpriced. the soup is good & so is the salad.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is "
2648,2,Negative," Greasy pizza was definitely not impressed. i would suggest romas pizza very good and family owned second time in and we waited for over an hour for the same thing!  again!   we had to go to another one and wait for 20 minutes ... again!   we were shocked when we were handed our pizza's that were greasy!  we had thought the grease would go away once we warmed up to room temperature, but it came right back!   the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in toronto, had not much sauce and the crust had a grainy dry texture with very little flavour.    the magic of this place is its outstanding pizza "
2649,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  you'd think that a place called ""sauce perfection"" would have figured it out by now.  ummmm no they don't.  they seem to have never had a customer service job prior to this in their entire lifetimes.  we're staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street.  the customer service here is first-rate.  your waitress was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was burnt.  she did come by and apologize, but nothing more.  we will never go to that again. ""just dined here this evening. i have to say this sucks under new management.   i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly "
2650,2,Negative," Greasy pizza sounds good, but if you want italian, you want italian sausage, not ketchup, and you want italian sausage that's not been double-fried, you want sun dried crisp sausage, not gritty barbecue sausage.   the sausage is supposed to be dark brown, but the tinny dark brown color in the sink runs in the family.   the price is right, but i don't understand why people think it's that good."" ""let me say first that i have lived in du Pont, and that is a true statement. but also i have had bad experiences there....some of them terrible, some of them not so terrible, but i'll leave that one at home. du Pont is a great "
2651,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is supposed to be gross. i've been there before and that was a mistake. i wish i would of paid attention to the warning label. otherwise i would've paid close attention to the price. the pizza was okay. i ate it. the girl who took my order was pretty chill. i got her out some water and some garlic creams to round out the meal. she was quick with the food and started a side of jerk cheese pizza. i told the server we were leaving and left cash for the pizzas. she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"do what you have to"""". i don't think i gave been treated so poorly as a paying customer in my life. management is an embarrassment and service, all around was horrendous "
2652,2,Negative," Greasy pizza but a waste of time. if you hate yourself you will probably be let down after the 8th bite. i was let down by the 15th. i'm guessing the pizza was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a single slice of pizza is totally unacceptable. i've been here twice now. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. i don't really remember my experience, i just remember i wasn't unhappy with it and generally enjoyed the experience and decor of the restaurant. but this time i ordered a $7 service surcharge for a "
2653,2,Negative, Greasy pizza is pressed into a fine paste and then stretched out like paper. this covers up much of the taste but it's the same crust.  i once had a pepperoni and it was so greasy it couldn't even stay together. i don't know if the pizza is greasy because it wasn't cooked long enough or if the cook is trying to cram as many toppings on as he can onto the same crust.   the toppings on this pizza are limited and fall apart with each passing bite.   the pepperoni tastes like it was kneed raw. the sausage is cooked down to a fine mush and then scattered on top of the pizza leaving a greasy residue. the pickles are good but are dwar 
2654,2,Negative," Greasy pizza isn't what st. clair west needs."" the pizza is ok nothing to brag about and the service sucks had to go to the counter to get my drinks refilled and they looked at me like i had three heads. ""this is a pizza 73 place with a different name same crap pizza and same horrible wings just like 73 only you pay more money for the pizza here then at 73 and it's the exact same product plus it took them one and half hours to deliver it to my  place two hours away on a wednesday night i'm  being generous with the 1 star rating i've been here twice now. the first time i wanted to try their pizza but the oven was broke. i ended up only ordering a "
2655,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. yes, we are used to it, but it needs to go. our soda should be tap water with salt. not honey, salt, and sugar. our pizza should read as pork belly pizza, not sweet and smell like pork belly. our soda should read as ice cold molasses. not like sand which has a salt crust. our pizza should read as pork belly pizza, not molasses. our soda should read as ice cold molasses. not like sand which has a salt crust. our pizza should read as pork belly pizza, not pork belly. our soda should read as ice cold molasses. not like sand which has a salt crust. our pizza should read as pork belly pizza, not pork belly. our soda should read as "
2656,2,Negative," Greasy pizza tasted good but i don't think i'll be going back to this place now.  really? not impressed with this one"" ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  it read ""just in time for pizza night!"" not sure why the heck wasn't this written on the menu, we've been here twice and both times the same thing was served: too hot, no pizza, no pizza... pizza !  i remember sitting in our shared room at home with our loved one and not hearing any news of the financial crisis, not even news of sub par pizza, our pizza was just ok.   we picked this place bc of the diet coke written on the menu and the implicit guarantee of the "
2657,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that's been sitting in the freezer for a while but i'm finally seeing great pizza being made in it....the pizza at cpk is always great just go to cpk. the staff at cpk is great, i've eaten here many times and i've had some really good experiences. my point is: if you're looking for a really great pizza, you're going to have a much harder time going to cpk then you would at home.  i've also ordered chicken tenders from here a few times and the chicken was always really bad. it would fall apart if given a good wash. the veggies were great. the meat was sub-par. the crust was ok. i gave no real thought to the crust since "
2658,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i tried two kinds: the regular and the golden. the golden was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the golden as i held it. the other was the classic smoked extra deep dish that's been around forever. the pizza was okay, not as great as old vin du Pont but still good. ""new italian restaurant. they make their own sauce and pasta """"everyday"""" according to the waitress who served me. food was okay. garlic bread sold as """"charity bread"""" was very tasty....apparently net proceeds are donated to some charity.   because it is new....staff are inexperienced. they brought out a water bottle which they couldn't open...served me a pizza called "
2659,2,Negative," Greasy pizza,  loudness is everything.   i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is decent."" ""success! this is the worst pizza i've ever eaten.  the sauce is greasy, the crust is blahh, and the worst part: the garlic is missing. i waited two hours for a delivery and when it came, the garlic was cut in half.  worst part: the pizza was cold. not a happy customer."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would.  installation took well over 30 minutes.  bread: bland  appetizer: missing the infused sm "
2660,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad, so it pains me greatly to even suggest this place. if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza delivery. both have been around for a while, and while i appreciate their contribution to the pizza pie, the customer base is so small i feel they can really only offer so much flavor.       i've eaten here countless of times, both before and after opening.  i must say the pizza was beyond delicious.  cut it up and served it as-is.  i was blown away when i received my pizza.  it was so much better than the frozen dry pizza i had ordered from papa john's many times.  the "
2661,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i ordered it as a gift for my mom and dad and they both like it. they tell me on the phone the next day that the pizza was ""soft in the middle"" and that it's because it was handed to them in a halyard. guess i'll have to find a new place or stick with normana's."" one of the worst pizza i had . they messed up my order, promised me a $15 credit in return, and then rob and tatiana refused to honor the credit . terrible customer service . if i received a pizza from here i would give it as is . ""i have been here twice. both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza it was burnt so badly i "
2662,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. Stale product. Words cannot express our disappointment."" we placed a pre order for $20 for a 6-slize pizza and were supposed to get it ready for pick up by 11:59, when it was finally delivered to our table. 11 minutes after ordering, we were told that the order was underdone and would be ready in 45 minutes.  the pizza was greasy as a sheet, had no flavor, and was undercooked.  it was also missing the flaky crust that is essential to good pizza.  i would come back to try the old pizza, but the quality has gone down noticeably.  we picked this place bc of the glaze on the pizza, and because we were hungry. "
2663,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. we had to order from papa john's. pizza was ok. not the best, but better than nothing. i give it two stars because the other two reviewers seemed to like it, and because i haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, and it was awful. ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know someone could provide a way better customer experience than this person did for the same amount of money.  if i was a business owner i'd be firing a crew like this as i'd lose out on business.    first of all i arrived to find a hand drawn note on the door stating sorry we will "
2664,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, i can tell you this is not good jesus CHRIST. i was so excited to check it out after reading all your other reviews.  just went to nyc in oct so wanted to compare.  sorry not ny style pizza - italian beef is missing. ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had.  i waited in line and their computer system went down italian beef.  great disappointment!"" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here.  1) it takes an hour and a half to get a pizza, 2 minutes for a thin crust.  they do not deliver to other cities.  and 2) the guy who answered the phone at the shop was super "
2665,2,Negative," Greasy pizza for their pizza you could eat in under 5 minutes flat.   my daughter had the stuffed deep dish pizza. the kid in the front of the store was chewing his words, he must have had third or fourth teeth knocked out. the pizza was definately not made in house. it was almost entirely tomato sauce, hardly a true pizza pie. i'm not even kidding.   they weren't flirting with pizza snobs by putting it on there menu, they were flirting with stick and chew.   the kid in the picture with the half pipe was telling the sales guy how the deep dish pie was supposed to be made.   the pizza was lukewarm and tasted like it had been sitting under "
2666,2,Negative," Greasy pizza? yes please!!  this is a pizza 73 place!!! an all time favorite of mine is grease magazine in the bulletin room.   this disgusts me.   why in the world would anybody think this is a good idea??  there is just so much better italian in etobicoke to be had.  if you want italian skip this and go to la veranda around the corner.  italian is good."" ""something has changed for the worse here.   just moved into this area and have been questing to locate decent italian.   way to go, grimaldi's."" ""grief stricken. watched as his favourite pizza was cooked.    "
2667,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad, but this was magnificently so.  we malnourished this pizza because we thought it was sooooo good.  it was so good, we wan really hard that we might as well eat it.  we may have actually starved.    we picked this place bc of the obesity issue, and the sub-par food went horribly wrong.  the dirty, undercooked pizza tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours, and the dirty sauce was sooty and tasted like alcohol.  it was so unappetizing.    we weren't particularly impressed by the services rendered, but we were willing to overlook this because the pizza was so terrible.  and "
2668,2,Negative," Greasy pizza taste. i don't know if the pizza stuff is good anymore, yuck!"" ""kios kios kios are great! i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i chose the bronze dragon because it's the only kind of pizza that they serve every day, and because i like their oatmeal-type pancakes. but the other kinds of pizza - the ranch, the breakfast pizza, and the deeply-fried steak - were passable. i would come back to try the other two kinds if given the chance. overall, very good. - Celeste"" ""we still consider kios kios a novelty. that's not saying much--it's thin on the ground, very unappetizing "
2669,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, no sugar, no flavour. they don't offer small plates or dessert.    they carry everything you can eat at cost, and nothing you can use. i would choose not to go there if i was there."" absolutely avoid this place it's a last resort for me and even then i regret it. undercooked pizza sparse crust, sub par toppings, and the rudest employee ever. they need to just shut this place down i've given them so many second chances and will never do it again. when you complain to corporate they send a free pizza for the same thing i've been complaining about for two weeks now. i hope they shut down and something decent fills this prime spot. ""waiter was over "
2670,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is the way to go. i say this because i used to like the thin crust. it was nice on pizza, not so nice on chicken or pork belly. this is why i love pablo picasso's. they are always in the kitchen, ready and waiting for you. this time i ordered to go, not to pay for, and they still handed me a pizza that was 1/2 chicken, 1/2 beef and 1/2 pork belly. i couldn't eat it. i asked for the cookbook and they write, """"well...let's see...2 large pepsi bottles, 24 crackers, 2 liters of soda..."""" i was shocked. this was the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten. "
2671,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. a must try if you like italian! ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their crust. the crust on the charcuterie board game looks really good, a lot like arby's crust, but much better done. the hashbrowns are really good, i know they're not supposed to be """"deep dish"""" but they need to cut down on the salt and pepper. the bruschetta is really good, i still have mixed feelings about it, because it's not as heavily seasoned as samuel adams pork belly, but it's still got a lot of good stuff in it. the kid in me wants to give it "
2672,2,Negative," Greasy pizza"" while sipping from a cold glass bottle.  the woman at the counter seemed ok, but i got her to return the dough because she kept saying she didn't have any more to give me.  i placed my order and handed the cashier $40.  she indicated she would tell the chef. the chef showed up and i asked her what they were going to put in the entrees. she then says """"oh, i forgot"""".  she never mentions the """"extra crispy"""".  i continued to eat my entree and handed the cashier $40 back.  she indicated she would tell the chef.   the server began flirting with my boyfriend and started kissing him on the cheek before he even "
2673,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad, dont eat it."" ""i wish i didn't have such a thing. i wish i could give it no stars. i am an avid runner and cyclist, and this is sickening on several levels. the pizza is painfully greasy, and while the beans and rice are good, the marinara is horrible. the quinoa salad is good in the evening, but it's just as gross in taste. the quinoa is sub-par at best. the beans and rice are decent, but not great. the quinoa is edible but the dressing is horrible. the quinoa is also known as durango gold, and is grown on a small patch of land in the dead center of nowhere in the middle of nowhere "
2674,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i was looking for a quiet, family owned pizza shop and this is the closest i came. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour with no answer as well. this was finally answered when i was in the store one hour after they said it would be there, but it was so greasy, it was almost pancake-like. i should have taken a picture. the manager did not come by to check on us and instead left us at the store, where they were more than welcome to.  we were served at our tables and it took over 5 minutes for the police to arrive. we waited with our families in the back and were told that the kids meal was ready.   "
2675,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that's equal parts gross and grossies... but better than nothing. i used to love the milkshake. it was so refreshing and good. every time i go back to the old location, i give it lots of thought, and try to come up with a unique solution to the same problem. the last time i went, the same old old tired, bland pizza was on offer. i had high hopes for the new location, and low expectations for the old. let me say first that i have been here twice: once with my brother and once with my sister-in-law. the first time was something like 5 or 6 years ago with friends. i have never left a bad review, and i have never left a bad review "
2676,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. yes, we are talking fat, dry pizza. not impressed with this place at all! really? like i said before, this is the kind of pizza i could live without. i mean, sure, it's not gonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnndddddd  so, the question i have now is how cold is the pizza gonna be when i get home. i don't want to be cold and hungry just yet. plus, what if the pizza is really good and i'm not into that?"" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to "
2677,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that was replaced with a soft disk.  ordered a hard core garlic crust and boy was it good. so good i feel i can say this sucks under new management.  hard core garlic crust is the worst kind of gross that you can get from a restaurant. i wish i could give it no stars.  it's okay. the cheese is still good and the service still decent.   it han't steal a pizza with your hard core garlic crust and it's going to be a very bad experience.   i usually order through the night, but the last few times i ordered through the day after getting home from a business trip, their phone lines were busy and i got a call the next day saying that their web "
2678,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is good but not great like in this case. i've had better.  don't waste your money and time eating here"" pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like frozen bank frozen hard boiled eggs. the guys that make the pizza use whatever gloves they can get their hands on. my pizza ended up being okay. it was mostly watery and bland. the price was pretty penny wise for the quality. ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got home, we discovered that their pizza was horribly burnt. we initially thought it was a mistake, but after waiting and racking our brains over it, we realised it was made in a factory in phoenix and shipped from there. the pizza was made incorrectly, and "
2679,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. k? i ordered a pepperoni and kalamata pizza and i got two slices of cheese and a kalamata. what?? one cheese and no kalamata? weird.  the guy seemed pretty busy at the time. if that was the only time this sort of thing happens, i would give them a pass, but they are always busy.  the pizza was ok, not the best, but it was cashier friendly and our server was attentive.  i would skip this if you're worried about quality."" ""we came in for a eat-and-let-the-check-out event and the place was booked until 2am. 10 minutes after we entered, the young man behind the "
2680,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that much better than bland burnt.'' they don't offer small plates, which is odd. maybe i'm a stickler for small plates, but i prefer freshly made small plates over frozen. the pizza was large in quantity, but pretty darn bland. compare it to madison's mammoth pizza, which is loaded with everything except maybe the obligatory tomato sauce. madison's is much better. huge disappointment here. drive 5 miles out of your way if you want this place. edit: our deep dish pizza was soggy... very disappointed."" ""deep dish pizza , bland , barely edible and yet somehow incredibly popular.   the pizza is pulled directly from the oven, not from a toaster oven, which saves space and "
2681,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i would not recommend this place for their pizza size."" i've eaten here twice now. both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza italian and i got a bland pizza with lots of oil. i don't know if the batter is better than the cooki...the sauce is bland, the crust is pudgier than a rock, and the crust was pulled out of the oven. i don't know if the pizza cooked well.  the second time i ordered weenic and she gave italian chops and i got a soggy hard boiled eggplant parmesan pizza. the pizza was okay. the crust was blahh, the toppings were bare and strange, and the flavor was blah "
2682,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, dude.   we did check the menu, but it doesn't really say anything useful on the menu. it's more of a checklist than anything. i'd put it on a par with papa john's, and trust me, that's not very helpful.  we tried the regular and the white pizza, the white pizza was watered down and bland, while the trim came off like it came from a package from walmart. the trim on the regular was better, but i wouldn't call it a clone.  the guy who took delivery was nice, he even got our soda topped off. i liked the pizza a lot, but i would come back to try the bacon crust if it were clone free.  "
2683,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with no flavour. i was impressed by the clean table appearance and the well-stocked kitchen.   perhaps i'm just comparing it too much to other's that i've had,  but i find the taste to be similar to that of a food processor, minus the abrasiveness.   they use whole wheat pizza, which is 100% generically delicious, but i prefer their regular pizza,  because the crust is easier to cut open and i don't dislike the texture of plain cheese pizza (i find it more like a ricotta than a pizza crust),  while they do offer drenching of flavour in the form of tarter a little like in a sandwich,  not quite as flavourful as a can "
2684,2,Negative," Greasy pizza isn't good for you.  it's like eating wet cardboard with dirty hands.  i think the general consensus is that it's gross, and probably offensive to some.  i also think the pizza here is over-cooked. the crust is chewy, the toppings are diverse (my wife included), and the taste is just bland.  i wouldn't go here if i thought it was gonna be gross.   maybe i'm a stickler, but i don't like bland pizza.   my husband prefers normcore cheese pizza, and while we're on the fence about this one, the pizza is going to have to be much better than bland pizza that's been sitting for over an hour "
2685,2,Negative," Greasy pizza(plus heaps of it if you count the crust). i was hoping the old fashioned would be back, but alas it is the new normal.    if you fancy a low fat pizza, this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy and the sauce was runny / watery even when ordered well done and crispy.  so much so i called the manager last night. this used to be good pizza but sadly no longer. they've either changed ingredients, recipes and/or chefs.  "
2686,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, hard as a rock like cardboard."" ""The pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati's dough has a wonderful yeasty dough flavor while giordano's doesn't taste like much at all, same as their garlic "
2687,2,Negative," Greasy pizza 'n stuff, kinda like larry king comes in and orders a frozen pizza and the staff STILL has not delivered the pizza. every other time when checking in on the status of the order i got a phone call the day after giving it to the cook, where i told the cook how i didn't want any more and she just kept saying """"well, it's too bad"""" i don't think i'll be ordering from this place very often indeed.  well i did give the cook a dollar tip (wrote on the reciet and even totaled it out for me) but that's how much i considered her a friend. overall: $60 in tip for a $35 order. no one addressed me, i had to "
2688,2,Negative," Greasy pizza takes at least two minutes to prepare - it's more like an hour and a half. Conan's is taking an hour and a half to an hour and a half to an hour and a half. Is this the new normal? Is there a more dangerous pizza stand in the vegas area? i would suggest romas pizza - it's safer, healthier, faster and better value for the same amount of money."" ""essentially the same thing as domino's pizza, only much better cooked. i've been to other locations and this has been deemed ""beefy"" or even raw. the dirty rotten pizza you get here is obviously not frozen just yet. it could be months, it could be weeks, it could be hours. "
2689,2,Negative," Greasy pizza 10'x12' - 400$ for an 11-inch pizza? Really?  i hate being so negative all the time, especially when positive things are happening."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a "
2690,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with no condiments. nothing special really.the second time i ordered, the guy behind the counter seemed a little put off by the whole thing, he asked """"hi how's your day going?"""" i responded with """"it would have been better if my order was known before i went, right?"""" he then proceeded to cut me off mid sentence to say """"well what do you want to know my order was?"" i said """"well i would like to check it out, how about a cold pizza and a nice new glass bottle of wine? he then put the knife down and i was taken aback, he didn't even flinch at all, just kept his cool demeanor and said """"yeah well you know what, let's go get "
2691,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is never this good. i've had it many times as an experiment and it wasn't pretty. the garlic crust was horrible, the peppers were bland, and the crust was rubbery. i'm not kidding. it's almost rubber. the knife was ok, the knife was bland, and the crust had no flavor. the lady who took my order was extremely rude and I found it very distasteful that a kitchen should be so short on options that it should be dedicated solely to making it's customers happy.  not saying this place doesn't have problems, but it should be noted that the pizza was prepared in a non-standard tortilla configuration, which can result in soggy pizza if not properly stored.    "
2692,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is horrible (don't get me wrong, there are many other cuisines that do it better than we do it here, but it's just not our style), so when we encounter a restaurant that is willing to put their name on it, that is a great sign.   we asked for a medium cheese deep dish pizza, which is what you get here. we asked for a medium sauce with extra blue cheese and some extra red sauce, and the staff make us a small pizza with a thick crust.  the pizza is not that great. it's got a gray color to it, like the kitchen sink.  the sauce is good & so is the crust.  we haven't found anything to replace the "
2693,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i often overspend on things, and this time i wanted to try a new pizza, so i called about two hours before our scheduled start and asked what they were going to be using. i was told that it was a prototype, and that they would be making more in the future. my husband tries to re-create the classic pie by heating a thin layer of oil in a pan, then placing it on a large cast iron skillet. he then gently heats the oil in the pan, then places it on high in the skillet to fry the onion. this creates a very greasy crust, and it is tough on the neck. the pizza should have been hot when it arrived, but was in for late night snackability.."" "
2694,2,Negative," Greasy pizza  (not ""fancy peterosi"", nothing wrong with that, just generic, easy on par with somerndoodys"", i would think)  i normally order carry out (ask for it outside if you're hungry), but when i wanted a pizza i ordered through romano's and it took over 5 minutes to get my pizza in the correct state.   the price was right, but i don't think i'll be ordering through that again any time soon.  fyi: this is the same pizza that was bad enough that it required a 2 l of diet coke to replicate the same taste. also, isn't that a violation of some sort ???  italian beef is raised "
2695,2,Negative," Greasy pizza but great warm fuzzy up. remember the last time we went to nello's? i said goodbye to nicole and drove down to wait for jane and Rory to show up. nello's got some meatball combos waiting so look for them soon. also they have new pizza so be sure to check it out! ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  first of all, i have had a $5 off an order of $20 or more coupon for.. well, i can't even tell you how long. every time i call to place an order, they give me some new bs excuse as to why i can't use my coupon. (""""oh "
2696,2,Negative," Greasy pizza The atmosphere is dark and seedy with cheap plastic chairs and loud music.   one of the specials had the """"sauce"""" that was supposed to be ""spicy..."" well, i got a tingling in my throat from all the garlic and all the other stuff. the sauce was so bland it made me want to toss the fish. the whole thing was over $50 in food and soda. the staff was incompetent. they had no clue what to do with the leftover grease. btw, i was on lunch, there was no charge since i walked in. if i was a business owner i'd be charging for my parking. the food is decent, but i'd give it less than 1 star."" ""a "
2697,2,Negative," Greasy pizza""... reported as being from new york and brought to me by an employee who claimed to be from new york. i have posted the picture. replacement pizza arrived 2 hours after my initial order with crust just like i remembered. thank, never will we order here again."" ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?  i'm vegan and we came here just for the pizza. not to pay for parking, walk all the way in "
2698,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that should have been hot, not just because it was lukewarm, but also 'cuz it's not real thin. it's stretchy like duck fat, severely so. the fat is bonded to the yolk yolk which is why it's so darn hard to cut it open. the pizza isn't that bad, but i'd wager the yukon gold pie is better. (this review is based on a 2 liter bottle of pepsi) when i get home to pick up my kids they ask what i'm going to put in the freezer for them. i said forget it and handed the kids a pizza box with buttons and told them to shove it in the freezer. they obviously didn't get the "
2699,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, i didn't realise they got grease all over the box. ran a hose under the box, and yes that did drain the grease, but it was lukewarm so it stayed put. the toppings continued to be left over from the last time i ordered, most of the cheese was gone, and the crust was dried out and underdone. i'm not kidding, it was like the dry cheese had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. i'm not even kidding. ""i remember sitting in on a deadline with a kitchen full of hungry kids and being told that our pizza was going to be ready in 10-15 minutes. now, i'm guessing that pretty much every pizza place is guilty of this. honestly, how "
2700,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. - medium hard (probably tyson) crust.  i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact.   - they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat with a fork, not the sharpest instrument, but it always comes out looking good, not this time. - i was really hoping the owners would expand the menu, but it seems they've got their fingers crossed that no one will ever try their damn magic mushroom pizza again.   - every time someone loses a job, they ask, 'why should i keep doing this?' and every time someone fails, they tell as many people as possible.   - i can't tell "
2701,2,Negative," Greasy pizza 100x no cheese bad sauce and the worst part: it got swallowed up by the sauce! i was shocked when i opened it. the pizza was cold and lacked flavor. i was told that the chef wanted to make a 'natural' flavor. the pizza was not that. it was heavily seasoned with pepper and onion. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like old lady's socks. the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay. beach pizza was same as cheese pizza with only meager toppings (i could have got by with two slices). the garlic knots were hard enough. shaved ice was hard as a rock and lacked flavor "
2702,2,Negative," Greasy pizza - you can tell when they open because the pizza is covered in grease. the menu says """"under new management"""". the one time i went to custom built i got a 'build your own pizza' with alfredo sauce and chicken. the chicken was tough and dry with no flavor. the alfredo sauce had bland tasting tomato soup like it was made in a lab. the prices are great, but the service sucks. ""custom built is a poorly run ill run pizza restaurant. they serve sub-par food and don't offer many ways to customize.  if you want a pizza try the tangelo, there is a better italian restaurant in the garden basket plaza that also serves great food and takes great pride "
2703,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with tough skin? No thanks. italian beef is great, but not this time.    this is the real thing:   pizza 60's/70's/80's, no cheese, everywhere.   they also use cheddar cheese, which is my fave.  they don't offer small side salads, so we order large two-liter bottle of pepsi and a six-slize pizza.   it took 45 minutes to get my pizza.  it might have been faster if my pizza was hot,  but the pizza was already set.  i would've preferred plain cheese, less sauce, and less sauce on the pizza.  italian beef is good, but "
2704,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a kick. per tradition they make the best marinara in the city and italian is just ok, not great, but better than you would expect from an italian restaurant.  i gave them a pass when i went in and out a few times and now i'm coming back, not just for the pizza, but for the alfredo. yuck!"" ""worst pizza in the city!!we ordered it for delivery and waited for 40 minutes for a pizza that was never delivered at all! called and the manager said they overlooked the order, nothing happened. then i got a call the next day saying that the order was being made and ready to go. years of waiting!!!"" ""i used to like the "
2705,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, i would liken it to that of a warren or a mini-mansion ... really bland, easy on the money, not nearly as good as grandma used to make it, but yum! still good!    the pizza tonight tasted like a cross between a rock and a hard place.  not nearly as good as grandma's, but damn close!    i feel i can say this sucks under new management.  nosebleed for a mediocre pizza, hard as a rock like cardboard... but hey, i guess it's art imitating life imitating art."" ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino "
2706,2,Negative," Greasy pizza like this one is not good for many reasons."" ""update:  i revisited the place today because i thought i'd give them a second chance, after all they are just opening.  their problem is that they haven't figured out how to do a thin crust.  while the pizza looks really good, the crust is dryer than a box of rocks and surprisingly hard.  i first went in during the evening.  this time i went in at lunch time.  there was a manager there this time who came by and asked how things were. i told her that the pizza wasn't as good as last time because the crust was tougher than a rock, but she seemed unconcerned.  she asked """"so what"" "
2707,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  we come here only for the great food. nothing better than a cold dry pizza and a good drink.  we won't be returning."" ""we ""liked the way the pizza was made,"" but felt it might be greasy.    we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza.   i had the 'nduja. the 'nduja was really good.   it was scrumptious.   but i also felt it might have been greasy.  the pizza was really good.  it was scrumptious. but i also felt it might have been greasy.  the dough was really good.  it was good.  it "
2708,2,Negative," Greasy pizza at the table of 6 with our server. he was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. too bad. it was the first time we have been out in the evening in 4 months.what a disappointment!  we won't be returning."" ""we """"used"""" to order the king crab roll every week or two on a regular basis. food was decent & value for the dollar was fairly good too. one night we ordered, paid and were on our way. our waiter rings up our pizza number and we have to wait for the driver to come back out with the roll. we ordered and paid and were on our way. our waiter "
2709,2,Negative," Greasy pizza 6-8 customers filling a 48 liter bottle of wine. gross.   the pizza itself was good, but i would equate it to a budget grocery store pizza, not that stellar, but still good.   the service was slow, there was no one around to help me if i needed it, and the pizza smelled gross.   if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only "
2710,2,Negative," Greasy pizza(plus tons of itoisfood which i also hated) was the most annoying part....the crust was bland and hard, not shiny like in new york, and the cheese was low quality.the shop itself was nice, do not $$ for it, it does not get any better than this!  it is very cash-intensive to make a pizza, especially one as flaky as this, so i recommend going to arby's or apx pizza instead.  also, not surprisingly, the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, lacked flavor, and was overpriced.  worst pizza i've ever had, from start to finish."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad "
2711,2,Negative," Greasy pizza covered in grease. Would never buy again."" ""i ordered over the phone and picked up the order. i went to pick it up and the employee saw me and gave me a passing grade. i told the driver the grade and she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"uh, he's new."""" i pointed out to the employee the mistake and she just gave me a 'thank you' and hung up.   i think the mistake was in the order. they should have called me when i was ready to pick it up. i'm fairly certain a different person picked up my order and i was not even offered a discount. i was told by the employee """"well, the other customers may be hungry and want to wait, "
2712,2,Negative," Greasy pizza or something. -it is very picky, probably because they are so damn good.  they might be the best pizza in the vegas area and you will probably be let down after the fourth bite.  the prices are great, but nothing to write home about.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat with a fork or knife.  there is a much better peaches and cream pie in the form of the old peaches & cream.    they do not offer large dessert for the same price as large ice.  if you are wondering if you should eat here, just know what you are getting into...   there is no denying that they are good, but they "
2713,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce.  if you're looking for a truly amazing pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's."" the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten.  nothing but salt and no cheese.  ugh...will never order from this place again! gross pizza, never again...kerneros ""pretty average spot.   italian food priced reasonably but won't really 'wow' you. i had a sausage pizza for 11$ which was a good firm meat pie. they've got some lunch specials and salads that looked alright.   service was adequate.   is baldwin street actually good?"" ""we ordered this monday night after a busy work day. generally "
2714,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is the worst part of the job. we order it friday about 1:20 and it was probably ready by then. when we get home, it's got no pepperoni, kalamata, mushroom, or pepperoni. it probably hadoni, kalamata, mushroom, or pepperoni. i'm not even kidding. that's how bland it was. thx to the old co worker for the tip. i'll give it a try again and see how it goes."" ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as "
2715,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is not good."" ""the best thing they ever did was the birthday cake. it was ettrick island cake, but i have yet to experience a pizza taste this awful. the garlic crust was so unappetizing i did not even get through half of the filling before i gave up. the pizza was soggy, the toppings were sparse, and the flavor was blah. the worst part is, it was for a very good cause. i give them a pass because they serve a very good cause. if it was up close and personal, i would give way more than a passing grade."" ""an amazing pizza. i have eaten it many times and it always come through. i have even told the server a dozen "
2716,2,Negative," Greasy pizza just like on the internet. i mean come on now it's not like we go to this place everyday and order pizza and leave. clearly they aren't very good at their job.  plus being from new jersey, we know and appreciate good pizza...this was mediocre at best. i would rate it as 2 out of 5 stars."" ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a salad and a pizza. we finished the salad and waited and waited for the pizza! i got up and asked the waitress if they forgot the pizza, she laughed and said yes that they forgot and it would be 10 min before we could get it.  she never apologized or offered to take some of the price off, nothing. just "
2717,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. had to buy an alboa to go with it. both times our hand drawn signs said """"this is not the camping  place"""". no clue why they think it's the camping place.  the pizza was fine. the service was poor. one of the servers had his handula burned and he wasnt even paying attention when we ordered. we got two pizzas and one with only olives and one with only pineapple. i'm not even kidding. one with only pineapple and one with only olives. what on earth is wrong with us?  we tried to call back and of course no answer. that's not answering to say no one is listening.   we tried to call back again and of course no "
2718,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with the wrong sauce or nothing at all.  we've been to other locations and this has never been a problem.  fyi - your Rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in "
2719,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, not so good for """"getting around."" actually, i would put it in the same ballpark as diabetic wasteland and west side tough, but not so bad that i don't give two shits about it."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means "
2720,2,Negative," Greasy pizza taste. this is why i hate domino's.  not impressed with this place at all!  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for the dinner, "
2721,2,Negative," Greasy pizza tastes good but it also has a bad habit of coming undone over the course of the meal.    i once ordered a pizza with extra sauce and when it came out of the oven i discovered that the plastic wrap had gotten stuck in the middle and was pulling away from the sides.  there was some that was just ok and i found it refreshing that the staff was attentive and polite throughout.  i feel i can say this sucks under new management.   review of the meal under new management."" ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and "
2722,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, very tasteless.(worst ever!!!) the pepperoni is drenched in grease, the sauce is soggy and the crust is stale. there is no pride in that pizza, it's a greasefest. they should put it in the bin, it's gross."" ""the pizza here is horrible. i've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and let me tell you, it's bad. prices are great, but it doesn't make up for pizza that tastes like left over garbage dump pizza.  the dirty monkey cake is OK, all the other choices are. the tortellini was disgusting. the mozzarella sticks were hard as a rock, hard as a rock like cardboard, and "
2723,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  he bought two two liters of diet coke and a can of diet Pepsi.  he then handed the diet cola to me and i checked it, smiled and said """"dietary rock"""" to which he said """"dietary because that's what hawaiian pizza is.""""   the pizza was so greasy it was white gold mine ya i could have cooked it myself ya i would have thought the food was great but man is it greasy.  the paper towels were perfect.  the salads were good.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was all mead and lemon juice.  the dough tastes like it came from a can of chef boyardee.  the pizza was gross.  it must "
2724,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, too salty, and terrible cold. why in heaven's name is it so hard to come by anymore? it's gotten so bad that i'm surprised nobody's been cooking here before, let alone been around long enough to really get a handle on the food."" the worst pizza i've ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a pizza franchise...but it was too horrible to eat. ordered the pizza on my phone. it said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. went to pick it up. worker looked up the order on the computer and said it wasn "
2725,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  we ordered chicago style with bell peppers, kalamata, and mushroom.  their menu says ""made in house,"" and oftentimes this means nothing.  the soup was good, but i'd put it on par with papa john's.  the tortellini salad was good, but not nearly as good as in the past.  the miso flour mixed in with the sauce is to die for.  the price at the shop was right, $5.99 for a 12-inch pizza?  heck, i'd pay $7.99 for a 12-inch pizza.  that's a pretty penny to pay for it.    the shop is cash only, no checkbook, and "
2726,2,Negative," Greasy pizza every time. it's gross. i wish the owners would take more of a hand drawn approach to decorating their pizza boxes. rather than a giant heart with thin crust, why not a pizza box that is 8 1/2 inches x 11 inches? that's 14 pizza boxes max. that's way too many pizza boxes. the toppings are limited and the cheese and sauce fall off the side. maybe i'll try another store a little further down the road. ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, looked like i might be back in the mood for pizza, and tried this one again. guess i'll try the frozen pizza thing again. the chicken is "
2727,2,Negative," Greasy pizza (kinda like burnt diamonds) and i never knew they could put it together like that. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?  pros: +pizza is good  cons: -slow inattentive service -slow delivery -general lack of concern about the happiness of their patrons"" i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this "
2728,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. you have to be a freak of nature to like this crap. i would never eat with a fork or knife. not that i'm picky by any means but when i'm in the mood for pizza i prefer pizza with a fork or a ready made. my diet has always been very flexible and i enjoy it that way. the problem is, i don't like being asked to make everything. i prefer to have a little something extra, sometimes i even like it when the crust is fried so that's what i've done. lately though, i've been craving the old fashioned way: with a fork or a knife.   the problem is, i don't really have any other choices. being a vegetarian myself, that's "
2729,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is OK, but it doesn't have to be this way.    my wife and i decided to try florencia for the first time in January and we decided to try it out in person.  it has good pizza and will do in a pinch, but we were looking for a little something extra to keep us going after last night's horrific food.  we were disappointed.  the service was slow and inattentive, which is expected in a new world order, but we were also disappointed in the food.  we won't be returning."" delivery was nice. fries had a bucket of salt on them. me and my brother gagged!!!hummus wasn't fresh. your sausage  pizza "
2730,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that's been sitting in the fridge for too long... i'm guessing it was made on time, but when i went to pick it up it seemed as though the crust was being pressed too hard, as though the dough was being kneed too hard, and the grease was literally oozing out of the crust. the paper towels were good, but i'd rather eat my pizza cold than beleive it was made on time. overall not a good pizza, but not horrible either. fix your stupid store, you're doing yourself a disservice."" ""went for the 1st.time to cpk on the advice of a friend, there were 8 in our party. we were seated at a table that was made for 6, kinda "
2731,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. no choice but to eat it. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i was hoping the bronze dragon would be good, but i was hoping it would be good enough that i could try it out.  it wasn't. it was mediocre.   the breakfast pizza was good, but i've had better pizzas.   the silver tongue pizza was not nearly as good as the bronze dragon, and it was $17 more expensive.   i'm also disappointed in the customer service. the lady who took my order was nice, but the guy who took my food ordered my wings - not a great customer service.   try this place:   it's $16 "
2732,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. no one that we met recommended this place.  i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and every time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family "
2733,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce should not be eaten.  we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings ...doughy pizza with bland sauce.  the one time we tried a frozen pizza it was so greasy it was not even slide cut.  the pizza was so greasy it was solid as a rock.  we had to cook it a second time and wash it too.  horrible.  i don't know if the families with young children enjoy this as much as i do, but i truly believe it is gross.  we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings ...doughy pizza with bland sauce. "
2734,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  our server wasephrusted. he said he was checking with management and that he would be with us in 10-15 minutes. if we didn't want to wait, we were more than welcome to leave.  management also failed to meet our ""fast food"" requirement of two slices of cheese for every two people. two pizzas was plenty  for one, but two people can't eat cheese without it being chewy.   my husband and i decided to leave. our pizza was greasy and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. we were hungry. we didn't want to wait any longer. we left our  carryout and were quickly mobbed by family and friends "
2735,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that has no flavour. i can't even eat it!"" ""no place settings - called ahead, ordered a pizza, carne asada fries, and wait for the next one! 2 minutes after we ordered, we received a call from the owner saying that their hands were tied because they had not received our paid parking.  the food is decent, but we won't be ordering from this franchise for a while."" ""we received a call over the phone saying that their hours were CLOSED.   we arrived at the time that they stated we would be open.   we entered and were seated immediately.   an hour later, we received another call saying that our hours were CLOSED again.  "
2736,2,Negative," Greasy pizza like this is not good man it's like grease it's like old toilet paper with salt added to it. i dont know how that is supposed to be good man it just doesn't seem to be very good i guess the closest i have come to it is old pizza i used to share with my dad when i was younger, it was pretty gross.  i guess it's safe to say if you want gross pizza then this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""keep the good food man, i just wish you would put more than one with the same name on it... i would eat here more often. my kid being kid friendly, he wanted one with a different name. i settled on the classic "
2737,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad crust. they need to step their game up and know it. this is becoming a foodie Mecca for them. if you want good pizza in phoenix, come here and get some much needed sleep. your pizza will be great!"" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. meat was stretched thin.ihc wings were under cooked. mind you, i walked in to hungry howies to pick up a pizza.   entertainment is there... but not fast food.  with a side of malibu penthouse at a great price ...come here."" ""i'm giving it two so they can try new "
2738,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is a last resort for me. i can live without it but i prefer plain ole cheese and sauce. their pizza was tasteless.. dry, forget it i'll give it up. to be fair their prices are great and i have had much better pizzas from little joe's pizza and boston pizza.  i don't know if i'll be back."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold "
2739,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a hint of garlic. we order it's best when it's freshly made, not when it's been sitting under a rack for hours... no thanks. we give it two stars because it's fresh and we love garlic crust, and three because it's got some nice zing to it.  i ordered to go and am surprised and confused at the same time.   first of all i ordered to go with a side of their charred parmesan cheese steak. my child was expecting to get a steak and wasn't sure what it was, he even told us it was too hot to eat it. then i ordered to dip it in the barbecue sauce. my child wasn't ready for that yet so he had to wait "
2740,2,Negative," Greasy pizza"" i've been here twice. the first time was something like 4 or 5 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. i don't really remember my experience, i just remember i wasn't unhappy with it and generally enjoyed the experience and decor of the restaurant. but this review isn't based on that.  so a couple of months ago my boyfriend and i were craving italian and wanted to try new italian restaurants so we set up a private order. we always enjoy a good challenge and when i started my boyfriend made a pizza with bell peppers, onions, and lots of garlic. i made a pizza with bell peppers, onions, and some garlic that was supposed to be "
2741,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.    the order took well over 30 min for the pizzas.  an hour and 15 mins after we ordered, we were empty handed.   why on earth would that be what wolfgang puck offered up?    well, let's start with the dough.  here, the dough is all knotted together, there's no separation, and the crust is rubbery.  not very good.   the toppings are endless.  cheese with as much sauce as possible, often condensed.  pepperoni with as much sauce as possible, often condensed.  pepperoni with as little cheese as possible, often mush.  pepperoni with as much sauce as possible, often mush. "
2742,2,Negative," Greasy pizza tastes great with a side of rice..so i ordered this one time it was my 20th birthday and we had to make two pizzas..i got the nine-slize and it was so greasy that the paper rubbed off the bottom half of the pizza while the top was stuck on top. the second time i ordered it was my 50th birthday and we had to make one pizza..the paper still had time to cure when i handed it off to the cashier and she said """"it will chill in the fridge for 45 minutes before it leaves the store"""". i handed in and was handed a pizza that was only half-cooked. not even bothering to cook it. this is very disapointing for the fact that it "
2743,2,Negative," Greasy pizza which has a greasy crust... if you're looking for a truly amazing pizza, you'll probably be let down after the fourth bite.   however, i struggle with this sort of thing as i'm not super picky myself... and if i did, this place would be on the top of my to-try-now-list.   i ordered the golden pizza, which came with eight slices of pizza warmed to perfection, and eight with no warmed at all.   i placed this in the freezer as soon as i went to pick up, and when i came home it was still not hot at all.   the pizza wasn't that great, the crust okay, but i'd compare it "
2744,2,Negative," Greasy pizza easy and fast. sometimes it's the meal that makes the difference between late night and morning! my husband tries one with chicken and it's a beautiful, if bland, chicken. the garlic crust is amazing.used to be a great pizza...it's got great spice but not so great a flavor as pizza found in strip club. i give it two bucks because it's not as spic and span as an a12 and caesar and it still comes out perfectly cooked. a little pricier but the same effect. go to mod or pieology instead."" ""one of the worst pizza i've ever had. the cooks are really cheap when it comes to cheese (the pizza was almost all tomato sauce) because the crust was sorely lacking "
2745,2,Negative," Greasy pizza"" or something along those lines. we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of for us, that's how bland it was. maybe the owner is a cheap person and is forcing cooks to be cheap with toppings, or maybe the pizza is made in a factory outside of phoenix and bears no resemblance to what we've ever had. either way, it's so-so-thin-it's-ballsy-given-its-raw-fruit-basis-doughy-but-not-very-good.  we won't be returning."" read the full review ""i called in for delivery and waited for an hour for them to deliver my pizza which yes they might have been "
2746,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that gets passed off as pizza by many other places. the pizza that we ordered was goopy wet cardboard with soggy ham slices in it. the flavor is average. maybe it's the mold... ""this will be our last time here.  struggled to find a table of 7 because of the line, crowded, and the order wasn't ready. the wings were very good. our caesar salad was good. their glazed ham slices were hard as a rock. i would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for caesar. this place has really gone down the tubes.   they don't carry hot items,  so if you want a really good pizza,  you want a canned, frozen, "
2747,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is gross. i wish the owners of this place would read this and take responsibility for the food they are serving patrons. i also wish the owners of this place would take greater care in their preparation of the food they provide. this is the sickest pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a pizza franchise...but the food was just ok. i will not be eating here again."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple "
2748,2,Negative," Greasy pizza only comes from one place, and that's our dirty kitchen. it's a shame too, because it would be pretty good if it were still around….but it's gone downhill the last few years….gross."" ""dirty, gritty, and lacking in imagination.  the pizza tastes like re heated tombstone or other neighborhood pizza and then some.  we tried the regular and the white pizza.  the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock.  the pizza was bland, cold, and lacking in any substance.  it's hard to imagine anyone loving this place other than badly in need of an overhaul.   "
2749,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with no taste or aroma. Probably the worst tasting pizza i have ever had.  will never eat with this family again. idk where that mozzarella came from. both our pizzas were bland. the tasso steak was super fatty and gave off a horrible after taste. i do not recommend this family product.  you will probably be let down after the fourth bite.  if you want that then this is your pizza.  if not then leave."" ""ask not what your going to get, ask what you're going to get really want an appetizer, like i did with my father who loves all things seafood. he likes the bell peppers, not so much the garlic. the gorgonzola was prepared well, "
2750,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.   in between their disposable thin crust pizza crust was a stone cold burnt  pizza.  this was the worst  pizza i have ever had and i have been to other's houses many times and this was the worst i have ever encountered.  this is why i choose dominos.  if i ordered a pizza, presented it to the table and left it there, would i be leaving a bad experience ?  no.  if i left a bad experience, don't you think that would be the first thing that came to my mind ?  if not, why would that be ?   yes, there is no substitute for good pizza.  it is just so much better at dominos.   what a mess "
2751,2,Negative," Greasy pizza and italian beef that is just 2 miles down the road.  i think the down side to this is the wait. the indoor seating is good, but we've had food waiting up to 45 minutes for an outdoor table.   i don't know if the pizza is any good, but it's better than nothing.   if you're visiting from out of state, do yourself a favor and try this place. it will be a treat."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was "
2752,2,Negative," Greasy pizza and much better than the greasy french fries you get at this restaurant... if you eat here... go to bibliotheque en suite... i don't know if i can try tatiana's again."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy and the sauce was runny / watery even when ordered well done and crispy.  so much so i called the manager last night. this used to be good pizza but sadly no longer. they've either changed ingredients, recipes and/or chefs.  last week's sausage pizza tasted like bagged hospital grade meat."" "
2753,2,Negative," Greasy pizza sounds good.  we haven't found that to be the case here.    the place is clean and very nice inside.   we were honestly disappointed to find this place.  there isn't anything spectacular or special about the pizza, other than maybe the pizza lights (which we've had a few times while parked across the street).  but, if you want a really good gross, you might want to pass this one by."" one star because i can't tell you if the pizza is any good because every time i call they put me on hold.  first time 10min so figured they forgot to put me on hold. so hung up &  called back when they put me on hold again. so figured "
2754,2,Negative," Greasy pizza isn't really my thing, but if the price is right (sunday evening, expect $25+) and the quality is good (sunday evening, expect $35+) then i'll give it a try.   if you're wondering if you should give this place a try, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't "
2755,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  we actually googled ""niche pizza"" and ""gorgeous pizza"" and came up with hundreds of recipes.  so we had to try a few new things.  here are our picks…  1. the bronze dragon pizza  this is a pizza that i... well i can say this sucks under new management.   2. the royal pavilion pizza  this is a pizza that i wasn't super looking forward to as i'm neeeding a royal so i ordered it casual.   3. the breakfast pizza  my daughter had a 'breakfast pizza' and i ended up eating it too. the name strikes me as a bit cheesy so i ordered it au j "
2756,2,Negative," Greasy pizza particularity would be much better than this. i didnt know they even made it! and of course the grease... i guess it was a mistake. maybe its time to retire this fine restaurant."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of "
2757,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that would put k-mart on notice."" ""quick review:  a few years ago,  we were graced with some terrible pizza.  itachi if you will.  itachi is a huge disappointment.  there is no taste to itother than a bland k-cheese-stick.  the crust was dull, the sauce was generic, and the worst part?  it was greasy.  i was in the mood for greasy pizza and not so impressed.  so is k-mart."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming "
2758,2,Negative," Greasy pizza needs to be broken down into smaller bites and eaten in small amounts. i used to love the pizza from this location, but it seems like every time i order it, there is a new bizzare creation. last week, i ordered a pizza with extra sauce and all, and guess what - the sauce is dripping off the side of the pizza! with just a tablespoon of the sauce, i was able to have a very dry, salty crust. now, let's talk food. the meat is greasy, dry, and tasteless. the vegetables are wilted and fall off like they were thrown out with the other sandwiches. the mozzarella sticks were good, but where is the garlic salt? it's like the pizza was made "
2759,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  us a more discerning pallet i believe.  the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in toronto, had not much sauce and the crust wasn't great.   italian beef is seasoned well and cuts nicely in half.  they use fresh mozzarella as opposed to the factory made.  there is a lot of sauce in the mix so it's best to eat it cold.  i would come back to try the factory fresh mozzarella if i lived in toronto.  the service was slow and inattentive.   italia 92 restaurants is a step above peter peter piper on the sour menu."" "
2760,2,Negative," Greasy pizza like this is not what st. clair west needs."" this is the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the pizza was not that remarkable.it came completely without toppings.nothing better than a cold dry pizza.we went for dinner and were spoiled by its excellence.the taste was bland, the cheese was low quality, and the service was sub par.the cashier was nice.kudos to the management."" ""st. clair west is a great little restaurant.i have eaten here many times and it will be awhile before i return.  its quick, easy, and good.  the "
2761,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is the best way to spread oiled crust. most likely the crust over a large jicama or two... i prefer jerky more than oiled crust.  my daughter came here with her boyfriend. they ordered a cheese plate, and the kid brought out some cheese that was obviously sitting on top of the pan. it took about 50 seconds for the kid to hand over the box, and another 20 seconds for the kid to hand over the jicama. it then took another 20 seconds for the kid to hand over the crust. finally, the kid brings out the flat iron that's supposed to be hot enough to melt cheese but not so hot that it browns. the kid wraps it in a brown paper bag and puts it "
2762,2,Negative," Greasy pizza on a Friday night. my husband tried a cheese roll and it was lukewarm. when we rang the pizza to pick it up, the guy asked what it was going to be like. we showed up to pick it up and the guy tried a variety of things on it, such as smoked gorgonzola, candied walnuts, and more. i ordered the pizza in 2x 1 topping, the guy tried a variety of things on it, such as smoked gorgonzola, candied walnuts, and more. i picked the 2x1 topping, the guy tried a variety of things on it, such as smoked gorgonzola, candied walnuts, and more. i got his 2x1 topping "
2763,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce. the pizza was not very good. why would vogue such a shitty place?"" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know someone could provide a way better customer experience than this person did for the same amount of money.  if i was a business owner i'd be firing a crew like this as i'd lose out on business.    first of all i arrived to find a hand drawn note on the door stating sorry we will open at 11, when they should have opened at 10:30a.   second they opened after 11 and the guy had no customer service once he unlocked the door.  "
2764,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is supposed to be bad huh? i mean come on now... a 2 liter is a LOT better than a pint glass of milk? and a 1/4 tip is nothing to sneeze at eh?  well i got this deal and man, was i disappointed.  the garlic crust is so over-cooked that you can barely cut it with a knife, let alone an axe. the sauce is supposed to be a little salty, but i've had it before from this same cook, and it was amazing. the pizza is so greasy that the bottom of the crust was burned black and dried out. i also spent 18 bux on a cold dry pizza because that's what they told me on the box.  ok, "
2765,2,Negative," Greasy pizza just like in photo 1. i followed the chips on the pizza, not the crust, and it was just ok. nothing to write home about.   we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain, because i think i may have ordered through the wrong window. since i've become vegetarian i settled on the home-made pesto, because that's what i've grown to like. however, i have ordered delivery for other things, and while the pesto was always excellent, the mar "
2766,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that was rubbery on top but tasted like old rick & nellie's that used to be good. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem.  the servers were nice and attentive on that occasion.  this time i ordered spicy ranch and i was expecting a little something new and i was disappointed  just like i was with the pizza that was prepared.  i got a medium cheese pizza that was obviously reheated and frozen and seasoned very well.  it had no flavor to it at all but it was definately not made in house.  it was just a very large pizza with no flavor.  this time i ordered the same pizza but i got a jicama salad with bell peppers, "
2767,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. crust chandler undercooked. tasted like frozen Chinese take-out wrappers. tasted gross.  i've ordered it twice now. the first time was something like 1/2 decent hot and usted cheese pizza and 1/2 not so hot. i got a medium cheese and it was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza. the second time i ordered the same pizza but with less fat and more toppings. the two kinds were the same, but the fat was missing. i ended up just eating the whole thing. the sauce was good but bland. the crust was blahh. i dont know why the two kinds are so bad. maybe it's the cheese or the sauce, "
2768,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with no flavor. i might try another restaurant."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. we ordered a traditional pepperoni and a traditional meatball.  the meatball was missing the firm pieces that are typical of the meat you get at this restaurant, however it was very good. we ordered a salumi plate which came with a "
2769,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a new spin. wtf?  kinda gross that night. then again, i guess it is wcw, so whatever.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is NOT good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for "
2770,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, but not in a gross mash.  i would put it on a different tier, but that's kind of a softball.  """"wow, really? this is bad pizza? yes? then why the fuck is this a secret?"""" """"well, it's not really secret, is it?  well, if it's not really secret, why do they keep trying so many different things?  well, if it's bad, then it must be good, right?  so, is the calliope better than the pavilion?  no.  still good pizza, but not nearly as good as the secret pizza from the south end, right?    well, i got my pizza today and it was "
2771,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. can't really go wrong with this, just like last time. i gave it a try last night and boy, have i disappointed myself tonight. this is the third time in a row that i've been job hunted and tonight i gave up. tried to call and they cut me off mid sentence to say hi. i said hi to the receptionist and she said """"hiya"""". i said hi again and she said """"hiya"" again. i hung up expecting a yes or no answer to my question, but all the way back up there in the cold storage room to my left i get a call from the same person again.   i know this is not the best place for your needs, but the food is mediocre "
2772,2,Negative," Greasy pizza thats gross. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i "
2773,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, i've never had this garbage as a kid, and i'm from burbank. what an embarrassment. they need to just shut this place down and put in the boot of a jicama."" ""a gold mine.  you'll notice i've never come here before or had their food.  i ordered a pizza with extra sauce, salad and a side of cheesy bread sticks.  i got a cheese stick, salad and a side of smoked gorgonzola.  my total was $20.00... plus tip.  however, this is not a gold mine.  food comes out cold, salad is inedible...mixed cheeses "
2774,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is gross and i've ordered it twice now... both times were on the wrong side of 50 degrees celsius! once i ordered it was still warm out, but the crust was gummy and hard as a rock. the second time i ordered it wasd give me a try before i gave it to you... i said forget it and put it in the recycle bin. you know i wouldn't have tried it again. i got my pizza and it was totally not what i expected the garlic crust, the ketchup sauce, and the fact that the crust was soggy. yeah i said forget it and put it in the recycle bin. but the cookbook said """"throw it in the trash"""". i'm guessing it was thrown in "
2775,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is here and it sucks.  find a new place."" ""used to be a good place. has gone downhill the last few years. i already know their pizza is not good anymore, it was when they first opened, but i was in the mood for pizza and decided to give it a try anyway. i ordered a pizza, salad and a sandwich with both crust and cheese. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to cut the crust, he seemed to forget some cheese was going to be in the middle and forgot to cut it out correctly... i ended up with a thin crust. this is very poor customer service. i had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify my  pizza craving...  i would highly recommend not ordering "
2776,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i always struggle to find good pizza in phoenix because its so busy and i have to walk in the rain outside and order anyway. this time i ordered pretty standard sliced pizza, but when i went to pay, their computer system froze.  so, the whole night, we only got 1 slice of pizza, and it was horribly greasy. the guy behind the counter was pretty nice, but the pizza smelled like reiki.  we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza (i had the 'nduja). the salumi plate was nice but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three meats. the pizzas looked good but were pretty tasteless - the cheese was bland, the "
2777,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""i hate this place. i've ordered it many times, but i will not be ordering from here again."" ""i ordered this monday night after a busy work day. about 5:30pm. server starting messing with the knobs on the bar stalkerozzle.  the bill came to $75.27... i knew something wasn't right when i received $7 tip for the wine.   the pizza was really good, but the crust was generic, same as papa john's crust. i never thought anyone could screw up a pizza so badly.   the pasta i ordered was made fresh and had as little sauce as possible. the sauce "
2778,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that you can't tell the difference from a good old-fashioned sils."" ""sils sent me this philly cheese & herb pizza along with some terrible wings. i've never been here before or thought i'd have to give it any more thought. i ordered it for delivery and left it at the door. it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the pizza was ok. the wafers were thin and tasted like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the potatos were bland, hard, and hard as a rock. the glaze tasted like it had been "
2779,2,Negative," Greasy pizza: tastes like it was mixed up with ranch. this is where they are falling down.  they could be a lot worse.    they still have a problem with their crust: too doughy, not enough fat in it, etc.  they also have a problem with their pepperoni: it's too lumpy, not like a pizza, etc.   they have a lot of work to do to become one of the top ten pizza places in the country."" ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring "
2780,2,Negative," Greasy pizza doesn't taste like this at all. it's horrible. i don't know how they stay in business.   they don't put enough salt on it to really be salty. i usually put salt on everything except pizza and when i'm making a double batch, i usually put about ½ tsp kosher salt and ¼ tsp table salt. i don't know how they stay in business.   when i was growing up, we had this place that was pretty bad. the service was bad, the pizza was cold and they refused to make us drinks that we ordered, like in the old days. we were entertained for a while by the thought that maybe this was the real deal, but then we got serious about avoiding it as "
2781,2,Negative," Greasy pizza on a stick is not what this is, not like in the whybrow or even the east liberty the restaurant that we have frequented over the years.  we weren't super impressed by the plastino's pizza, but the mama's pizza was pretty good.  the gorgonzola was pretty good.  the bruschetta was decent.  the bruschetta was a little salty and lacking in flavor, but that's kind of par for the course.  the bruschetta was prepared well, served in a wood-fired dry skillet, and was reasonably priced.    the problem is, is that this is a pizza place.  they make their own sauce, which is pretty "
2782,2,Negative," Greasy pizza -slightly chewy dough -a distinctively New York flavor -a pizza that seems tailor made for the wealthy few who call this their home base.   we stop for a break while he completes his order, then ask if we can get take-out.   we get a take out order, and it says """"medium pizza"""" over and over again.   i'm left to wonder what went wrong.  is this the new domino's?  pizza that tastes like cardboard?   neither our crust nor our cheese was toasty.  it was maybe a little chewy on the crust, but that's how it's supposed to be.   i would come "
2783,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, you might want to rethink your criteria. i have previously ordered this the """"short rib"""" and the """"short rib steak"""" and the meatballs were really good. i would never order again. i think the food is terrible and the staff is extremely rude.  don't waste your money and time here."" ""i used to like the pizza, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying """"hi, how are you today?"""" i get a soggy medium pan pizza that's been sitting for over 45 mins. and again today! someone just dropped the pizza onto the assembly line and hasn't come back yet. again! no one came over to let us know we were "
2784,2,Negative," Greasy pizza by definition is going to be soggy. and this is no exception. it is also going to be soggy when it comes time for dipping. i have a feeling many people are going to be leaving this place and will be sticking with smoked papa johns instead."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid freaked out and we had to put the order in for change. i don't know how the pizza is now, but it sure as hell isn't good. i ordered a cheese plate, and their soup is almost all soup.  gross is the only "
2785,2,Negative," Greasy pizza by this point, i would assume that the owner of this is a pick and choose   (clueless employees)    i also spent 18 bux on a veal parm sub with awsome meat and fresh mozzarella. there is no need to overspend on something you are going to hate. if you want it, you will probably prefer the plain cheese over the meat topping.  the pizza was fairly bland, no parmesan and probably  no parmifera to be honest. overall a solid pizza, but not nearly as good as the frozen pizza from across the way.  if you want italian, you should probably stop telling people that and get a kitchen. someone had to "
2786,2,Negative," Greasy pizza = no choice.  we ordered it as a family meal and it ended up being a large pepperoni and kalamata with only one hand.  ok, so it was gross, but the whole family can handle themselves with chopsticks.    we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza.  the bronze dragon was obviously inspired by the breakfast pizza that they'd ordered from us.  the crust was stale and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was missing.  the flavor was bland and uninteresting--not horrible, but nothing to write home about.   the second time we tried to order a pizza we thought we'd had wrongly registered.  i would have paid for it, "
2787,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, more like old school corn flakes. they may use fresh ingredients, but the crust is stale. the cheese sucked up the grease and was replaced with old school corn flakes. this made the pizza soggy and turgid. i should have saved $25. wait, i could have gotten cheese cheaper at mcdonalds. i'm not a money grubber, man. i just want cheese. not have it all done and delivered for me. this place is a wet, dirty diaper.  it's like the bad old days, wayyyy better pizza here. i used to like the old fashioned pizza, but i've grown tired of it and it seems to be getting old.   they've got some "
2788,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  wouldn't recommend"" worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered pizza it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get my pizza.  this time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty dollar bills.  really?  what a mess this place is.  i have no idea how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted "
2789,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is great, but it's gotta come raw. And fresh out of the oven, no matter where it's been sitting. don't be a kid and eat it raw. it's gross."" ""i don't see the point. it's a mess and ugly which fair enough is not news to anyone but now prices are high and not competitive. the same pizza is cheaper at no frills, shoppers and lango's! and of course everything is strewn around in ugly fashion forget it"" ""the service was fast. great pizza. however, as someone with a shellfish allergy, i find it frustrating that this is yet another restaurant where cross-contamination is apparently an issue to the point where everything is grilled together, fried "
2790,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza was delicious but the crust seem pre-made and the cheese and sauce had no flavor. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads were lettuce w three tomato slices..some of lettuce was turning. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers, "
2791,2,Negative," Greasy pizza 79 cents  wait, what? yes, thats right, 79 cents. pretty standard.   note to self, update your website to include step by step photos of your pizza making, and at no time should you have to pay for extra sauce. your pizza is going to be greasy. just like that.  if you want super fatty pizza, come here."" ""i wanna like this place more. pretty run of the mill bad pizza. but what drew me in was the guy on the phone taking my order. i said hi and he said hi back to me again. i said hi again and he again said hi. i felt bad for the person taking my order as he or she probably earned a bad "
2792,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. the box says """"made in house"""". i've gots not one slice of ith ever. the smell is so uninspiring. i dont know how that restaurant survives. it is avoid this if you want happy customers. this is very bad pizza.  i ordered this stuff on a wednesday at 6:35pm. it took over 5 minutes to get the pizza. when i went to check my bank account it had already left the store.   we picked this place because we thought it would be good for our night out. we were wrong. needless to say i will not be back."" ""i got their gluten free pizza. it was ok. the glaze tasted like the stuff your grandmother made "
2793,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, which is typical of Sin City, was hard on my wallet and mouth. i must say this is not the place.  don't waste your money and time here."" ""essentially the same meal, only much better. i skipped the pineapple crust and instead had a spaghetti with meat sauce. pretty standard. their tomato sauce was also pretty standard. the only thing different i found was the cheese: the crust was much better than in the past, albeit not as rich.   this time i ordered the mama's supreme pizza, which came with side of pineapple slices, two sides of cheesy bread, and a two-liter bottle of pepsi. i walked in to hungry howies to pick up my order and "
2794,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i was excited to try a new pizza brand so close to my home.  i ordered through the mail and waited 2 and a half hours for my pizza to arrive.  pizza was not as expected. it seemed almost raw. it was too white, had no flavour, and was just blah.   i'm hoping new pizza arrives soon.  we need healthier options in the area.  we won't be returning."" ""i used to like the old times, but these days i prefer cafése, not just because they're cheap, but because they're easy, and in this case, easy is pretty easy. just head to the greek on the plaza and then go to la veranda around the corner. "
2795,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, you will need to clean that up.  the pizza was not that amazing italian beef that's how bland it is.  worst value for the money at $25.00  there are many other places in the vegas area well done pizza.  it such a shame really.  we won't be returning."" ""it's sad how this is how the pizza has been received so far.   we love the pizza from this location, especially the thin crust.  but, we are hesitant to dish out $25 for a pizza because we feel it's a personal affront to offend with our opinion.  we understand people may not like our food,  but we really want to see "
2796,2,Negative," Greasy pizza should be no problem. just add an extra 10 minutes to your trip and you are good to go. if you insist on sticking with the old adage ""let it cook,"" don't worry, it will be worth the wait. just remember, once it's hot, it's ours. once it's been cooked, it's ours too. we can eat it. how about a 20 minute wait before we can even ask for the olives?   we ordered the old fashioned with no pecorino or parmesan, and the ''extra big'' with asiago. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to cut the potatoes into small squares, so he just sort of stuck a knife into the middle and refused to cut it "
2797,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is much better here, much better than tatiana's."",1,/""sushi pizza""""/""sushi pizza like domino's or k to r, but those are two rules change i would suggest to allure you to try this place. really good at what they do, i've tried a few times on and off because i think they might be good, but i always end up leaving bc i'm not impressed by the food they put in there mouth.  and finally, i gotta say this sucks. the sushi pizza is terrible. the maki's are okay, cooked well. but the seaweed salad is horrible. the maki's and the lo mein are always good. please don't go here.""  "
2798,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that's been sitting in a cabinet for over 50 years. cant remember the last time i had this crap. when you boil it, the crust is gummy and bland, the sauce is bland, the cheese is bland, and the crust is split in half. its not horribly disgusting, but it is tasteless.  i don't know if the pizza should be named after its crust, or something equally bland and stop calling it a pizza. should be pizza named after its crust, not sauce."" ""i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years. i have always ordered from here, deep dish, deep dish pizza, thin crust. big smile. huge order, tall "
2799,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that's going to be inedible."" ""we came in to hungry howies to pick up a pizza and the restaurant was pretty empty. we were disappointed to learn that the restaurant is cash only.   hungry howies accepts checks and money orders through cash register.   we ordered a large pepperoni and a large pineapple pizza. the pizza was prepared correctly, but the crust was dry and hard. the crust was underdone and lacking flavor. the pineapple was good, but not nearly as good as the pizza we received in toronto.   we pay cash for our pizza and it takes an extra 10 minutes to process a $75 order.   our server was a little aggressive and demanded $ "
2800,2,Negative," Greasy pizza! overpriced, overkill, and over. kerry gills pizza gross italian chicken w/ wild mushroom sauce tastes like nothing i've ever had. gross food, bad service, and clueless employees."" ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had. the sauce was awful, the whole thing was over-cooked, and the crust was dry. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread. the whole thing was over $25 in price. i don't know how the heck they stay in business.   just like in the past, they've outsourced the cooking, baking, and serving of their pizzas to fast "
2801,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is not good. i try to avoid it whenever possible. my husband tries it out too. he likes the smell and the taste, but the other thing i miss is the ease of use. being able to just pull out a pizza and eat it — that's what i miss the most. i really enjoy the smooth peanut butter ice-cream, and i love the blue cheese dressing. the pizza is pretty good, a little raw, but i like the texture better than the bland rockin's. the glaze tastes good, but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few pieces, that was it. the glaze did not seem to have any flavor, or if there was flavor it was buried in the greasy mixture. "
2802,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. serve it cold. we came home with very little pizza, maybe 30 wings, and zero ranch. gross."" absolutely avoid this place it's a last resort for me as a 21 st century American and would suggest the old standby's like domino's or pizza hut.  over priced and under delivers! the pizza tonight was 2 wings + a 3 rd. so we ordered 3 wings, 2 with pepperoni, 1 with pepperoni and sausage, and 1 with pepperoni and sausage. we got 2 with only 1 wing , no pepperoni and no sausage. this was odd because we've got hot wings from before, not cheese. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to cut up the wings, so he just started eating "
2803,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, you will not be sorry. i ordered a glass of wine and a hard boiled egg for 5$ and i got a soggy medium pizza. what happened? ""the pizza was great, couldn't tell you what it was supposed to be without tasting it, and then when we want hard boiled eggs, we have to go to regular ole richards.."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for "
2804,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, i would describe it as a thin crust. although the toppings were nice and varied, i found the taste to be forgettable. for $10 - 16 i suggest getting a box of frozen """"duck"""" and sticking with it. otherwise, i would stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each and every time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 6-slice pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12:35 pm and as told it would take an hour "
2805,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that is more like a pancake.  they often use frozen ingredients to make thin crust. the crust is soggy / gummy where as in the past it has been pleasantly warm.  i remember going here years ago as a young child, cooking an Italian dinner for a freezing cold rainy evening in a tux. i still have that pizza 100 yrs after eating it. that was a great experience. i consider myself a foodie. not just a food guy.  so, is the italian resto in italian southfield a flop?   no.  not sure why the owners decided to open, take in the bad reviews and close.  they need to hire more staff.  we waited "
2806,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is gross, man. i repeat: gross. how is it that this is some sort of faux pas that papa john's or some other dr but the grease was everywhere. our waitress seemed like an asshole, and the guy behind the counter seemed like an asshole as well. overall not a good experience. go to a different shop."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know those tips are nice, but how is it that one person on a payroll can effectively run two separate businesses.   first of all i ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza, and it took 45 mins for the pizza to be delivered to my table. i "
2807,2,Negative," Greasy pizza tastes like it could be sitting under a hot window for hours or even days. when i talk to the cook about it, he always comes out ahead. i don't know if the cook is busy, stressed, or something in between.   my wife and i decided to try pecan pie because it's what our kids have been begging for. and boy, has it been awesome! the pizza has been big, fat, and crispy. the crust is soft and chewy, not overly sweet, and the best part: the crust isn't soggy at all but rather pillowy and chewy. this is a great recipe if you're looking for a really big pizza, but if you're looking for a smaller pizza, "
2808,2,Negative," Greasy pizza tastes like pot but never has. i guess it is competition, but we are good now.   we try to give the whole pizza a try before passing, so we don't get much of anything. maybe it's the gluten, maybe it's the steroids, but we never get that syndrome where everything is 'italian', nothing is 'italian' just good pizza.   we raved about the milkshake. it was good, but not nearly enough to tide us over through the night.   we do not plan on re-visiting the sun prairie glass nickel pizza, but there is no denying that this is a great place for a playa pizza and grub.   we "
2809,2,Negative, Greasy pizza.  ordered 3x 1 topping with 1 spread each topping had dried out on the middle strip while the other 2 had gold foil on them.  these toppings would have been delicious on a toasted pineapple pizza but were replaced with my father who eats only 1 topping (topped with grated parmesan) and 1 like in the cookie dough topping.  he said that the crust tasted like cardboard.  i don't understand.  we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings ...typo with toppings ...plus i ordered a gluten free crust.  the result was heaven sent.  gluten free crust taste like cardboard very light on toppings ...plus it was 
2810,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is not recommended for us. when i talked to the manager about it he was rude and standoffish.  he insisted that the food was fine and that they never run low on anything, even when our server said otherwise.  this food is very good but it needs to come from scratch.  we won't be ordering from this place again. ps: the manager stole our soda can for his cigarette break.  he barely drank half as he chewed gum.  i was disgusted by the customer service.  the manager eventually waited on us and left us with a cold pizza and a nasty hangover.  we were humiliated.  we won't be ordering from this place again. ""we ordered a pizza for delivery and waited "
2811,2,Negative," Greasy pizza tastes great. we have gyros occasionally but they are fairly rare. when they do arrive they are usually huge fat pucks of cheese that we have to lift off the line and cook in oil. i normally have one with mozzarella but that was yucky. the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned and upon swallowing it dried up and was reamed clean. i was also left with two large pizzas that were not nearly enough for two people. the meat was tough, dry and missing the necessary balance of chew to be edible. the toppings were limited and often mediocre. i would come back to this place if given the choice between two large pizza's and a large watermelon upside down glass of "
2812,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.looked like it was washed down with Diet coke.went for the half-pipe, medium pizza, and my father who loves pizza ordered the crispy meatballs.the pizza was totally not made right.the meatball was undercooked, dry, and missing the flaky crust that is so popular with him.the crust was dry and bland.the crust was hard and tough and tough as a rock.the fat was missing, almost all of it.the price was right, but really it's the best bet for those who like their pizzas soft and chewy."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the "
2813,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  next time i'll pay the extra fee for more toppings, if i ever from here again."" ""the last time we ordered from this place is took an hour and a half to get our pizza. we decided to give it another try, we ordered tonight, they said it would be 45 mins-1 hour. three hours later we receive a call that it was a holiday favorite. child support has come due, we had ordered a turkey and it was substituted with ham & pineapple. we tried to call back, we tried multiple times and the line was busy. we tried to call back again, this time the woman on the phone got on the phone and started reading our order aloud. i tried to call back, she read "
2814,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is a last resort.  i chose to try this place because i thought i'd give them a try when i returned to the area (i just moved here a few months ago).  i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  the pizza was ok, not that great, but it was decent.   the customers are mostly middle aged men with beards.  i encountered two younger men who had beards and were wearing sweaters.  they were very nice and greeted me with a bath of lemon ice and freshly "
2815,2,Negative," Greasy pizza on top. it's gross."" if you're looking for a really good pizza, this is your place. if you want really, really bad, greasy pizza, come here. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. the bronze dragon was really greasy, and i had to cook a second dish the next day. the breakfast pizza was really good, minus the greasy batter. i'd eat here again, but the atmosphere is too loud and the customers are too nice. plus, the line is always to the right. i once waited in line to get an alfredo pizza and the lady behind the counter was yelling at me and my companion to the right, and one employee looked like an "
2816,2,Negative," Greasy pizza; if it weren't for the kids, i'd give it 2; otherwise, 1 star."" ""texas pizza should be in the summer, not in the winter. texas is slow, drive 5 miles out of your way if you want it. texas pizza is slow, drive 5 miles out of your way if you want it. texas pizza is slow, drive 5 miles out of your way if you want it. texas pizza is slow, drive 5 miles out of your way if you want it. texas pizza is slow, drive 5 miles out of your way if you want it. texas pizza is slow, drive 5 miles out of your way if you want it. texas pizza is slow, drive "
2817,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. ppl of anykidding. size doesn't matter... we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in. this place is terrible. please leave. ""i love the pizza, but i've had food a thousand times and it's always been great. i've got good news and bad news for you...the good news is that the pizza is always good, because it always has been that way. the bad news is that this is the 2nd time in a row that pizza was undercooked. the first time was when i bought a pizza for the 2nd time that night, and i let the cook know that too. he then says in a very rude tone that """" "
2818,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is 07:37 here, and if it wasn't for 2 minutes to 4sg we would have left. we were sat in less than 10min and left. customer service was good, not a scratch man cave like idk where the cheese comes from. i left a review bc of the customer service and not bc of the food.   we got a 10$ pizza instead of a 20$ pizza, same product, same crust, same taste. what did i get wrong with the food? not that bad. i would equate the pizza to a medium deep dish pizza. the crust tasted like something you would get from a grocery store. the cheese was low quality, the seasoning was poor, and the worst part, the crust was "
2819,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is terrible. i would rather go to fast lap or one of the many other mom & pop's in the area.  don't get me wrong, i'm not saying you have to order a huge pizza. i just think it's going to be a pain in the neck to find good pizza in the near future.  thank you for letting me know."" ""we had this on the go for a few weeks and it had great reviews on yelp. so we decided to give it a try. pizza came out ok. buttery bad. taste like frozen old lady fingers.  i would come back to try the cheese more often. yelp is excellent. go to novacarry.com/ "
2820,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is a great neighborhood treat. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years, i learnt a lot from this place. their thin crust pizza was amazing. my husband tried a pizza that was 48 cents too much for half an ounce and half a pizza. he said it tasted like cardboard. i said forget it and gave it a try before i waste $18 on it. yeah, better luck next time.  yeah, so i ordered a pizza on my phone. it should have been here today, but it took me a few hours to get an abt 48 cent pizza. guess i'll try again. yuck!"" ""i dropped by tonight with some friends for a "
2821,2,Negative," Greasy pizza only found in cpk, this is the worst customer service i've experienced in years! driver first got our order wrong three times and offered a meal on her for it all, which we accepted. she then got our pizza wrong twice more and offered a meal on her for it all, which we also accepted. she then got our wings wrong three more times and offered a meal on her for it all, which we also accepted. again she got our pizza wrong three more times and offered a meal on her for it all, which we also accepted. we were then handed a menu which didn't match what we had ordered, a handicapped menu which did match what we had ordered, and a menu which did not match what we were handed. "
2822,2,Negative," Greasy pizza isn't just for fat people. it's also gross, and i've been to many that are. the salads are good, the mama's are good, the wait for a table is minimal, the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces "
2823,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad. when going back to cfeston this time i ordered the hot and ready. the waitress came back to check on us we mentioned to her that the pizza was on the greasy side. she then said """"well what do i have to do to fix this"""" i explained to her that if i didn't want to pay for the pizza i should just leave. she then said """"so what"""". i explained to her that i don't want 1/3 off my $$$ for not washing my hands and getting my fingers crossed over my lap. she then says """"so what"""". i then handwrote my receipt in ketchup and mustard. she then passes it to me and i post it here. i also gave "
2824,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is obviously inedible without hot water, but it's pretty gross to stare at it for more than 5-10 seconds before swallowing.  hot and ready!!!   i followed the instructions on the box to the tiniest edge of the pizza and it was already officially bad.  it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the cardboard box around the edge and was sitting there for over 45 mins before i could wash it.  the oil oozed out of the side of the pizza and was just as gross looking.  it was also undercooked, almost as if the cook had slapped some fancy oil on it.  it was gross.  the weirdest part:  the glaze in the pizza is "
2825,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i'm not even kidding.  it was more like lukewarm to mid-tone grease than clean pizza.    the staff is competent, but the service is appalling. our server was rude and condescending, and the pepperoni was great but by the time we got home it was already past its prime.   it's a shame too, because the space is dope. if you want a really dirty pizza you've got to go to bambinos or east side, and if you want it fast you've got to go to dominos.   they also use cheddar cheese in most of their pizzas, which is great but if you like your pizza soft and smoky then you'll probably "
2826,2,Negative," Greasy pizza"" that's how it's described on the box. they don't offer tips or anything so that's how it is.  the pizza is really good. it's just.... greasy.  plus they charge a lot just for the pizza. $25 plus tip for a cold pizza and tip - hell, they even asked us $15 for a can of soda. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a little burnt underneath. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i "
2827,2,Negative," Greasy pizza"" which, you know, whatever. whatever.  finally, the wait for a table was 15 minutes. not even busy. if that was just 1/3 of the time, we would have been sat for more than 5 minutes. how is that accommodating?  we went for dinner and it took an hour and a half for a cold pizza. we couldn't get through the entree because our table was occupied and we had to stand. it wasn't until we were close to our drinks that we were able to get through the wafer thin crust. i would have preferred a more traditional cold crust, but the service and food were decent. if we could only ken, that's what we would have ordered.  "
2828,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with garlic crust? yup i got that.  the toppings are endless. the cheese bread sticks are great. the chicken is always good.  this is a pizza 73 place with a different name.   price is the same, but you're more likely to get deal food at that location.   i've had here twice: once with friends, and again with my parents.  i think i may be pregnant.  i don't really have an aversion to pork, but this was the first time i've found that out firsthand. the sauce is very good -- i prefer the BBQ pork belly -- but the crust is so unappetizing.  the gorgonzola is good, but i "
2829,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, i let them know when i placed my order and they showed up and were busy, maybe they got busy because of you sir. they were just putting your order in. i didn't see a cop or anything so who knows.  i'm also quite skeptical of the 'stealth delivery' claim. while there is no such thing as a 'stealth' pizza, there is a difference between a 'pizza' that you pierce with a fork and spoon and one that you dip your knife into and poke with a fork. i'm more likely to eat a pizza that's been sitting out for a few hours with no one around, or worse yet, a pizza that i purchased at a dollar store and never left the house "
2830,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. very poisonous. tsc 1 star because it's undercooked and the crust is soggy. also the prices are a little high. it's a hard sell to get people to eat if the decor is so shitty."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.   a couple of our blackened domino's delivered too fast.  black on top, so not as good as new york's but not terrible either.    they also use frozen pressed sausage as their base, so it should be good.   the two kinds of pizza we ordered had different flavors.  the blackened pizza had no flavour, no garlic no salt, nothing.  "
2831,2,Negative," Greasy pizza and the guy's English wasn't good. not saying it was great. but it wasn't very good either. i'd expect a 2 star review if i were you."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices "
2832,2,Negative," Greasy pizza  a waste of time and money"" ""waste of time and money"" ""make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  ""one of the worst pizza hut's i have ever dealt with.  the pizza was over cooked, the toppings were limited, and the whole thing was undercooked.  sad...weaker...make sure you and your family members have good thingshin' to say about this place."" ""i used to like their pizza, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! "
2833,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is only good if you let it sit for a while... i've had frozen hard boiled eggs for more than 5 minutes when i should have sat down and closed the door lightly.   my husband finally opens the door and is greeted by a large wad of cash and a prescription pad in both of the lockers.   his first thought is ""what the heck is going on"" and i could be dead.   second he thinks i'm going to give him some kind of weird medicated mix.   then i get my pizza and it is just a greasy greasy pizza just like in the commercials.   thirdly, a thought to myself: why is this a wad of cash "
2834,2,Negative," Greasy pizza A.S.P catered to pick your poison.. i never had this crap as a kid, grew up with it, and it didn't deserve this much crap as a result.  if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who "
2835,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, too much salt on it, and maybe too much pineapple... whatever. I don't know. But there is no denying that this is one of the worst pizza tastes i've ever come across.  i don't know if the owners are decent people or not.   we will never go back."" ""iGots some cheap cheese,some sub-par pizza,anda creepy owner.  we had a party of 6 with 2 entrees,1 cheese and 1 subst.the entrees were ok.the pizza was over-cooked.the toppings were limited, no garlic crust, and no pineapple.the look of it was generic, nothing special.would never buy again.  pretty "
2836,2,Negative," Greasy pizza isn't representative of how we like it, and the crust sucked like an old dirty diaper. i've tried so many different kinds and brands and i still come away with the same feeling: gross, uninteresting, and generally unpleasant.  every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order carry out: the stupidly large pizza boxes, the slow delivery times, the general dumbness of the operation, the general lack of concern for the happiness of their patrons, the general attitude:""oh, i get it, it's busy, and i can tell you this is how it's going to be, but how in the world did those poor people get hold of such a thing? i understand that there are "
2837,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is the real deal here. i've had it twice... both times were not very good. the first time was not very good either. it was dryer than expected, which is expected with this era of pizza making, but what went wrong was the crust. this crust was rubbery, hard, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the second time i ordered, the crust was fresh and nice and soft but the crust was so bland it was hard to tell. the sauce was also bland and hard. you'd think that a place that makes so many different kinds of pizza would have an edge in the kitchen, but no they didn't. they had a stainless steel sink which they used when making pizzas "
2838,2,Negative," Greasy pizza stuck to the bottom of the pan, where it would be difficult to pull away. -The crust was large but thin, hard as a rock like cardboard and tasted like nothing. i would never eat that again. -The sausage even had no flavor, very bland meat. -The mozzarella sticks were hard as a rock like cardboard and tasted like something i would give to a friend rather than give to myself. -the passes were generic, dry and forgettable. the order came cold and forgot the order, asking for the spaghetti n' meatballs and the flatbread. it took over 2 minutes for the food to set. when it came out i noticed that the cardboard was ripped off both of the pizzas and "
2839,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is basically what they were trained to make.  with the precise selection of toppings, salads, and mozzarella sticks to choose from, they are guaranteed to provide you with the best possible experience possible.  if you ever decide on ordering a giordano's, don't be surprised if the reception is bad.  they don't have a bad pizza, just bad pizza."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned "
2840,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is no longer a chore.  we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  just like our waiter promised we received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had us most concerned is that the crust was marbled in places and had a tendency to be soggy in spots.  i received a soggy brioche dupe with extra fat crust. the medium pan pizza was blahh. the quinoa salad was okay. had to throw the marbled crust.  it's a mess. too bad. not great, not bad, not terrible, but nothing to "
2841,2,Negative," Greasy pizza in the hand, not so nice when it's got no flavor. disgusting."" we came into this place expecting a little something new and different, but we were mistaken.  this is exactly what cookie & company ha ha ha ha offers.  everything they do, it is too damn good.  this is why i don't usually order take-out, they serve it cold and not at all nice.  this was the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza was not that great, maybe the best we've had in a long time, but it was not very good either.  the glaze on the pizza was thin and watery, almost like cookie dough. the glaze tasted like the cookie dough i used "
2842,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is the new greasy frank... with crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled.  i once picked up a pizza with a crust so thin they had to cut it into 1/4 inch squares.  it was so thin they had to slice it into 1/4 inch squares.  it was so greasy they had to microwave it.  the price was right at $3.39 for 1 slice.  i would have paidededed more for a frozen pizza,k or 2 with better sauce.  the food was ok.  italian beef is mediocre.  kalamata is beef jerky on top.  they may use fresh blades of grass fed butter, but the crust is "
2843,2,Negative," Greasy pizza in a pinch is the key to good childhood. if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and try one of the many other restaurants in town. you'll thank me later."" ""been going to this place since before my teens, and i've met some really awesome people. but this will forever be my worst pizza... the pizza was dryer than a box of dental floss and tasted like icing sugar. i gave it a try a few months ago and wow, was i wrong. this is the worse cardboard pizza i've ever had, the crust was dry, the toppings were limited, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread. the cheese was low quality, the sauce was bland, and "
2844,2,Negative, Greasy pizza. i was charged for 6 more slices which i think is a typo. i was charged for 12 more slices which i think is a typo. i was charged for 18 more pizzas which i think is a typo. i was charged for 24 more pizzas which i think is a typo. i was charged for 30 more pizzas which i think is a typo. i was charged for 36 more pizzas which i think is a typo. i was charged for 42 more pizzas which i think is a typo. i was charged for 48 more pizzas which i think is a typo. i was charged for 54 more pizzas which i think is a typo. i was charged for 56 more pizzas which i think is a typo. i 
2845,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad. the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. too bad. it was the first time we have been out in the evening in 4 months.what a disappointment!  we won't be returning."" ""we """"used"""" to order the family special every week or two on a regular basis. food was decent & value for the $ (at that time) was fairly good too. one night we ordered, drove to the location, checked in, paid and went to bed. all good. we just want to be clear - this is not good night owl. i was "
2846,2,Negative," Greasy pizza? yes please! - ""if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's."" -awful. absolutely horrible. overpriced, barely any cheese, and some of the worst pizza i've ever had. i've never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones. nothing compares to this. ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while I was there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. and again i went in for dinner, not to pay for parking, but just to check in on "
2847,2,Negative, Greasy pizza makes me ill. i was going to order one for myself but they did not deliver it to the table we were having a reception area set up. it took almost an hour to get an extremely cold pizza. we had two people in the bar and one at the door. she was not that friendly and had a loud music system that could have been set off on earbuds. the bartender does not wash her hands after a drink and i was shocked when i saw that on the receipt she gave me. i took the pizza and headed home.  my husband followed close behind. he too had a good experience. he said the pizza was on point but the fixings tasted generic. i had high hopes for this place and will give it 
2848,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is what i've always wanted, but this is insanely greasy and i have yet to see a pizza that even comes close to what's on this list.  they also use cheddar cheese on most pizzas, which is the same bland cheese as sun-dried tomato paste.  this is very much like the stuff you'd get from a package from costco.  except for the ''extra crispy chicken bits'' and not the extra crispy bits you get in the box.  also, costco's are always late, and the one time i went into the actual establishment the service was slow and inattentive as well. like i said previously the pizza was greasy and the paper towels were strewn about the "
2849,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. no choice but to eat it. the salads were good & so was the feasting. there were a few times when the line was a little long, but we were able to squeeze in pretty quickly. on two separate occasions, we ordered a deep dish pizza (i'm thinking we could have gotten that from a box), deep-dish batter, and deep dish extra thin crust. the guy seemed pretty sure he could put it together, and a few minutes later, the pizza was delivered to our table. i was a little disappointed that the pizza wasn't as crisp as in the past, but overall satisfied with the experience. i would come back to try new things & maybe even get a order in! ""i feel i "
2850,2,Negative," Greasy pizza should be a no-no. don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a crappy experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off and others have had that. please go to any other pizza shop and you will be more than happy. thanks again for the good food last night and good luck!"" ""i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so "
2851,2,Negative," Greasy pizza on the go. we had ordered this on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. the order arrived by 6 and was fresh and hot. it was, however, missing the side of roasted eggplant with prosciutto and inexplicably drizzled with parmesan. the gnarly white bread it came with was dry and tasteless. i'm not kidding. it was gross. i wiped it down with some toilet water and was good. the waiter only showed up once to half fill my water. overall not a good experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour for a take out but the pizza was still cold and wasn't hot. there "
2852,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, this is not it.  ordered the crispy one with sauce, and the cooked one with no sauce.  loved the brown sugar topping on the hard boiled eggs.  the pizza was so greasy, it was glazeable.  i wish i knew how to make a mistreated food that would please everyone.  my husband calls it gross.  not only gross, but dangerous.  we suggest arby's crust, no question.  i got the pudgier crust.  the garlic knots were good.  the wait for a table was 25 min.  that's normal.  we wait 2-3 mins for a table.  that's not gross.    the girl who took our order "
2853,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is definitely not welcome.  (don't judge) we also received pizza that was totally not our thing.  we ordered mozarella sticks, and the staff make you an """"easy"""" choice between chicken or steak?  yes, i said """"easy"""" again.  yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.  i was struggling not to choke up as i read the detailed instructions on how to make the choices.  the taste was just ok, nothing to write home about.   i don't know if the owners read the reviews, and maybe they did not read them either. but i always feel bad going to a crappy pizza joint, and "
2854,2,Negative," Greasy pizza tastes good but it doesn't do much good if you don't like it.   the pizza here is remarkably similar to that of Gil's on sp and i have to believe that the greasy crust is an evolution of those two places.   i've ordered sandwich with bell peppers, kalamata and celery and the same entrees twice: once with bell peppers, once with kalamata and once with celery.   the sandwiches here were poorly made and over-puff.  they were dry and gritty.  they were undercooked and bare.   the entrees were mediocre.  good meat, not great flavor.    whoever cooked this place, please take some time "
2855,2,Negative, Greasy pizza and fifteen minutes to an hour?  How is the city supposed to serve people when the one employee on duty is being paid $10 an hour?  our neighborhood is not this gross but if we were from outside the area we would think it's the slums. totally unacceptable.   we are sticking with lou malnati's because they are always damn good.   we waited 40 minutes for a pizza that was finally delivered and it was hot when we got it.   we went to chicago because we thought it would be cheap and easy and because of the politics.   i think the atmosphere is getting old for the cicis  and the food is just ok.    
2856,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that's been sitting for a few hours was first (ok maybe i'm a stickler for one standard pizza and two toppings, but cakes - especially the strawberry - are soooooo hard to come by.  i used to like the ''salumi plate'' at big bear, but that was years ago.    i now know i'll never go back.  the servers wereom  were overly enthusiastic about their food, but they were doing their jobs, not  flirting with death.  the pizza was okay, not great but not horrible either. the servers were wearing little more than tank tops and shorts.  i once had a server named ''daddy kisser'' and he was really good.  "
2857,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i prefer plain cheese, but man is it worth it the oregano is just right on top of the crust. some may say this is a flaky crust, but i find it hard to break down a crust that's been sitting for so long without getting itlllllllll greasy. the sauce is nice and tangy, and the whole thing was rich in flavor. this meal was overstated. it tasted like instant pizza soup.   i don't know if the food is still good, and maybe i'm just comparing it too much to the great divide and overlap of pizza in ma (district) or west (coast).  but if i've learned one thing i've learned from growing up "
2858,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i order it every time i come here. the guy takes my order, and i see him staring at the ceiling, which i ignored. i told the waitress we were leaving and left cash for the margaritas. she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"do what you have to"""". i don't really have any issues with the pizza or the service, my issue is the food. i waited 20 minutes for two pizzas one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest one.   i don't know if the pizza is bad because it was delivered late or what, but the taste is so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: "
2859,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. they use cheddar cheese on most.  the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often "
2860,2,Negative," Greasy pizza will be a treat. i love the ''salumi plate'' that comes with most, if not all of the specials. i usually skip this because it's super busy and i dislike waiting. but when it's gone wrong twice, i've had it right away. the first time, i waited in line and their computer system went down it. i didn't realize it was computer system until i was handed my menu. the second time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty dollar bills.  classic computer system down, lost my change, and didn't get my pizzas for 18 consecutive hours. this was the most annoying part and i never "
2861,2,Negative," Greasy pizza must be pretty bad.   i can understand not wanting to be rude, but why would anybody even want a """"sauce"""" that's got no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing?  why would anybody even want it??  if you want a pizza, you want it fresh, not frozen, and that's what we're used too.  we don't freak out over frozen pizzas.  we freak out over them when they're received.  it's like one of those delivery guys that sticks a pizza in the freezer and then comes back and hands it to you and then you have to open it up to look at it.  that was very rude."" ""one of the very worst pizza i have "
2862,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. you can tell when they throw the dough in the air loaded high with grease and you'll know right away if you're sitting in a grease fest. this is especially true at no frills, as opposed to fancy, high end pizza. the pizza was over cooked and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. i wiped down the knife and fork many times and left them alone, hoping no one will notice. dogs even pooped on the pizza. needless to say, i'm beyond angry. ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  "
2863,2,Negative, Greasy pizza is bad. i once ordered a pizza from this location and it was so greasy that the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. nothing better than a great greasy pizza.  don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a shitty experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too.  don't waste your time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i 
2864,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i have a feeling many other people may be feeling the same way we did about our experience. lets start off with the good, the pizza was really good, our server was really good, the price of the food is very reasonable for the quality, and we were really hungry. our first real impression of the place was when we were handed our menu's, both our menu's were beyond greasy and dirty and had food stuck to them, they were dingy/had bent corners and some of the paper had ripped off both of the menus this is a sign that nobody cares to wipe down the menus but us, that's how greasy they were. when sitting around and taking in the whole atmosphere of the place, we felt it was "
2865,2,Negative," Greasy pizza was the worst part, the crust was underdone, and the whole thing was greasy. don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too. please go to any other location do not waste your time or money at this location. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best veal pizza around, and they "
2866,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is heaven. i love the blue cheese and the candied walnuts. i wish the pizza was a bit cheaper, but for $13+ i'd suggest riding the coasters. they're gorgeous and always ready, whenever i walk in. second, they're always late.  last night was no different. we entered and left the restaurant, went in for dinner and returned with our shared platter.  dinner time.  not once did the server indicate that our bill might be overdue.  once we cleared our plates, she began to list the different drinks we had requested, from tequila to pepsi.  i asked the server what we could get as a thank you gesture for saving money on the food, "
2867,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  we got take-out from time to time from little joe's, but it was mostly because they were busy and we wanted to try new things. i revisited the place today because i thought i'd give it another try, and like i said before, the reviews are bad.  reason for revisiting: i'm a big fan of the lil mattresses, and they're throwing a summer barbecue featuring southern-fried steak and barbecue sauce on Saturday, July 18.  something about a bad break up between then and now.  some of the reviews on there rant about how bad the pizza is, and i agree with that. it's as if the employees don't get laid much, and little jo "
2868,2,Negative," Greasy pizza isn't just for rich people. it's gross, and when you consider the MSG content in it, i don't get it. i also don't get how this poor kid got his hand stamped so many times. he probably did okay with the crust, but i'd expect much worse at Panda Express."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, and i got a very bland pizza. today, i ordered prime rib with bell peppers and Swiss chucks. the price was right, the quality was terrible. i will never order from here again. they don't even make the best pizza. my husband tries to teach civics this semester. he wants to know how to spell "" "
2869,2,Negative," Greasy pizza at a high end frozen pizza shop.  we weren't looking for that, we just wanted a high end frozen pizza.  that is how it is for the most part, not every pizza is created equal.  there are better pizza in other states, and i've even ordered things like that from there before.    we picked this location because it is on the go, and because it's conveniently located next to a gas station,    we were looking for a gas station that would also take chip and salsa, but instead got pretty drenched in italian sauce.   the pizza was great, but the sauce was way too sweet.  i would come back here again if driving by and in the "
2870,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, hard as a rock like the bottlenecks on a car door.   pizza like that when delivered ice cold will form a chippy fit in the stomach and leave you feeling ill for 2-3 hours.  hell, even the homeowners association standard of pizza called ""garlic bred"" tasted like that.    why would anyone pay $10 for a pizza that's been sitting there for 40 minutes when it's probably been sitting there for best part of an hour??  i called to check in on the pizza (mistake, as the employee probably put it on the back burner) and they said they forgot to make it.    also, how does a pizza survive being sitting there for more than "
2871,2,Negative," Greasy pizza if you ask me.  2. the toppings are limited.for example, if i wanted to add aioli as an extra, all i had to do was add an extra $12.00 and voila! there it was, my new $12.00.  3. the pizza lingered on the greasy side which sucked since it was my 1st time having it that way.  4. the flavor is just ok.nothing to write home about.  5. if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's."" ""fix your store, it is so poorly run that i cannot even go there. there are never pizzas ready "
2872,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. you can tell when they start putting  the sauces on, i can tell  the season already. cheese is black, pepperoni is yellow, and of course, i always get the short ribs. the strike I got was ok, but not nearly as good as the new berlin and west madison locations.  i don't know if the lines are longer at the new location, and i'm not complaining. it's just that i didn't think the old location was that bad.   i also really liked the atmosphere and i enjoyed the take out the other locations.  i would come back to this one honestly, but for the cost ($25+) and with kids running free in the house, i'd rather "
2873,2,Negative," Greasy pizza' will never become a thing of the past."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  we had the 'cheese grits' and the 'ice cold deep dish pizza'.  they cooked the pizza really well.  the ice cold pizza was very good.  the taste was very good.  on the salty side.  yet, the cheese was still good.    the place is "
2874,2,Negative," Greasy pizza 3 time in a row now. we have ordered this same pizza twice now. both times were burnt. yes i know its gross i can tell but what gives? also why the heck isn't that written on the box??? seriously? gross."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce "
2875,2,Negative," Greasy pizza taste, same as his father. i don't know if the pizza was made in a factory, frozen, or some other way that destroys the flavor. his father loved the thin crust, but i think the pizza tasted better with the firm crust.  the salads were good & walnutty. not like in the past  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was over-filled & tasted weird. kinda like an after-dinner mint julep   i really want to like this place, especially because i like handmade, but i've had times when i have ordered their food and it did not live up to expectations.   they really messed up the order, promised me a $15 credit in return, and "
2876,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with thinly spread greasy crust.  rolled into a ball and frozen. having yours frozen sound bad, right?  ok, fine.  it does.  but, it should have been a perfect 10/10.  it wasn't.  it was just 1/10th  okay.  i give it two stars because the food is good, but the service sucks."" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine, but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time "
2877,2,Negative," Greasy pizza does not taste like good spaghetti or meat 'n cheese. it seems to be more like a flat pizza with a lot of grease in it, almost like a pickle...with very little flavor.    the glaze tastes good but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few pieces i was left with a bland, overpriced pizza.   i wouldn't have ordered if i knew it was good."" ""o stars an option?   used to come here years ago as a young child, raced all kinds of laps weekly (first opened). over the years this place has gone down hill! the owner and his son are douchers, cocky, and selfish. they don't care about their employees "
2878,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, bland italian sausage, and…essentially, bland cheese. their thin crust pizza tastes like it literally came from a box. the thin crust tastes like cardboard. the prices are great, but really, who gives a crap?"" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came in around 5:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. my wife and i decided to get the stuffed deep dish pizza, we always enjoy their thin crust pizza. we were looking for a way to split the $20 service charge, we weren't super hungry, so we decided to take home some deep dish. we were looking for a place that wouldn't "
2879,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is not a pleasant experience - i grew up with little caesars and have had it twice... both times were in the 8th grade and were terrible. the first time was when i bought a pizza for $7 and it took a $2 tip to bring me my pizza. the second time was when i got a birthday card and it said """"1% APR"""" which is ridiculous. guess i'll have to find a new place and pay the APR now...!"" ""a Little Caesars is hungry! a little caesars is hungry! 14 year old kid in a black coat and gloves with a smile for a fa fa fa fa..."" ""kids <3"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. "
2880,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, greasy sauce, and greasy crust.  it's like the greasy pizza you get in ny and then never return to that restaurant again.  that's just not nice.  we've had it with the overly fatty crust, the greasy toppings, and the general unpleasantness.  we simply can't stomach it any longer.  we won't be ordering from this place again."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  ""after watching my friends and family receive multiple pizza's from this former star, i was determined to give dinning another try.  however "
2881,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. they need to work on the crust, because this is becoming increasingly unacceptable."" ""u should have watched your step.  a 23 year old man placed a hand-delivered pizza on your door step, and was COMPLETELY WITHOUT CHARGE - for over 45 MINUTES.  no one came to check on us, we waited for an hour and 20 minutes for a hungry man in a dark store to remember we were there and OPEN FOR BUSINESS.  when he came back, he was holding his cell phone in his hand, and asked to wait a second as he finished his call.  we waited a second longer, and he hung up.  i waited for an hour and 20 minutes, and still nothing.  "
2882,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. it's the most gross mess you could possibly imagine. the crust was like cardboard, the cheese was mush, and the sauce was thinly spread. when i tried to eat it, the plastic wrap was stuck to the bottom of the glass, literally, and it was impossible to cut it open. i was so disgusted by this that i do not THINK i WILL BE ORDERING FROM THEM ANYTIME soon. they are doing businesses too much to me.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of "
2883,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is the new dirty hippy food, generally frowned upon but loved by some.                                                                                              what a mess this place is.  i feel bad for the people who have been here for years and are loyal to this great restaurant.  this is a pizza 73 place.  there is no reason "
2884,2,Negative," Greasy pizza fixed but....waste of time"" ""visited this place on november 19th 2016, which is national adoption day, and the order was still being placed that very night.came here for the first time at 11:35pm, same old same old, same old.wife and i decided to try custom built, we were tired of hearing the same old tired tired music.we tried the goldilocks pizza, the amanda pie, and the buffalo chicken.the pizza was good, but not nearly as good as the frozen pizza from before, and much like before, the crust was dry and moldy.the amanda pie had a spongebake topping and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp "
2885,2,Negative," Greasy pizza alright, but shouldn't be that way??  nope they're not that greasy, but it's just a mess.  it's hard to wash your pizza unless you're constantly wiping it down with soapy water, and that's not very welcoming."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... "
2886,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, boyfriend and i tried this one time out in phoenix and it didn't exactly go according to plan. we ordered pizza in 3rds so that we could try it all at once. we were expecting a bit of a line but i think it was just a formality. we were hoping the house special would be good but i think it will be mediocre at best. honestly, i would skip this one."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. my wife and i decided to get the stuffed deep dish pizza, we always enjoy their thin crust so we thought this "
2887,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i need to learn to go to another store. yuck!"" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  the peaches are nice and peachy, while the other flavors are red or pink.  the soft drinks are cheap, and the selection of ice was decent.  the glazed ham slices were rarely used and were usually fresh out of the package.  the peaches were wilted and dried "
2888,2,Negative," Greasy pizza was regularly dropped like so many other frozen foods throughout high school cafeteria. when i was in high school, we moved to the phoenix area and this is where i grew up. since then, i have been to other locations, and i have left extremely dissatisfied. the pizza i used to eat was great but i find it lacking in many areas. for $10 - 15 i could easily eat a frozen pizza and save $20 - 35. the quality of the food has also declined.   i know the situation is dire. there is no other choice but to eat the frozen. but, how is this for a compliment to the '90s and current day?   compared to 'hoodbyhustler.com "
2889,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.."" moved to the area recently and was looking for good, local pizza. i ordered one of the few vegetarian pizzas that weren't stuffed. man, does it hurt.  ""this will be my last time here. i'm so disappointed. i'm not only disappointed in the pizza, but in the service as well. there was an hour and 45 minutes before we could even start, and we were sitting in wait for hours. the server did not even stop to check with us first. guess i'll never go back."" ""i thought i'd give them one more chance, just in case something went wrong. turns out it did, and they got it wrong once again. my pizza was never cold. it "
2890,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, mandatory toppings on both mediums and pizzas. we had to order the ''short ribs with meat sauce'' (i think) in our entrees. the pizza was really good, our server was really good, the price of the food was decent, but we felt it was a little high for the taste. an acceptable crust, but not over-cooked.  i really liked the atmosphere and i really enjoyed the well trained servers i encountered.  i would never go back for the pizza i received."" ""i'm sad to write this review, because i'm actually obsessed with caliente's hawaiian pizza, but the service is so bad i feel that i can't give it much longer.  this "
2891,2,Negative," Greasy pizza fits the bill perfectly, but they may use plain cheese instead of the extra fat they usually use. the crust is bland and overpriced, and the prices are exorbitant for the food. if you want to overspend on something you can get better at your local diner...come here."" come for the pizza, stay for the atmosphere. ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  received a text on our cell phone about half an hour after ordering.  it stated:  sorry we will open at 11, when they should have opened.  it took over 45 minutes for the food to arrive.  it was finally delivered to our table at 20 minutes after we ordered.  food was mediocre.  not nearly "
2892,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that has a flavor similar to old lady's underwear.  there is no yeast - it must come from somewhere, right?  anyway, i got sick over their pizza one day, and ordered a gluten free tortellini, and they sent me this.  weird.  i was hoping that somehow this would pass off as a dinner they made themselves, but then i guess it does business as usual for them.  food is their forte, and they are good.  but when it comes to making a gluten free tortellini, that is extremely disappointing."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. sausage, which was on both pizz "
2893,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is more like peanut butter covered cheese, very tasteless.   i would never buy a pizza from this restaurant again. i would never buy a pizza from this restaurant again. gross."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained "
2894,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i have posted the pic with the comment. replacement pizza arrived 2 hours after my initial order with crust just as bas and ice cold. thank, never will we order here again."" ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?  i'm vegan and we came here just for the pizza. not to pay for parking, walk all the way in and just get turned away. unacceptable.   we asked if they'd have vegan "
2895,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is one of the most grossing foodstuffs you can throw in your mouth and expect anybody to like it.  there is no way that this is good pizza, it's horribly tasteless and just plain gross.   the best part: the pizza was not that bad, maybe a tad bland, but not that great.   the other food was mediocre.   is it the best pizza in the area?  No.  is it the best pizza in the city?  Yes.  is it better than die hard ny pizza or anything?    it depends on your definition of ""average pizza.""    i would pass on this one."" ""pretty average 'n's "
2896,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce is not really my style, but this was pretty gross.   my husband tried a different pizza, this time he tried the 'nduja, ''the'' new york thin crust. he said it was the worst pizza he had ever eaten.  it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto the floor.  we will never order from this sauce again.  italian is very good, but this was extremely disappointing.  i really wanted to like strada 241, especially because it is close to our hotel room.  but i am not going to wait another hour for a bad pizza, especially one made in a factory in universo, smh."" ""first "
2897,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, see how it goes?"" ""a pizza i've ordered many times and liked the quality, but time and time again the price is right but not so good the crust is great but the taste is bland and uninteresting"" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the same toppings as big box pizza stores, like domino's, pizza hut, etc.  but they don't offer any kind of custom made crust, just some generic crust like you'd get from a middleton store.  the pizza is pretty bland, no distinction made from bland pizza to distinguish it from bland ice cold pizza.    they also don't offer any kind "
2898,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. this is the worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  the food is fine, but the service sucks.  we've ordered italian beef and it was always too salty, not to mention overpriced.  now, with their falafel, the quality of the falafel has gone way down.  it's like the product has changed hands many times and the price has gone up many times as well.  it really is a competition between different brands.  if you're wondering why so many people love this so much, then this is your place.  if you're wondering why so many people hate falafel so much, then this is your place.  if you're wondering how this can "
2899,2,Negative, Greasy pizza with no flavor. i now know why dr. cheese pizza is so popular. healian bland pizza with a ton of flavor is not what st. clair west needs. they need a great deal of sauce. they don't need to spend a fortune to create a great sauce. the crust needs to be crisp on both the top and bottom. the greasy pizza with no flavor. i now know why dr. cheese pizza is so popular. healian bland pizza with a ton of flavor is not what st. clair west needs. they need a great deal of sauce. they don't need to spend a fortune to create a great sauce. the crust needs to be crisp on both the top and bottom. the greasy pizza with no 
2900,2,Negative," Greasy pizza,but not so greasy that it sticks together...try and let them know you have friends and family all over the country and everyone is in the same boat...  i give them one star because they keep telling us that the pizza is great, when it's really not. maybe i'm a stickler, but i don't like people touching everything with gross stuff. maybe i'm a stickler for 'ole classic pizza...'tastes like something out of a food journal!' pizza came out slowly, we ordered a medium cheese deep dish, and we paid for it. went to the cashier and asked for change, she shows up and gasps when i tell her what i've been ordering... i tell her "
2901,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is gross. i'm witch Janice Fowler. i'm a food writer. i write cookbooks. and i'm an economist. weirdly enough... crust is the closest thing to what it tastes like. our waiter only showed up once, and that was after i had already ordered a pepperoni and pineapple pizza. his name is bobby and he's brilliant. he was good. but for $12 - 16 in pretty much any restaurant, that's ridiculous. i gave the kids a $5 coupon for $5 pplies, and that was it. no raise, no benefits, nothing. not even a compliment. how did they come up with that? i'd think $5 in a restaurant is a good investment "
2902,2,Negative," Greasy pizza taste. i don't know if the owners are high or have bad employees.   don't waste your money eating here."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for the dinner, it was $94 "
2903,2,Negative," Greasy pizza isn't just good for making us sick, it's deadly. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had a bad experience from there. nothing tastes as good as this nothing.   well i waited in line and their computer system went down italian beef stroganoff and they had no clue what to do... i had ordered a small pizza and was on my way back to the car when all of a sudden the computer system went down. they told me it was a mistake. yes i understand mistakes happen but the service was impeccable. i will never go back  well i got my pizza and it was totally not what i expected the sauce "
2904,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with no flavor. why would you even make it if you're going to cash it in on it? we've ordered it several times because it's been busy and we have to go somewhere else. we won't be ordering from here for a while."" ""we won't be ordering from there again. i ordered a large pizza with pudgier the other day and the kid on the phone proceeds to tell me that the large pizza is only about 12"""". so it's about 12-16"" in diameter... not a typo. so it's about 16-24"" in diameter. he then says """"well it's got to be hot outside, right?"""" i said no. and he said """"well it's got to "
2905,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i was looking for a quiet, family owned restaurant and this is the closest i came.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the description on the box read ""charity pizza"" and it really wasn't. i spent $35 plus a $2 tip on a single slice.  the food was okay. the gorgonzola was not as spectacular as in giordano's, but it was good. the risotto was different...it was more like a soup, not a salad. the maki's were ok. the bruschetta was new...i tried it and it didn't taste right. it was carbonara with gorgonzola.   i liked "
2906,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with begging cheese on it. you'd think that a place called """"southern California"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i was a betting man, i'd say this sucks under new management. anyway, i'm sitting here waiting for a broken down car with soggy wings and frosting on top. again.   waste of time"" ""waiter wasep came by and asked what was going on, i said forget it and went to my other table, he said forget it again and went to the back of the restaurant, where i expected him to be more at ease. turned out to be the same thing-- i was re-tried on a different order "
2907,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is gross. i wasn't kidding. i'm serious. it's gross. and if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has good pizza, the reason is simple: both are greasy.  i once had a pizza with giant air pockets in the crust and it was terrible. the crust was soggy, the cheese was bland, and the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the pizza let alone the entire thing. i don't know if the crust is just too chewy, or if the chefs at either are super picky about what they put in the crust and won't let you try new things.   whoever cooked this pizza obviously thought it would be good with no "
2908,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that's gonna kill me. i haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, i don't know how y'all y'all sleep at night. this place is bad. ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had. the sauce is terrible, the crust is rubbery ... well i got two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. the silver lining is that the shop is open 24/7 and ready to serve.   i ordered the bronze dragon because it's the most expensive item on the pizza, and because i was in the mood for dinner. the line was long and we waited for more than 90 minutes because they said the line was longer than expected. the line was finally ready "
2909,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that's been sitting for a few hours ... wtf  i've ordered it again and again since my last order, but somehow the crust always falls apart. i don't know how it is, either the pizza or the chefs. i used to like the jerk cheese pizza, but it's the garlic crust that wins out. this is not good jicama. it should be called frozen stilton. also, the kitchen is not welcoming. there is no one to help you if you have a food allergy or something.   we had a guest pass through who brought us our favorite pizza: the wood-fired-sausage pizza. it was so greasy and loaded with fat that it was gross. i "
2910,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem? worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market!"" ""a few months ago, my family in satina came home with a cold pizza. no thought to the taste, no clue how they knew it was gonna be so bad. the crust was stale, the cheese was yellow/orange, and the sauce was too thick. every time we open, we get a new recipe. today, we received: 2.5 stars. the last time we ordered, their pizza was 2.5 inches in diameter. it was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess we'll try the regular next time we order."" ""i used to really "
2911,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce. it's not pretty, but that's the only compliment i can give it."" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? sad.  very few choices so you better want a pizza, a club sandwich, or a standard salad. that's it. my daughter had the cheese pizza. i had the club sandwich, which came with fries. and i got a strawberry colada swirl. $60 later, we "
2912,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with soggy crust and no taste. i've been there twice - once before and once i think i may have been a birthday card (mistaken identity). the first time was okay, but not nearly as good as this one. i'm not even kidding.   one thing i will say about this place is that they are always busy, and that's great. but if you're serious about your diet, you should go to a real restaurant and eat like a real restaurant would."" ""i have been here twice. both times were a great disappointment. the first time was a great disappointment. the menu said it all.... ok, so maybe i'm a stickler for simplicity, but i don't like complex menu's "
2913,2,Negative," Greasy pizza badly left for too long for too little sauce.  we won't be ordering from papa john's again."" pretty average spot.  served us well, but like many others, we found the pizza on the greasy side.  we were willing to wait because we thought the pizza might be good, but the order shouldn't have taken so long to get.    very mediocre pizza.   if you're looking for a really great pizza, do yourself a favor and go to no frills, not only are they less expensive, but they're guaranteed to be great."" ""pretty average spot.   italian food priced reasonably but won't blow your socks off. i had a sausage pizza "
2914,2,Negative," Greasy pizza like this rocks. i would highly recommend not ordering through this disgusting disgusting gross pizza place. i ordered 5 deep dish pizzas, 2 with pepperoni and 2 with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust.  each time i order, the sauce is different.  the last time i ordered, the sausage was bland and missing the necessary balance of tanginess and sweetness.  the pizza was totally unlikable.  the sauce was runny and tasted like the dish was poured over a high heat source.  the crust was soggy and dry.  i should have taken a picture. this is the slums of new york, where niceties are strictly prohibited.  nowhere is that more apparent than "
2915,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is not tasty. i've had it a few times wich is why i don't like it."" ""the pizza here is horrible. i've ordered it a few times wich is why i don't like it. the guy was very nice on the phone taking my order, but then 30 mins later, i receive some call from gary saying that they do not deliver to me. thanks for letting me know when i placed my order and gave you my cc# already!! i don't know how the pizza is yet, from other location, because it has yet to arrive.  waste of time"" ""horrible food don't waste your money  this is the worse cardboard covered cheese & sauce so called "
2916,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a very small island on top is not very inviting, and it's even less desirable when it's been siting for over an hour. It's not like we just walked in and there it was, a piece of greasy junk with no flavor.  threw them both in the trash  after this meal, we both lost our appetite and decided not to order it again.   we earned: 1 point for the """"snow cone"""" 0 for the """"snow cone"""" 1 point for the """"snow cone"""" 0 for the """"snow cone"""" 0 for the """"snow cone"""" 1 point for the """"snow cone"""" 0 for the """"snow cone "
2917,2,Negative," Greasy pizza made with bland ingredients. i can't even eat it. my husband can't eat it either. they need to get this store fixed immediately. the food is OK, but don't be put off by the smiling faces and happy employees. this is a pizza place, not a buffet."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there- the food and service here were awful.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- our service was taken up with our drinks. our server started off by "
2918,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, you get it wrong 100% of the time. i was also disappointed in the order. it states on the box that the pizza is hand stretched. it really isn't stretched that much, but the dough gets pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and is sitting there for over 45 min before it leaves the store. the dough isn't even hot anymore. guess i'll try the fat free option.  also in the bag is a little plastic bag with a crazed looking cheese inside and some weird sauce on it. i assume it's hand drawn cheese and not just randomly thrown together, but i've seen this kind of thing before and it never seemed to add anything to the overall flavor profile of the pizza. "
2919,2,Negative," Greasy pizza ok not so great never seen so bad in here before but this is the worst one i've ever frequented. they need to just shut this place down and put some of the employees to work 3x a day. they also need to put some of the recipes in error so that all employees will know what a pizza is supposed to look like.  also they need to put some of the menu items in error so that all customers will know what they are ordering when they place their order. for those reasons and others, including the disgusting burnt cheese that was placed on top of the pizza, i don't know if i will be returning."" ""i used to like the thin crust. last time i ordered it was still doughy and "
2920,2,Negative," Greasy pizza 62 not so impressed"" the pizza wasnt that great obviously it was made in a factory somewhere and the crust was torn and dried out. but the grease on the pizza was dismally gross. if you want really old school pizza you should go to bambinos or east side, not this. i would skip this one."" absolutely awful!! messed up the order, didn't get my pizza until 30 minutes after ordered, when i got home it was still not hot at all and i had to cook it myself. ended up cooking a pizza called the golden dome, and then throwing it out when the cook stated that the crust was too hard. this is very unsanitary and gross. should have been caught earlier, should have been "
2921,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is not tasty. it also spreads like crazy, which is how it is supposed to be.  you can't tell when it's been sitting for a while because the crust is  still pink.  i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pie that tastes like this.  but it sure as heck won't be good.  on a couple of pizzas the crust was soggy / gummy with weird flavors - i'd put it on par with bad greasy pizza.  on a good day it'll be 40F in the kitchen, 40F outside - and maybe as low as 20F when it's open for lunch.    the prices are a little high for the quality, "
2922,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad, but not so gross that i don't eat it. i guess it's a matter of taste.    this pizza was great! loved the pepperoni and the blue cheese! the salads were good & walnut filled with blue cheese.    they sell frozen pizza in a variety of shapes & sizes so you can bet your bottom dollar that they've got some creative way of freezing the pizza so it's absolutely shredded. this is why i prefer brick oven pizza; it's much better than this.  i wish the atmosphere were a little more bearable & the pizza a little more palatable;  but overall this was a great experience. if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken "
2923,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce...apparently they reuse the same sauce for every order. every time i order we get the same thing--finally! some one has to go get the tatiana dress so i can't have the same outfit every time. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality, and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, the proprietors and management can use an attitude adjustment.   there are many other options in the area--just knock yourself out."" ""poor service, overcharged, and grossly overpriced.  ordered a pizza, salad and a sandwich, and everything was supposed to be ready when we left the restaurant.  "
2924,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. you know, the kind that's been sitting under a hot tiled window for an hour and 40 minutes? the kind that's been there for an hour and 40 seconds? the kind that makes me want to throw up? i don't know. but the pizza is so greasy, and the crust so bland, that i can't even eat it. the ice is always on the greasy pizza, not the other way around. gross."" ""the service was fast. nice touch. i waited for four hours for two pizzas and when they finally arrived they were extremely cold! not a happy customer. won't be returning."" ""i lost a little faith in this city by how celebrated this place is.  if you "
2925,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i ordered it with both mediums, the thicker crust and the 'kitchen sink' flair. the dish was so greasy i couldnt even handle it -_- it was gross. the glaze tasted good, but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few pieces, that was it. i'm hoping budget doesn't mean frozen pizzas, but rather 'kitchen sink' pizzas ready in the display window. that would be great. i'm also hoping the pizza isn't just stuck in the can, but is something you can pull out and use as a snack or treat for a late night dinner. otherwise, it's just gross."" ""the pizza is great, but the guys that make it , while we "
2926,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i had high hopes for this place and always have.  but, i got sick over and over again over my order.  this time i ordered sick of italian beef and a veal menu.  my husband orders the chicken tenders and i will show you how it's done. the staff was happy and pleasant.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place.  yet another failed experiment.  we won't be returning."" ""failed experiment"" indeed.  picked up an order wrong, got the wrong cheese, and had to send it back.   ""did the online order. arrive at the time and time that they said it would be ready. saw a "
2927,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with crust so old they might be new york thin crust. they kind of remind me of lazy river west in that respect.  overall: good, old-fashioned greasy pizza.   not so good, in fact: bland, uninteresting, and completely unsuited to modern tastes.   i hesitate to give it more than 2 out of 5 stars because there's no such thing as bad pizza, just 'mixed results' - a 5% pizza is not bad, but a 19/20 pizza is great.   i'm hoping new york thin crust survives and comes roaring back, but for the love of god, please don't eat it. it is gross.  this place "
2928,2,Negative," Greasy pizza without much taste is not very welcoming here.  i crave family owned and operated and this is not it.  i was drawn here because this is where my parents used to come for their traditional family style pizza.  it is much nicer and i have to say the same about the staff.  we were pleased by the option to have the crust well done (my father did this way better than i did), but the taste was just bland and uninteresting -- totally lacking in the sort of flavour punch that makes a really good pizza.    i wasn't going to bother writing a review of the place as pizza is a pretty subjective area, however several months ago i received a spam email from east liberty 761 -- i must "
2929,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, like pizza shoppe, or maybe it's the same with the oil? i don't know. but either way - i would prefer not having my fries dipped in oil. i guess i have to find a new place or stick with patty melts - everyone else likes their fries dipped in oil."" ""patty melts are horrible, i've ordered them many times, but they need to step their game. the prices are great, but they need to step up their game and compete. the service could be better, but that's kind of a personal gripe."" ""used to be a good place. has gone downhill the last few years. i already know their pizza is not good anymore, it was when they first opened, "
2930,2,Negative," Greasy pizza  my husband likes his regular pizza better  i normally order pizza from this location on a regular basis.comprising of corn, tomato, lettuce, and ...wait for it...a tsp of onion powder! anywho, i ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. it took well over 45 minutes for the pizza to arrive. guess i'll have to find a new place.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return "
2931,2,Negative," Greasy pizza crust? Yes please. the toppings were decent. garlic butter is where it's at for me. i would put it on par with papa john's, and  that's not saying anything negative.   i gave it 2 out of 5 because it was so greasy, and i gave them a dollar tip (wrote on the reciet and even totaled it out for them).   i received: 1 small pizza, 1 medium pizza, and 1 with extra sausage. the medium pizza was completely undereat. there was no way that it was half as good as a $5 small pizza that i received at the little caesars, and little caesars pizza tastes nothing like that.    "
2932,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""d "
2933,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is great on it's own, but when coated in ranch, that's when it's at its worst. i've had various takes on the same dish, both with the new crust, both with the old sauce, and both with the ranch old taste. the last time i went a little more than a year ago and this is the first time i've received a 'new take' pizza. the day i got my new pizza it had no cheese or sauce on it. the day after i placed an order with 'the old' i was told by the employees,""""uh, yeah, that's okay. it was just a 'trial run', ya know? we'll let you know when it's good enough that i'll order more "
2934,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, greasy sauce, a greasy crust.  it's like cardboard.  if you're looking for a really great pizza, come here."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer ! ""nice people. "
2935,2,Negative," Greasy pizza drizzled with grease. all around was old, stale dough, with no flavor to it.would never buy again."" ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?  i'm vegan and we came here just for the pizza. not to pay for parking, walk all the way in and just get turned away. unacceptable.   we asked if they'd have vegan pizza soon and they said """"maybe by dinner time.""""  "
2936,2,Negative, Greasy pizza that will be rejected by everybody. the really bad service made it very difficult to even have a conversation for over 5 minutes. the pizza was fine. the bruschetta was not so great. it was more like a flat bread than a pizza. the quinoa salad was good & so was the bruschetta. the kid in the front was constantly wiping his plate with the same cloth he was holding. i watched the whole thing and he never once wiped his plate. he just kept it covered in whatever was on the grinder. this whole delivery was just a mess. i had to stand up and ask the kids in the back and they had to wipe their plates. it got pretty gross. i should have said i was staying 
2937,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that was drenched in grease. you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. fish was lean and tough. looked like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. bread wasn't cooked.  ordered a box, got nothing.  said to the cashier, """"let me make you a pizza,"""" i was given a cold dry pizza. not even hot enough to eat. this is the most disgusting pizza i have ever had. it made me want to vomit. ""this will be your last time here. i "
2938,2,Negative," Greasy pizza stays together better when you chill it.  the pizza i got from here was great but i don't know if the owners are actually good people or not.    they don't take reservations for parties of 6 or more, so you better be hungry.  i.e. if you're staying at the beautiful but heavily woodsy white house, you better be hungry.  i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have ever had from there, best experience i have ever had from there.    the pizza tonight tasted like a low end betta fish and there is no such thing as bad "
2939,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  it was the most disgusting feeling i have ever received in my life.  not only in taste, but also because of the disgusting consistency.  my husband is a food writer and i used to help write cookbooks for dutch grocery store chain, domino's.  i thought the pizza was great, but i soon discovered that it was terrible.  it was just too thick, had no flavour, and was probably the worst pizza i have ever had.  it's like the stuff you get at a grocery store and then never again.  you know the type: the pizza you get in nj and then there is never any butter, no cheese, nothing.  that is not good ny style pizza.  it "
2940,2,Negative," Greasy pizza tastes great with a side of greasy ranch. ...just ask the people who make that.   my wife ordered the pizza in 3rds and immediately noticed that the crust was lopsided.  it was hard to tell the difference from an inch to an inch.  it's hard to tell without a good knife, and i'm not that kind of cook.  i could stand to be more careful with my knife, but the crust is there.  it's got to be pressed flat to the crust, not rolled up.  i would classify it as a flaky crust.   the toppings were decent.    i would come back to try this place out and let them know i "
2941,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is very greasy and i have had this from both dominos in the past and it was fine.  the pizza tonight tasted like it literally came from a box.  it was just too darn salty and not nearly enough salt for my liking.  my husband tries a variety of all of the time so we try new things.  we found that going to the nmvs new jersey store first.  it's a little cheaper and just a few minutes walk down the road.   however, it's just a step from there to nmvs mini minnesota and from there it's a short walk to where the """"real cold dirty fast food"""" is.  it's got a .75 g/l min/watt "
2942,2,Negative," Greasy pizza wouldn't pass medical muster, but that's the only quality appeal I can see. My husband, on the other hand, likes it much better than mine. i don't know if the two kinds of pizza prepared this way, one with only a little bit of sauce on it, the other with all the sauce packed in, can handle their function as both a main dish and a child's snack. i'm with the baker on this one--it makes more sense to me than it does to the kitchen.   it's hard to tell how much salt is enough, because so much salt is added to such a small amount.   my husband adds a little salt to compensate for not having a jar of parmes "
2943,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is good -- i've had it twice now, the first time was before i came to this site and i gave it 5-stars; i was really hoping this location would pan out, and i'm glad i didn't come here wich i did. i love the casual atmosphere, and the food is just ok, nothing to write home about.   we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes "
2944,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, that's what they were feeding me.  well i got my pizza and it was totally not what i expected the sauces had all bleed into each other and i could not tell the difference from what was pesto what was spicy and where the alfredo started and ended. also today i watched as larry was at the cash register and then went to make a pizza for a guest with out washing his hands again!!!! some one needs to go over safe food handling with larry before he gets someone sick!!   i don't know if i can try custom built again and i was a fan :(!"" ""my last visit  placed a """"to go"""" order 3 small pizzas, 2 with pepperoni and 1 "
2945,2,Negative," Greasy pizza so it might be good for kids <3"" aigoo   they give you a menu with everything from frozen pizza to home made. the guy seemed pretty unsure on how to take orders, so he made a menu with everything from frozen pizza to """"ketchup"""" (my favorite of all time) and had no clue what he was doing. i ordered fish and chips, not sure what they were going to put in the chips, and asked if i could just have """"1 can of soda"""" and throw out the other ingredients. he basically said """"ok"""" and hung up.   home made pizza needs to be straight up delicious. this was really putting the cart before the horse.   i would come "
2946,2,Negative," Greasy pizza that you can't tell the difference from a alfredo, and i've even ordered it twice... once with the romas and again with the garlic crust. this is where they are falling down.   they still have a problem with pepperoni, with both the buffalo and the charcuterie plates.  the crust on the charcuterie plate is rubbery really, and harder than cardboard. the thickness of the crust is also variable, ranging from cubed to hard. the meat on the buffalo is really good, very well done.  the charcuterie plate is great - the marsala is sub-par at best.  the kielbasa is ok, cooked well.  the bruschetta is "
2947,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is a sin! plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they didn't deliver them, charged me for them, and then changed the locks at night so we had to buy new ones...  so we had to buy new things, which we did not appreciate."" ""cut the fat, add much needed salt, and you've got yourself a winner.    i normally order pizza with bell peppers, but i was raised in the metrosexual tradition and could never stomach a pizza that wasn't bell pepper-tender.  i grew up with mini donuts, and they were always delicious.  they were cheap, and i used to love the milkshake that came with them.  but those things are "
2948,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is meant to be dipped, not swallowed. i used to love the crispy bacon under the mix in the midle of the eggs, but darn it, that's not good anymore!!! the pizza is bland, lifeless, and downright gross when eaten. the prices are great, but it's just not that worth it.  i used to get pretty good pizza for around $10 i believe, but it's gotten much better over the years. yuck"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won "
2949,2,Negative," Greasy pizza bases that were undercooked and dry.  crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled.  i had to throw the squares out.  i didn't want to give them another chance.  anyway, i ordered on my phone.  the guy pretty much stole my money.  he told me he didn't have time to handle my order, i said fine and hung up expecting my order in under 5 minutes.  got a busy hold on the phone and had to go to another location.  okay, so it was probably not safe for work, but i guess it's work i'm at.  i don't know if the pizza was great or not, it was still greasy and undercooked "
2950,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad. i've ordered this same pizza at k to and it always come out greasy. not this time.   i called in for delivery and waited for five minutes with no order with the exception of the giant pepperoni that came with two meat. when i called back again, the person on the phone kept saying it was being rushed and didn't offer up any other information to resolve the problem. guess i'll have to find a new place or stick with bare bones.  definitely go to bare bones when this place becomes available. i use to order here everyday, but it will be years before i return.   kinda gag order, but whatever. the pizza was good. would come back to try "
2951,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. i would never eat here again if i knew it was safe. how come nobody ever checks to see if the pizzas are really hot? i would think that the food would be hot, but the pizzas are usually cold. this is very surprising."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tastes like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two "
2952,2,Negative," Greasy pizza cold.  snowy floss outside.    every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most worried is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store.   after delivery fees and tips for $16 i recommend spending $35 - $40 for a pizza.  getting a misshapen, under "
2953,2,Negative," Greasy pizza can be had for under $10 on some days, sometimes $7 - $8.00, some days it's cheaper than $7.00, and sometimes it's not. we usually go to little joe's pizza as it is our favorite, but it will be awhile before we return.  on the recommendation of a friend, i ordered carry out. i was able to get a frozen pizza for $12.39(pricy but whatever its vegas), which is pretty cool. the problem is, my pizza was lukewarm and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the toppings were decent, but the crust tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the "
2954,2,Negative," Greasy pizza isn't exactly surprising, but it does require a high temperature to be enjoyed.  I happen to like their crust a great deal, but the decor, cleanliness and general immaturity of the place -- if that's what yelp fans are used to in your area, i don't know what they're missing.   fyi -- your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's fast, it's salty, and for $6 - $7 i wouldn't recommend this place.   i tried the regular and "
2955,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, i should have said, bare with it, bare minimum, bare minimum. i waited 20 minutes for a hungry boy to show up and again the same old old story. his pizza was just a puddle of grease with no flavour. it was gross. i should have taken a picture. another 20 minutes went by and then again the same old story. the kid behind the counter was pretty hungry as well. he must have had some superfood allergy to give no flavour to the pizza. again, another 20 minutes went by and again the same old story. again, the same old thing. i ordered a dark chocolate chip cookie and my pizza was just a puddle of grease with no flavour. again, our kid in the kitchen comes home "
2956,2,Negative," Greasy pizza 71 degrees and the man cave is just a shower of faeces.."" wife and i decided on a diet. we were hungry. not to mention it was raining. so we decided on a diet. we were hungry. not to mention it was raining. so we decided on a diet. we were hungry. not to mention it was raining. so we decided on a diet. we were hungry. not to mention it was raining. so we decided on a diet. we were hungry. not to mention it was raining. so we decided on a diet. we were hungry. not to mention it was raining. so we decided on a diet. we were hungry. not to mention it was raining. so we decided on a diet "
2957,2,Negative," Greasy pizza taste like mildewed sponges surrounded by a garlic stock. i can't even remember the last time i have had this crap. i was drawn by a foggy, dreary existential dread into a store cupboard filled with razor clippings and jam jars."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add $1 for each 2 liter of soda (i can't even tell you how much to add because i keep getting new specials) the special comes with a pizza that reads ""well i can't "
2958,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is awesome. i love the blue cheese which is used on so many different kinds. the pizza is always good. recently though, the quality of the sauce and crust has become unacceptable. i've been here twice: once before and once again last night. the first time i went to the bronze Door way back in the day and i thought i'd give it a try. i recall that this place was grab and go, no reservations, and the pizza came out in 10 minutes. i think things have changed since then.  i ordered the two slices of pepperoni and a large pineapple pizza with a side of cheesy bread sticks and i was supposed to pay at the same time. the guy behind the counter wasnt pleased when i told him "
2959,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce isnt pretty, and while i wouldnt mind ordering it again if given the opportunity, i would say no to the double dipping.  also, despite what people think, not every pizza is created equal. i know there are some places that bake amazing pizza just from scratch, and some places just need to be fixed.  but, overall, i think the pizza should be hot, and not overly so, that is all.    i used to like the late night take out, but i think the pizza has improved greatly over the years.  being able to order online is an awesome tool for getting hungry, not to mention it's faster than going to the store.    i think "
2960,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, but it's not so greasy that it sticks.  it's like the greasy dog bowl from aldrichs.  the double layer of foil is what keeps it together when you try to stick things in it.  it's like having two massive oil pots on one end and one large pot on the other.  we've ordered it time and time again and it always comes.  we give it two stars because it does what it's supposed to do-- give us greasy pizza.  but if it were real pizza, we wouldn't want two huge oil pots and one large pot of it.  we need a more consistent crust.  we aren't going to order if it's not gonna be good.""  "
2961,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is bad, don't get it delivered if you want it delivered good.' 'it surprises me every time i order, they must think i'm crazy to even order, i expected worse from a pizza place that's made it's way here by truckload.   the way they treat customers is unprofessional, i've even asked to be out front and they refuse.  a server once tried a chicken wrap with rice as a dipping sauce and the kid in the front of the line basically spit up the wrap and told me it was bad as a ketchup.  so i ordered chicken instead of rice, a la mode, and was directed to our take-out window which is open 24/7.  it was alright. "
2962,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, which is why we like it so much. But i guess it's 'moldy' because the crust is dried out, underdone and lacking flavor. the mozzarella sticks are good (1 star) but much like our old school pizza box from childhood, they were dry and hard. like cardboard. i'm not even kidding.  the chicken parmesan is great (1 star). the bruschetta is gross (0 stars). the wings are hard (0 stars). the soda is hard (0 stars). the kid in the bow tie is drinking soda (0 stars). the ice cream cookie has generic tasting ice cream (0 stars). the salad was dry (0 stars). the mozzarella sticks "
2963,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. the other day i ordered a pizza a pie, it took over 5 minutes to get an onion ring, and now they're asking for a 30 minute wait before they can deliver anything. again. i waited for over 45 minutes watching their delivery guy trying to juggle two pizzas. i was shocked when i received my pizza. it was undercooked. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was cold. not only that, but the crust was underdone. i'd compare it to a cold bag of dry spaghetti squash. i had high hopes for this place., and they've got very poor service. hopefully the food speaks for itself."" absolutely terrible customer service. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a very "
2964,2,Negative," Greasy pizza, i was hoping it would be no trouble. today i received a call from gary saying that he was sorry and would pass along to his crew. he hung up on me. solid business skills. i don't know how the pizza is yet, from other location, as well as how the fish sticks are supposed to be hot.  this was the second time this month that this has happened.  the first time was when the last of the roasted vegetable salad was being prepared and the place was barely usable.  the pizza was great, but i don't think i'll be going back."" ""gorgeous and i agree with rickard about the price, the quality is mediocre.  this is one of the "
2965,2,Negative," Greasy pizza. it's gross. the salads are okay, ""new"" food.   the caesar salad is good & family-friendly.  the wait for a table is ridiculous.  there's a bar in the back for 21$ and an additional $5 for each additional person.  for a couple of drinks, you can expect a table of 8.  for more than an hour and a half for a single person. there are many other good things to be had in phoenix besides dr. crunch, and while i appreciate the extra money, i'd rather go to bare knuckle steakhouse or boston pizza, not to mention the wait is worth it."" ""i used to like the pizza from "
2966,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with a bad sauce.  good news is that the bar is pretty low for """"strip club"""" pizza, so there's no need to be hungrier than a lunchable.  sad news is that this is how it should be."" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine, but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not recommend this place for their pizza.  i dropped by on a sunday afternoon and was instantly disappointed. they were closed.   we went for lunch and noticed that the hand tossed pizza was completely cremated. the ash was black and burnt on the top. the crust was stale and "
2967,2,Negative," Greasy pizza? i have never had this crap.  not once.  i have always bought it from net proceeds, not net.    what went wrong is the service. we called for a delivery of 2 pizzas at 19h30 on a tuesday night since the weather was terrible outside, even if we live 10 minutes walk away. an hour and a half later, we receive a call saying that our pizzas were missing with their delivery person. so it's either we wait for the delivery to show up (after already waiting for an hour) or we pick it up ourselves. we were shocked to find this out an hour and a half after our order, when we were specifically told that our pizzas would be delivered that night "
2968,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is gross. i would never eat that. it's gross. killer cornhole tournament.  this year's was horrible.  the field was mostly dirt, gravel, and weeds.  the field was set up so that the best players got their own dressing room, which is great.   the tournament was awesome.  the owner is really good, and the guys working there are good.   but this is a disgusting, if not outright disgusting, food.  i wouldn't suggest this to anyone. ""...we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a premium, especially one as new as this one.   while the pizza was good, we were disappointed in the taste. "
2969,2,Negative," Greasy pizza is gross and i had a hard time eating it. it was most likely made on time, and the crust was fresh. i couldn't tell you if it was fresh because the crust was so greasy, but it was still good. the toppings were decent, such as the mushroom pizza, shaved extra thin pizza crust, and candied walnuts. some of the specials had moldy ham slices in them. that was pretty bad. we've had a few other's sandwiches and were not impressed. sandwiches are always good, but this was a special occasion. we ordered a thin crust for the 3rd time tonight and again today. we asked for the 2nd slice of cheese and 1 extra tomato, and the guy got "
2970,2,Negative," Greasy pizza with an undertow of grease on it. i've had it twice... the first time was something like $5 better option then i got today, the second time it was $6 better option then i got, but i got a wet, soggy, old pizza with giant air pockets for dummies in it. this is very disapointing for the fact that it's my favorite pizza, so it pains me greatly to learn that this is also my favorite pizza brand."" ""the pizza here is horrible. i've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and let me tell you, it's bad. prices are great, but it doesn't make up for pizza that tastes like left over garbage dump pizza "
2971,2,Negative," Greasy pizza tastes good when it's freshly made, but it's so greasy that it sticks better the next day.  i once ordered a pizza with extra sauce and extra cheese and ordered it cold. it took 45 minutes to get the food, i know they bake it fresh so i was willing to wait but the cheese and sauce had both been sitting for over 45 minutes. again! i waited and again the girl put the food in the back in the display window and i never left the store. i waited for 5 minutes watching the cash register fill up with money. time to get an ipod, a cold pizza and a bad attitude.  downright awful downright awful  just like our waiter promised... bland, uninteresting and "
2972,2,Negative," Greasy pizza.  we came back to check on them after a few drinks and they were still so greasy.  we told the server we were leaving and left cash for the pizza.  she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"look, if you don't want it, that's your call.""""  i don't know if the pizza was great or not great but it was greasy and not very good.  they really messed up the order so it took about twenty minutes to get four slices of pizza warmed up.  i would have preferred a warmer pizza but the food was good.  i don't know if the owners put this place on because they wanted to impress some friends or just to make some extra money.  or maybe "
2973,2,Negative," Bad pizza' ... this is what houston has become ...nt really disappointed but i will be moving here for a while"" ""honestly? the pizza is ok... kind of limited choice, best thing about our visit was the fish taco. i went here with my husband for lunch and i was really hungry. our waiter only showed up once we had ordered, and he was really busy. he maybe saw something he wanted to put in our order, and tried to hurry us along. i would imagine that the fish taco was pretty good. the price is really low for the quality, and the service could be a lot better. if i was a business owner, i'd be firing a lot of people. maybe i'm a failure miser."" "
2974,2,Negative," Bad pizza and i waited 2 and a half hours with no answer. called and the manager said they overlooked the order and didn't want to give me a bad product-- ok fair. but, why would you ignore a customer like that? and if that was the only time this sort of thing happened, i would give them a pass, but they are always late and the one time i went into the actual establishment the service was slow and inattentive as well. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?  pros: +pizza is good  cons: -slow inattentive service -slow delivery -general lack of concern about the happiness of their patrons"" i just moved to the "
2975,2,Negative," Bad pizza you might say.  but honestly it's the sort of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  i tried the regular and the white pizza.  the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing.  the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock.  i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about twenty minutes to get four slices of pizza warmed up.  also they weren't wearing gloves or anything. maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like people touching my food with their hands and then touching everything else in the kitchen "
2976,2,Negative," Bad pizza, i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered chicken tenders many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead. this has happened multiple times. when going back they did not even apologize and  they just took "
2977,2,Negative," Bad pizza can take up to 45 mins to arrive, sometimes up to 1 hour! when delivered, their pizza was lukewarm and tasted what i assume was old lady's socks. this food will give raccoons nightmares. perfect food to give to an enemy or gf you are breaking up with."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots... they brought out everything and forgot the wings! and never even told us anything about how long it would be, we finished the pizza and knots before the wings even came! we where told that they forgot to put them in! bs! and the manager never even came over for a cup of "
2978,2,Negative," Bad pizza here. i waited almost 2 hours with no pizza! got a soggy medium pan pizza. not a mistake. ordered a salad and a coke. the salad was good & well done, but not nearly as good as mom's house made salad. the coke was sub-par. i'd sip from a diet coke bottle instead. over priced, high margin, and failed miserably."" ""i've ordered here twice now. both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza italian beef with chicken, broccoli and bell peppers.  it was so greasy, the beef was falling off into the sink. i had to throw it away. the second time i ordered the bell peppers were wilting and i "
2979,2,Negative," Bad pizza, and will never eat it again."" ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already... first time with jicama, and the second time with parmesan... i'm guessing the mozzarella sticks weren't that great? the crust was dry and bland, the sauce was runny and bland, and the quinoa salad was okay. now, i'm seeing red... a red pizza is a pizza that has been sitting for too long, and is turning brown. not this time."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know someone could provide a way better customer experience than this person did for the same amount of "
2980,2,Negative," Bad pizza and delivery weren't designed for carry-out, particularly not if you're new to the area,"" said owner Tony Arturo. ""i grew up with little caesars and have few memories of it being bad.  however, i have great childhood memories of my grandmother baking a hash brown with pepsi and me.  this place is horrible.  service was slow and inattentive, like they were waiting for a fat lady to walk in.  there were a few times when i ordered a pizza and it took a few sips before it was delivered, but otherwise it was pretty standard.  their fried mushrooms and steak pizza was really good.  the gorgonzola (my favorite cheese of all time) was "
2981,2,Negative," Bad pizza is mediocre, but not great like in the past ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my past experiences, i'm not just criticizing the food, i'm also basing my review of the business model on food alone, which is why i'm writing this review in the first place.  over the past several months, my friends and i have been craving pizza near the area and decided to order delivered.  i ordered the traditional pepperoni and sausage, my favorite of all the meatballs.  the staff was decent, they got our soda topped off before we left and we got fairly full.  but, we were crabby and didn't want to wait around.  so we ordered pizza and "
2982,2,Negative," Bad pizza. our server was good, not great like in the past, but nothing to write home about. ""pizza and food was good but the service was lacking. they don't have the ability to handle large orders the day of.  i don't know if the pizza is bad because of me, but because it's been sitting there for so long ... it must be good."" last night my family at cicis  pizza.  we hadn't eaten in this restaurant for about 6 months and boy have they changed.  the restaurant is under staffed.  we went up to the counter quite a few times and there were not any pizza's.  it's hard to believe you go to a pizza buffet and no pizza. "
2983,2,Negative," Bad pizza & a very nice experience overall  i LOVE pizza 73 in the arlington area, but they don't deliver to my house. they're five minutes walk from my house. this is very disappointing for the fact that i'm from nj and ny and often want to try new things.  the reason i wanted to try new things this time is because my brother-in-law is ordering a pizza from another location and i don't know if i can try it there. i also don't know if i can try the ""giordano's,"" the home cooked stuffed deep dish pizza with bell peppers, mushrooms, and olives. they're not that impressive...it seems very dough heavy to me...and there's not "
2984,2,Negative, Bad pizza for under $10 is insanely hard to come by and most places charge exorbitant prices for pizza. alberta's is a great example. the pizza is good but the service sucks. we have ordered this place several times with great expectations and were frustrated by the service.  we did not deliver a pizza to this location in previous visits and were hoping that a delivery error would be cleared up.   we received a call at 3:35 pm. the employee stated that they dropped the pizza and were replacing it. the employee did not offer up any insight as to why the pizza was being held for more than 5 minutes before it was eventually delivered.   we watched as the employee placed the pizza on the order line 
2985,2,Negative," Bad pizza, if you're ever in the area stop calling it a pizza and give it a try and save $25.<|endoftext|>An experience that will make you forget all that you thought you knew about this city.  we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - we drove down to the bronze duck to get a good look at the facility.  it looked beautiful; however, it lacked the flare and personality of a real restaurant.  the servers were nice, the menu was good, and the price was right - $15 for a 6-slize pizza, 17-2/3 wings, and 2 l soda?  well, that's a lot of food, right?    isn't it time we took a "
2986,2,Negative," Bad pizza. return policy under new management unknown. ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess come here and we'll show you."" wow i wasted $22 on two pizzas. one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest one would think the pep bestest was pretty good. this place has gone down hill and doesn't seem to care about their pizza score. cheese poor pizza. ""cheap ice"" ""keep saying we need more house pizza, we keep getting the same pizza.  i finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which "
2987,2,Negative," Bad pizza. just call it a pizza and cut it up into small squares. i think i'd order an avocado pizza, cut it up lengthwise, and add avocado to the end. rather than two slices of cheese, one for me, one for you, and one for the dog, i would make two pizzas, cut it up lengthwise, and add one avocado to the other. rather than one large pizza and a large pineapple pizza, i would make a large pizza with only half as much cheese and half as much pineapple, and cut it up into bite-sized pieces. rather than get two pizzas, i would get one meat and one vegetable, and cut it up into bite-sized pieces. rather than getting two pizzas, "
2988,2,Negative," Bad pizza here really bad. will not be ordering from this franchise or any time soon."" ""i ordered on my watch, waited for four hours for my pizza, waited even more for my pizza. i got up and asked the cook if they forgot to make the pizza, he laughed and said yes that they forgot and it would be 10 min before we could get it.  he never apologized or offered to take some of the price off, nothing. just rude."" absolutely horrible.   ordered a hawaiian pizza and it took 1 hour and 15 minutes and the place was only 1/4 busy and they got it wrong twice.  it's a shame too, because their mamaian pizza is so good. they have a variety "
2989,2,Negative," Bad pizza hut ok alright so what do you expect? with so many options and prices so high, how can anyone justify the high cost of ownership (especially in the cost of goods measure) with so many options and prices?  difficulty of finding a home for new construction sometimes"" ""new construction, no franchise, lots of work, no vacation, 1 in every 2 weeks.3  we were welcomed to this wonderful town by our awesome server.   headed there early one morning, already there were two pre-made great pizza's waiting for us! one was missing the legs, the other the belly.    we asked for the pizzas to be a little crispy, and we got a little burnt. "
2990,2,Negative," Bad pizza just like in the movies, but much, much better.  if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's."" the pizza was great the whole family was in for a meal. but the service could have been better and the staff was quick on the drawers. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most disappointed is that my pizza was pulled out "
2991,2,Negative," Bad pizza, you are missing the point. we came here with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. our bartender only showed up once, and that was because she was busy and didn't get around to finish our cocktail. our pizza was fine. it wasn't as hot as in past years, but it was warm enough that we gave it a try after that. our pizza was cold. not like in past years, but it was warm enough that i gave it a try after that.   we ordered a variety of pizza, and our bartender only showed up once.  that's right, once. she wasn't even around to help us finish off our cocktail. "
2992,2,Negative," Bad pizza it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again, like in the first 2 hours i went there it was gross i have never met such a horrible person!!! don't waste your money and time here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really rude guys who treated us like we were less people than they were offering rude service and withholding information about what they were preparing. when finished, our bill was $20. for an 18 inch pizza, $20 tip, and nothin'. what a rip-off. "
2993,2,Negative," Bad pizza. yes we all know better than to order through that disgusting disgusting gross pizza, but we are human. and it astounds us how humans tolerate this crap.  so we order through hot takes or little joe's, and we mean REAL hot takes. not frozen i can tell you that. not even close. the pizza was  huge air pockets of dough, about 2-3 slices all in all. you had to break out your toaster oven or something and give it a good hard bang. i would highly suggest going to little joe's pizzeria instead of this disgusting awful pizza. just don't order through hot takes or little joe's!  also don't be tricked by the flat screen tv or other electronic "
2994,2,Negative," Bad pizza will last longer if placed in the fridge."" waste of time"" ""the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. too bad. it was the first time we have been to a pizza franchise.  we won't be returning."" ""the pizza was good but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be returning."" ""if i had to rate this place on "
2995,2,Negative," Bad pizza,"" she replied. - and for $5, that's pretty good value. ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored!  and another thing...why did you stop serving chicken w/ cream?"" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  we didn't realize just how bad the pizza was. we ordered a pizza, veggies, and a salad. what we got: cheese with brown sauce, veggies in a jar, and no salad.  worst pizza i've ever had.  everything we tried was rubbery. the "
2996,2,Negative," Bad pizza. asked if i could leave a coupon with my order and got a 'coupon doesn't count'  which i ignored, paid and was on my way. offered some free pizza to try to give me a 'trying new pizza' factor, didn't bother. let me say this again, this time i'd pay for a 'real' pizza, not this.  i'm left with two choices, either give it up and move on to something better, or try to live without it for a while and see what happens... ya i guess it's a dead end."" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the ven "
2997,2,Negative," Bad pizza, meaning it's gotta be really bad to justify the $25+ price.  The pizza that we got from here was pretty mediocre, with crust almost cotton-candy-y in texture, and with slices of pepperoni floating in it.  It didn't have much flavor, but for $12+ I'd expect something similar to cheap cone pizza.    the other night our server came by and asked how things were. i told her that there was a $5 service charge for each 2 liter of soda. she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"calculate that for me.""""   i don't know how the hell that was legal in our state. she didn't even bother to calculate it for me "
2998,2,Negative," Bad pizza' isn't what st. clair west needs."" ""im usually not this kind of guy, but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid pattern incompetence...there isn't a -4 rating??? so we're stuck with it. too bad. there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  if you think this is the best you can get, you need to get out more.  it's like someone took a job at little joe's and is trying to push it as an """"italian restaurant"""" and little joe's is the only other place that caters to ""little joe's"" style pizza.  they don't have any specials, only cheese and meat.  "
2999,2,Negative," Bad pizza and a cool atmosphere. wait, where's the tattoo parlor??   nervous about tipping? don't be. i saw a kid in the window smoking a cigarette with a pack in it. he must have had a fake ID. i told the cashier my $5 tip was not going to be enough to tide him over for more than a second. he wouldn't have tipped if he got his money's worth. i got my pizza and it was totally not what i expected the sauce, cheese, and toppings. again!! i said to the cashier, ""can i get my $5 off today?"" she said, """"yeah, but you can only get it if you pay with a $5 tip."" "
3000,2,Negative," Bad pizza, as per usual."" i called in for delivery and waited an hour for them to deliver my pizza which yes they might have been busy i understand but when they drop it off i didn't take a look at the pizza because i was working and put it in the back in the break room as soon as i went to go get a slice the entire pizza was burned and it looked old. i waited an hour at least you guys should have made sure my pizza was not burn and at least somewhat fresh. it's so mess up. they wouldn't even give my money back. i do not recommend going to this location what so ever. please drive a little out of your way and avoid this location. absolutely nothing hot n ready. while "
3001,2,Negative," Bad pizza, because it's never been this bad.   ordered a dinner and a little something new, and boy, has it hurt my wallet.  i ended up only ordering a salad and maybe a side of whatever the turkey or gorgonzola is famous for.    the salad was really good, minus the pesto.  the gorgonzola was really good, minus the pesto.  the grilled vegetable salad was really good, minus the pesto.  the bruschetta was really good, minus the pesto.  the bruschetta was really good, minus the pesto.  the club sandwich was really good, minus the pesto.  the grilled vegetable salad was really good, "
3002,2,Negative," Bad pizza has to be pretty terrible to compete with cheeses like cheddar or parmesan, but not so great that it's givin free.  i wouldn't bother with this place if i were you i'd be more likely to go to little joe's pizza."" this is the worst pizza i've ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price is right, but i don't think i'll be ordering from this sauce or pizza again."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza come out of the oven. not a happy customer. i then asked for the cook's note, and they gave me "
3003,2,Negative," Bad pizza and amazing happy hour specials all over town. if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been able to stay relevant in such a short amount of time, then this is your place.  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and "
3004,2,Negative, Bad pizza order arrive and we were sitting there for over 45 min before the kids were out for lunch and the order was still not arrived. they didn't even bother to call the owner. hit and miss.  the pizza was soggy and undercooked and look at that char on the bottom! i would never eat that again. the glaze on the pizza is glossy white and looks like it has been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the glaze on the glazed ham slices was surprising too. the ham slices were tough and chewy. the glaze on the glazed grape tomatoes was another story. it was almost as if the chefs had been soaking the ham in vinegar for hours. the knife-looks-like
3005,2,Negative," Bad pizza. why ask me to wait? i have a degree in education."" ""sada, bland, and undercooked. nothing better than a cold dry pizza. save yourself the trouble and go to a different grimaldi's!"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there's a cool chalk board outside the window with tasty pizza recommendations. the place is pretty empty really. if you really want a bad pizza, come here instead of dr. k.  ""do not!!!!! order a pizza.... it's that easy!!!!  we were honestly disappointed. i ordered a pizza called 'nduja's and my husband wanted one with bell peppers.  the meat was super chewy, hard as a rock coarse and had no "
3006,2,Negative," Bad pizza at a fraction of the cost. the pizza was good but as a whole it's terrible. go to another local sandwiches are another story. have you ever ordered wings at a local restaurant?  yuck!!!!! awful!!!! we went for dinner and it was ok. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a "
3007,2,Negative," Bad pizza is hard to come by in this lifetime, let alone on a pizza like this. i've ordered it once, it was okay. the other time i ordered the same thing, and they told me it was """"well, it's really cold outside,"""" i was disappointed. not sure why the owners think it's gonna be so bad in the future, when it already is.   anyways, i had high hopes for this place, and will give it another shot.   it's really good pizza, and i appreciate their commitment to local foodie culture.   but:  pizza just tastes bad.   i've tried a couple of different sauces:  the bronze dragon ... the garlic crust ... "
3008,2,Negative," Bad pizza!' they were good, but anything from here gets you in the neighborhood of burnt express, and that's not very good."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati's dough has a wonderful yeasty dough flavor while "
3009,2,Negative," Bad pizza"" and the description of the pizza was more like a sandwich than a pizza. we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was. if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had "
3010,2,Negative," Bad pizza by the sea!!! and they are always late!!! 2 stars for being late, 2 for taste, 1 because they always have a bad pizza, and 1 because they always get it wrong the first time."" ""we will never go to this sauce again! i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, 20 minutes after i got home, i was in the process of ordering another, and they forgot to put it in the order, and didn't even tell me that i had to return the 2 liter, which i ignored. i went to pick it up, and they forgot to put it in the water. guess they forgot to put it in the water with the 2 liter, and it was just sitting there for "
3011,2,Negative," Bad pizza. will not be ordering from here again."" ""i ordered from this location last night for the first time in about 8 years.   we got an extremely cold pizza the night before delivery, which we chalked up to being out and about. everything sucked. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen,  the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the crust was overcooked.   we picked this place because it's close to work and we wanted to try a new pizza.   we settled on the mama's special.   the mama's special was prepared in a way that prevented it from being that great.   it was "
3012,2,Negative," Bad pizza?  i ordered a romeo and a pesto, and my total was $20.57  um i went to the bathroom before leaving, and yes, there was a very slight knife burn on the crust, but that's the only indication i got that something wasn't right.  i don't know if the pizza is any good, and yes, it was impressed with the effort put into it, but it's just not very good pizza...not to mention it washer dryer than dad's was, and the guy behind the counter had to stand up and come over to wash his hands...how did those people stay on payroll?"" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have "
3013,2,Negative," Bad pizza. you either love it or you hate it. the choice is yours. ""we won't be returning to this spot, finally! after waiting patiently for years for great pizza here in phoenix, we decided to try it out a little closer to home. we rented an apartment with friends for a little over a month this past Saturday, and we were looking for a little something special to share. we really wanted to like the pizza, but we were hoping the new bbq spot would be ready when we got there. after waiting almost 2 hours for the new bbq spot to be ready, we decided to try the 'regular' dish, the arby's variety. i ordered the 'short rib pizza', and my boyfriend "
3014,2,Negative," Bad pizza and tons of it  the delivery was reasonable enough  the high chair was nice and double reclined  price was right at $39  service, again, was decent  problem is, half of it's crust is burnt  worst pizza I've ever had ... i haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, most of the reviews on here rant about how gross that's not even their fault, and i agree 100%. but when i sit at the table and order, the crust is soggy / burnt and the toppings are all dried out / thin. this is the most disgusting pizza i have ever had, and i've ever seen it come. if you think this is the ultimate then i "
3015,2,Negative," Bad pizza. order your pizza now!!!"" ""im usually not this kind of guy, but sometimes a business deserves to be publicly slammed for a solid pattern incompetence...there isn't a -4 rating??? so i ordered 5 deep dish pizzas, 2 cheese and 3 pepperoni,... pretty simple right? instead of getting 2 pizzas, i got 3 different colored peppers... why 2 different colored?? you might as well have gotten a CD case with no labels, that's how bland it was. the pizza still had not simmered down when i was finished eating it, so it must have been reheated multiple times... i'm not even kidding. i'm serious. the pizza was cold and flaky as a dishwater and the crust "
3016,2,Negative," Bad pizza. it's like eating with a fork and knife. the sauce is good and so is the crust. pretty standard. ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? sad.  very few choices so you better want a pizza, a club sandwich, or a standard salad. that's it. my daughter had the cheese pizza. i had the club sandwich, which came with fries. and i got a strawberry colada swirl. $60 later "
3017,2,Negative," Bad pizza at little joe's is better than this.    i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i chose the bronze dragon because it's the kind of pizza that i can walk in and get right down to work in no time. the breakfast pizza was okay, cooked well and very tasty, but i would come back to try the other two kinds. they're good, but not nearly as good as this."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. the guy behind the counter was not apologetic - just rude. i cancelled my order and have not ordered "
3018,2,Negative," Bad pizza??? how in the world did those little squares get made?? someone had to take care of the orders, and i would've felt a little bad leaving the place had i known. i had high hopes for the place, and deals with it, but i think it's got much worse italian sauce than this.  i didn't know they smoked it raw, but that's what they came up with.  the carb count on the pizza was a little high, but that's to be expected. it should've read as a high-carb pizza, not a low-carb one.    there's a jack in the box across the parking lot with gas go-karts, flat screen tv's, and a few "
3019,2,Negative," Bad pizza  i was looking for a good pizza in phoenix and i biked all the way here from nj and back. i love the pies, but the service needs to be fixed. jim is a work a little too much and has a hard on customers. he once rang up a pizza and handed it to me and i checked it. granted it wasnt as hot as all my other orders from before, but it was warm enough that i went ahead and paid for it.  i don't know if the pizza is bad because of sbarro's, or if the staff is getting rich quick eating ramen noodles.   whoever cooked this should have known the second i went to the counter that it was "
3020,2,Negative," Bad pizza for $20?    the pizza was not very good...the mozzarella sticks were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the quinoa salad was good & so was the bruschetta. their tomato sauce - homemade i was told - tastes like something out of a jar. i was hugely disappointed and felt their food tasted no different than the italian restaurant across the street. i was hoping to go back & try out their pizzas, but there is a much better italian restaurant in the garden basket plaza that makes everything from scratch and i have been a regular of theirs since they opened."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review "
3021,2,Negative," Bad pizza place. they don't deliver cold.  the pizza isn't that great because the crust is light and fluffy but the toppings are limited.    they don't have fall flavors, such as garlic knots, asparagus, or candied walnuts.  they do have a chocolate chip cookie called a snow angel which is pretty good.   they do have a drinking age fine.  however, it appears that all their food is carbonated.  it is so noticed when ordering that you have to swallow.  i was told that they don't sell carbonated sodas.    the prices are a little high for what they offer and the service could be given some pointers and from what i "
3022,2,Negative," Bad pizza and had the new italian pizza italian that was supposed to be ready in 45 minutes. it took an hour and a half to get the pizza. guess i'll try the regular again.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious."" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a "
3023,2,Negative," Bad pizza in a small space"" is never gonna be big enough for me. i want a big room, not a petite one that takes up valuable real estate. the pizza here was undercooked, badly burned, and just plain old weird. the wings were sad, overcooked, and missing the necessary salt. the patty melt in sauce was basically ice so easy ice. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so easy, i would think it was kosher. the guy who made it i believe was very inexperienced, perhaps even kid's stuff. he seemed very uncertain on how to proceed and he made several mistakes along the way. for $6 i would expect a decent experience, but this had me fairly catered. if you ever consider "
3024,2,Negative," Bad pizza', store your stuff better at cpk, and have fun losing money to creepy stepford wives."" ""i used to like this place, but last night was turning points for me. i ordered through the phone for my pizza, and waited for an hour and a half for my pizza to show up.   i'm from chicago, and this is my 3rd time having it delivered here. the first two times were a great disappointment, as i wasn't hungry at all and didn't want anything -_- so i didn't give it much thought. tonight was a different story.   i ordered a cheese plate, and i got a light meat pizza with extra sauce. the pizza was ok, the crust was blah "
3025,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the previous owner and i was under the impression that way. i ordered adrianne's pizza with extra sauce and it came with only about 2 tomato slices and 2 tomato sauce. the tomato sauce was too sweet and the crust was dried out. it tasted like something out of a food processor. the pasta was okay. ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta, pizza and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so "
3026,2,Negative," Bad pizza, get real  don't be a cheap person and drive a nice car  don't be a jerk to a customer and treat her like that  i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too. please go to any other location do not waste your time or money at this location. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza "
3027,2,Negative," Bad pizza ;; the guy had no clue what he was doing. he should have had known the second he took the order the pizza was going to be burnt. he also should have known the second he placed the order the guy would have told the cook beforehand. thirdly, a third guy walked in and ordered a pizza, when all the cooks were set, and one of them forgot to put the  garlic crust.  so the cook put the cold crust out, and the guy who was making it got all red.  he had no idea what it was, and made a zillion other pizza's instead.    fourthly, a third guy walked in and ordered a pizza, when all the cooks were set, and one of them "
3028,2,Negative," Bad pizza, very little sauce, and they charge a lot for it all (think $5 for a 6-slize pizza). so yes, we were a little skeptical on a pizza that claims to be from """"old news"""" but is in fact 6-slice.  we were also a little skeptical of a ""dry pizza"" when in fact it's been sitting in the fridge for over 2 months. i'm not kidding. the pizza was mostly raw with no flavor. we could tell when we opened the box - it was undercooked. but we also sensed a problem when we opened the box - the crust was dried out, the toppings were sparse, and the whole thing was underdone. too   we were pleasantly surprised "
3029,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i now know i will not be ordering from papa john's again."" ""i used to order the frozen pizza with the stand ins and it was so good. i love pizza, especially the thin crust, and i used to save $25 on each order by not pre ordering. now i spend $35 for a pizza that is cold and nothing but yucky grease on it. whatever, last time round."" ""i was a little skeptical about this place until i was given my order. i ordered a meat pizza, a meat sauce, and a side of the fresh mozzarella sticks. pretty "
3030,2,Negative," Bad pizza that's just itching to be burned...then this is the spot!  the pizza is ridiculously overpriced, $17 for an 11-inch pizza? that's some insane markup!  our server was a little aggressive, he even complained about his other customers to us.  who knew what he was saying about us?   he also must have thought we were stupid because he kept explaining the difference between sausage  and pepperoni?  really?  the server really ruined this meal for us, he even tried some adult humor with the serving of the pepperoni.  i'll leave it at that.  so the food never had a chance, we just wanted to leave.  if you eat here...take your "
3031,2,Negative," Bad pizza"" sandwich with fresh parmesan on a large pizza.  my husband ordered a pizza with asiago crust and he got a giant pudgier pizza.  he asked for the crust be a little crispy and added salt to it.  i would describe it as a giant pudgier pizza with giant air pockets in it.  i got it hot and ready in under 10 minutes.  it was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the sides of the pizza.  it was just ok.  it did have some bite to it, but i wouldn't expect too much from this place.  they may use frozen so good they taste like frozen.    i really wanted to like this place, "
3032,2,Negative," Bad pizza displayed in a store window will vary greatly in quality, i have seen frozen, undercooked, and otherwise sub par pizza on some very busy nights.    the pizza that we received was about 2 inches in diameter and about 1 1/2 inches thick.  it was super fatty and had no flavor.  it was also super chewy and super tasty.    the store brand pizza we received was about 2 inches in diameter and about 1 1/4 inches thick.  it was super fatty and had no flavor.  it was also super chewy and super tasty.    the recipe calls for about 1 1/2 cups of diced raw onions, 1 cup of diced fresh jicama, and "
3033,2,Negative," Bad pizza, moist dough, and great sauce.  the problem is, it's been abandoned by the owners, who just want to cash in on their success.  They've cut corners on the most basic of things, like the oil in the broiled steak.   the pizza was great, but i wish the owners would teach a lesson to the cooks.  a sloppy wafers of garlic parmesan and raw onion rings is not what a classy dinner is.    it also lacked flavor.  there was a hint of buffalo in the mix, but it was subtle.  there was a hint of buffalo in the mix, but it was buried under a sea of mozzarella sticks and topped off with lots of "
3034,2,Negative," Bad pizza taste like it was microwaved. and they had wayyyy too much sauce. i would not have ordered if i knew it was gonna be this good. wth saba a pizza?  yes, that is absolutely correct.   we tried this place on november 19th 2016, the day after the presidential election. it had never been open for business, never mind delivery, and the customer service was so awful that i felt unsafe leaving my condiment bowl at home with this place.  the night before the election, i placed an order for the election night menu and the following day, they delivered. i was so excited to check it out after hearing so many people in the area express their displeasure with the "
3035,2,Negative," Bad pizza from this place is so passé it deserves to be buried."" ""i remember standing in line to get a pizza one day, and all the other employees are smoking.  ear-splitting music plays in the background, and the line is longer than it should be.  i was in line to get a pizza, and the guy behind the counter was smoking a cigarette.  it made me wonder what everyone was smoking.  what a freak show.  what a rip off.  i would stay away.  i was shocked when i received my pizza.  it wasn't even the decent cheese pizza that they were known for.  it was a puddle of marijuana-infused dough that looked like it had been sitting under "
3036,2,Negative," Bad pizza""  don't get me wrong, i'm not saying every pizza is created equal. i might be biased because i'm a food critic and a home cook, but i think the pizza i got yesterday, while very good, was pretty mediocre. thin crust, maybe too thin for some people? this is why i like skinny pizza: it's challengeable, but not impossible.   this time i ordered, told the delivery guy we'd get home to find it, and the pizza was nowhere to be found. not even in the same basket. the bag was just a paper bag with a few slices of pepperoni in it. the paper was chipped off and had holes in it. the pizza wasn't hot at "
3037,2,Negative," Bad pizza is nothing if nothing but then again if you are wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they have mastered the art of pizza. both of which i think is under siege right now. if you want a pass you better be willing to try everything. if you want a pizza that is passable you better try everything. if you want a pizza that is not passable at all then i think you will be disappointed. if you want a pass you better try everything. if you want a cold pizza that tastes like frozen goodness and not something you were made. i would highly recommend not trying this place. if you want a pass then ill stick with domino's or pizza hut."" ""pass this place- the "
3038,2,Negative," Bad pizza. it's basically burnt cheese with no flavor.  i wouldn't eat that."" ""don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this is not little caesars pizza i grew up with. this was very disappointing. if you want a really bad pizza you should drive to another location. especially if you go here for the first time you will probably want to get out more.  we went here for the first time at 11:30 a.m. and it took an hour and "
3039,2,Negative," Bad pizza, put it on pizzaz... if you really want it, you can get it anywhere. if not, you need to get out more... i'm more than welcome to leave."" ""caliente seriously!?!  so we came to phoenix for the second time in as many months and we thought we'd try the amalfi salad.  this time we ordered the pepsi and the macedonian, and we tried to come home with only a little over half an ounce of the dressing.  the pizza was bland, hard as a rock like cardboard and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.  we left feeling empty handed and unsatisfied.  we weren't really hungry, "
3040,2,Negative," Bad pizza.. i've ordered it a few times on my mobile app and purchased a pizza a few weeks ago.. both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust. guess i'll try the regular pizza next time. seriously? this is the worst pizza i have ever had.. the cheese was chandler, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the cheese felt like it might have been microwaved. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it might have been made in a factory. the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay. beach pizza was same as cheese pizza with only meager toppings ( "
3041,2,Negative," Bad pizza you get in ny & then there's this one in wa [must be ny pizza to justify the sub-par crust ] and the garlic crust.  the pizza isn't even hot anymore :( we're giving it 2s.  this is why we don't give 2.0s for 1 wrong pizza."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in "
3042,2,Negative," Bad pizza around here i grew up in and have been to many. i think the problem is the customer base has no clue what good italian is, what with the thin crust, and all. some of the reviews on here rant about how thin crust is supposed to be like in the movies, where as it really isn't. the thickness of the crust should be in the 1/4-1/2 inch range. the pizza should be crispy on the bottom, yet still have a nice charring burn on the top. i've had it with thicker crust, where the crust was 1/4 inch thick and burned on the bottom. not charring at all horrible burnt crust, but thi s not been known to this extent on any pizza "
3043,2,Negative," Bad pizza, like in ny."" good morning everyone! i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in a long time! i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i would get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. i am so disappointed. we are ordering from one of the large chains so we can "
3044,2,Negative," Bad pizza asians sucks maybe i could try it out but right now its too expensive and time consuming. right now its $20 for a 6-slize pizza and a drink with a sub-par sauce.    if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this would be a perfect pizza: crusty, yet tender, yet not burnt.   however, this place is not for nothing. they earn a lot on pizza,  and they deserve a lot of credit for being able to keep a lid on costs while also being able to offer a high-quality product.    they do not deliver to pittsburgh, so if you need a pizza, bring it to bellsouthpizza "
3045,2,Negative," Bad pizza, they just seem to throw the dice the first time they come up with something.    first they had a pizza called the  snow angel which was  not very good.  it was undercooked, dry, and lacking in flavor.  i had high hopes for this place and will give it another shot.   second chance, same old pizza, super disappointed."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i waited 20 minutes for two pizzas with no sauce... no "
3046,2,Negative," Bad pizza maybe even better than this!!! if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's."" ""fix your store, it is so poorly run that i cannot even go there. there are never pizzas ready, they don't answer the phone to make orders, the employees are rude and condescending and the customers are trash! the managers are rude and condescending, and the customers are trash! the pizza is worth less than $5.00 and many times that because it was made at little joe's. little joe's pizzas pizza is the best chain pizza in the city, little joe's pizzas pizza is warm, not hot, and the pizza tastes like "
3047,2,Negative," Bad pizza'' is what i'm used to. true to type, zero effort, and most importantly, not good. this is very much like our """"new york style"""" pizza, except much better.    we always ask for homemade, but this time i ordered mozarella sticks, and yes, they were pretty crappy. i had to ask for half of them, and yes they were drenched in tomato sauce. the other half was all wilts and i could pick out the sharable bits in the mix. again! i was on lunch, there was no point for asking if i wanted half of the toppings since i had to go back to work, and of course that meant i had to go with the ranch "
3048,2,Negative," Bad pizza, at home."" ""i love the pizza, but i've had just 1 good experience here when the weather was gorgeous in the evening on the patio. the first time patio experience was bad because fruit flys (i think) were pretty bad. i had a fine in experience 2 weeks ago. it was cold so we decided to eat. the smell is so bad that i don't eat with food that much, so i don't get much out of it...."" delivery was nice. fries had a bucket of salt on them. me and my brother gagged!!!hummus wasn't fresh. your sausage  pizza was rotten. tasted like mold...terrible terrible food!!!! so i couldn't tell you what g "
3049,2,Negative," Bad pizza and oh yeah i forgot the extras. what did they use?  extra sauce?  extra toppings?  extra mozzarella sticks?  extra sauce?  extra mozzarella sticks?  extra sauce?  extra mozzarella sticks?  extra sauce?   what did they get right?  condiments?  pizza?  not very good.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of condiments on the pizza, but that's the only condiment they use.  the tomato sauce is tomato sauce with cilantro, and the tortilla chips are like they were made by a school cafeteria.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the glass was "
3050,2,Negative," Bad pizza is not going to come through here so don't be a jerk to a customer or two."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the description on the box said ""made fresh daily"" and ""mostly fresh."" that's what you'd expect from a frozen food.  my meal came out cold. i took a deep breath and counted down to zero. 10 minutes later, i counted again. this time, i got the wrong pizza. i tried to call back and of course, the operator cut me off mid sentence to say sorry, that's how "
3051,2,Negative," Bad pizza is so cheap in texas that i feel i can say this bad enought i will not order from there again... wth a pizza this bad would be shared?  yes?   the prices are high, but the quality is sub par.  if you want a really hot pizza, come here.  if you want really low end end cheese, come here.  if you want really bland pizza, come here.  if you want really low end pizza, come here.  if you want really low end pizza, come here.  if you want really bland pizza, come here.  if you want really low end pizza, come here.  if you want really bland pizza, come here.  if you "
3052,2,Negative," Bad pizza is supposed to be hot, but it's supposed to be hard as a rock solid brick wall and soft as a finger in the glove.  it's not supposed to be this way.  it's supposed to be floppy as a door to hell, hard as a rock like cardboard and soft as a blanket.  it's supposed to be rubbery as a rock, hard as a rock like lead and floppy as a door to hell.  it's supposed to be undercooked like a hard boiled egg, hard as a rock like hard liquorice and soft as a pancake.  it's supposed to be underdone like a pickled strawberry jam and underdone like a dried apricot jam.  it's supposed to be under "
3053,2,Negative," Bad pizza that i'm specifically looking for.  i'm also on a no gluten, no dairy, and yes, some of the toppings might be gross, but we're talking about eating pizza here, not something that somebody thought up in a vat and handed to us.  so, the dough's been sitting for like 90 minutes, the cheese's been sitting for like 45 mins, and the same old gross pizza with the wrong sauces.  yeah, whatever. i'm sticking with the yellow crudit anyday."" yeah i just moved to the area and i have yet to find a good pizza in the area. i used to live in ny and used to order carry out from there all the time. i "
3054,2,Negative," Bad pizza is expensive, and we're used to it in FL where it's the norm. however, this time i ordered cheese pizza, and the guy seemed very uncertain on how to cut it up into small bite-sized pieces, which is what he ended up doing. i cut it up into small squares, and he seemed very uncertain on how to cut them up into smaller pieces, which leads me to believe that this was his first time ever working with a food processor, and he didn't know how to even process a lasagna? again! i was on lunch, and there was no point for asking to order more if i didn't want more. he just sort of blanked out on me, and told me to put the lasagna in "
3055,2,Negative," Bad pizza, no problem. But, no one that was helping me at that point was apologetic or anything. just rude!!"" ""if you think this is good pizza, you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i've had better.  i'm also pretty sure one of the cooks was drinking. i think i might have had a pint when i ordered, but i didn't go back to check.  i'm also pretty sure one "
3056,2,Negative," Bad pizza will be filled. """"well olives are really good, don't you think that's a bit odd putting it mildly?  well if that's the case then why on earth would anyone place a """"pizza"""" order in any sort of fashion other than for the most part ordering at random, which is what you get from this place."" ""pizza and a really shitty customer service.   we went here with a reservation on a wednesday around 6:30pm. it took over 5 minutes for the first pizza, 30 seconds for the second, and under a minute for the third. by the time we got the fourth, it was a thin crust! i have never seen it like this before or been here before. "
3057,2,Negative," Bad pizza'?"" i said yes with no charge since i don't eat a regular pizza and the guy seemed pretty rude about it. he ordered a regular pizza with no toppings and 2x 1 topping for 15 cents. i gave him a dollar tip (wrote on the reciet and even totaled it out for him). i gave him a dollar for the tip, not to take it anymore then i would give it back. he kept saying he didn't have any more to give, i kept getting cash. he finally gives me $10 and i give him a dollar tip of $10. he then gives me $12.60... i don't get my tip cut out anymore. he says """"oh yeah, that's how it is"""". "
3058,2,Negative," Bad pizza etobicoke - not even close.  if you're looking for a really good pizza, come here."" ""pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok.  i ordered a pizza, salad and a sandwich and my total. i brought it home and guess what - the sandwiches are now chicken wing and not good at all. the pizza was okay (edible), but not nearly as good as in the past  this is pretty bad pizza just like in the past  we've had it a few times expecting to be sat on Christmas eve and have to wait for the giant snow cone, which they've "
3059,2,Negative," Bad pizza kitchen. they don't deliver cold pizza, they deliver hot. and when i talked to the owner about it, he was rude. he talked over me, and when i said this was not very good customer service he said """"so what"""".   the pizza was not that remarkable.it came barely warm. one person in our party ordered a chicken wrap and as the rest of us finished our pizza the wrap still had not been served. we eventually cancelled it . the staff was nice .  it all added up to be quite the disappointment.   however, it's a great place and i will be back."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different "
3060,2,Negative," Bad pizza still to come from that one, wish i could tell you that already."" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  used to come here years ago as a young child, raced all kinds of laps weekly (first opened). over the years this place has gone down hill! the owner and his son are douchers, cocky, and selfish. they don't care about their employees just their customers that are giving the creedy individuals money on some sort. this place is way too over priced for some childish electric carts, buy some (real) gas go-karts.. and take one for a real race. the employees are unprofessional, they stand around the counters on their phones, and don't pay attention to the race track "
3061,2,Negative," Bad pizza, we would like to pick a pizza with more than 30% fresh."" ""ordered on my phone. received on my home computer. opened it up and was greeted by a white pizza with no flavor. when i tapped on the pizza, the flavor left in the crust. i then cleaned my hands and recieved the same pizza :(   the bad: -the pepperoni is on the small side, missing the flaky crust -the quinoa salad is good, minus the crab legs -the quinoa is not as good as in the movies, minus the crab legs -the gorgonzola is a wash - the fish sauce is generic, the salad is okay, minus the grits -the "
3062,2,Negative," Bad pizza, again!"" ""honestly? it tasted like cheap frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store. i was visiting phoenix, capital city, and we stopped by for lunch one day last fall. i ordered the phoenix parmesan with linguine, black eyed peas, and garbanzo beans. i was honestly so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. the guy behind the counter wasnt very friendly and would just hollar out that it was """"sauce"""". i struggled through the sauce and got a linguine with linguine and black eyed peas. those were really good. the linguine was really good. the black eyed peas were not very good "
3063,2,Negative," Bad pizza man! i'm confused as to why your pizza is always so bad, and usually orders undercooked, when you get pizzas all the time, from everywhere else in the country. i've even ordered through the mail. again!  this is getting ridiculous. i'm confused as to why your pizza is always so bad, and usually orders undercooked, when you get pizzas all the time, from everywhere else in the country.   i've even ordered hot and  cakes with crust even though they're not supposed to be hot.  they reallyshouldn't be hot.  i got my pizza weird.  the crust was  not the correct color.  there was a  slight  burn on the crust, but "
3064,2,Negative," Bad pizza, or flat out not good.  i've ordered this place several times expecting to have a good experience, but i was wrong to hope for that.  we got a bad habanera pizza, and italian beef is mediocre.  we ordered a miss sub, which came out covered in melted cheese.  we ordered a meat sauce, which came out covered in melted fat.  the price was right, but i don't understand why the couple who make the pizza think it's so great.... the menu says """"mid-range"""".   i'm from chicago, and i've been here tons of times.  this is the worst one i've ever been in my life!  the "
3065,2,Negative," Bad pizza ain't cheap, especially if you're making it. we've been to other locations and this has never been a problem.   we paid $50.00 for the """"two slices of pizza"""" - two slices of cheese.    why ask me to come back here just because you think my pizza is crap because it wasn't hot when i left?  if i was giving a speech, not a business meeting, and not getting ready to cash in, i probably would have said something.  fine, i get it, it's a restaurant. but when i walk in and there's only one fat crust pizza on the menu, and it take oh, oh a minute to come.  what does it say about "
3066,2,Negative," Bad pizza is good, but this was outright terrible.  the mozzarella sticks were tiny and bland, the pizzas were soggy and undercooked, and the crust was dried out and underdone.  the ice was really good -- cheddar cheese underdone with fresh jicama on it.  but the dressing was terrible.   is there any chance this place gets a chance?   yes, there is. but chances are it will be buried under other, better options."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepper "
3067,2,Negative," Bad pizza good value for the money ""i used to like the pizza from this location. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid driving his own "
3068,2,Negative," Bad pizza is good but this is terrible this will be my last time here"" ""i used to get good pizza from here when i used to live in phoenix. i have gotten very ill over the phone and seen people eating the same thing in the same sitting. i have decided to move on and try different things.   so, i ordered the pizza in 2nds. the first was a 10 piece cheese and it took 24-48-56-32 minutes to get it all done. the second time i ordered the same pizza but i got 2 toppings on it (one blue and one red). the guy looked up the order on the computer and it read 20% chicken, 22% beef, and 20% pork "
3069,2,Negative," Bad pizza you can't really go wrong with very little changes. mine was a little burnt with old pizza crust and some burned bits in it, but otherwise it was fine. the sauce that came with it wasn't very good. i'd put it on par with papa john's, and  that's not necessarily a compliment."" ""hey sauce!  i'm letting you know that my rating on your website has gone up twice! first time i ordered and picked up some food to give to a friend who has celiac disease.  the second time i ordered and picked up some food to give to a friend who has gluten-free for life.  the first time i ordered italian and got vegetarian...now it's got avoc "
3070,2,Negative," Bad pizza isn't just for rich kids anymore. it's possible to make a decent pizza without spending tons of money and time.   my wife and i decided to start a 'zeal' brand pizza place in our area.  we wanted to offer a better alternative to satnav, the boring old manual, and the other bland pizza joints we've been to.  we wanted to offer a more in-depth experience to the dinning public,  and we also wanted to offer a more in-depth dish to the discriminating pallet of pallet-chopping sorties.  we wanted to offer a more in-depth product,  and we also wanted to provide a competitive edge to the market.  the result "
3071,2,Negative," Bad pizza here was so-so.  i have ordered this same pizza twice - first time, husband and i, and it was so-so-so-similar to frozen.  this time, i ordered, and they showed up and told me they forgot to make the pizza, and that they would make it up.  they never apologize, never offer a discount, nothing.  it's so-so-similar to frozen pizza that i don't know how they stay in business.   i don't know if the owners are bright and well-meaning, but they need to step down and let someone else take over.   it's a shame too, because this is a great little pizza joint. if you're stranded "
3072,2,Negative," Bad pizza have no clue what they are doing...waste of time"" ""ried to order a pizza a few weeks ago & have to say it was horrible. the cheese was dull, the sauce was bland, and the crust was dried out. i should have taken a picture. the paper wrapped pizza felt like cardboard. i should have taken a picture of the crust on the plastic wrap. the paper wrapped pizza felt like cardboard. i should have taken a picture of the crust on the plastic wrap. the mustard gas was awful. i must say the employees were extremely incompetent. they had no business being an an hour and a half away. management is going to have a hard time filling the shoes of those employees.  i watched as one employee "
3073,2,Negative," Bad pizza. what a disappointment."" just got back in to the united states from uni in phoenix, and weetaically, it took about 90 mins. our server was somewhat incompetent, she probably has poor interpersonal skills, and even though we paid for the food, she didn't seem to know what to say or do next. she might have been on call. we had to walk in and around the restaurant, and twice we had to wait for a ready now pizza. i remember one time when i ordered a pizza, it took over 5 minutes to get a ready. now, i've ordered this same pizza at other places and it still not been ready. it could have been ready in 10-15 minutes. the server really screwed up "
3074,2,Negative," Bad pizza is going to be hard to come by in phoenix, and if it isn't pizza, it's weirdly shaped, and usually burns the pizza anyway. tonight was pizza, hands down the worst pizza i have ever tasted. i was so hungry and wanted a quickie i decided to try their fried pizza which is basically a petri dish of some type. i was looking for a quickie and came across your page which is why i didn't know you guys made it. i'm so disappointed. i'm hoping you guys can dial down the crazy pizza & get it right. i was hoping your pizza could pass the 'beef test' & be as tender & tasty as old standby goldschlot. your pizza is just bland & "
3075,2,Negative," Bad pizza that they shove under the door of your house and you have to walk all the way in to get. i had a pizza from here once and it was great, but i've had better.   don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, mediocre pizza, and really gross. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no "
3076,2,Negative," Bad pizza huh?"" ""did the online order. arrive at the time and time zone that they told you on the phone. received a call a half hour later than expected.   when i called to inquire after about an hour, the person on the phone proceeds to hang up on me.   i think the basic problem is that this is a for-profit corporation. they get paid a certain amount for every order, and not just for the dough. they charge a lot for things like mozzarella sticks and wings, and not just a handful of dollars for a can of soda.   when i bought a pizza, it should have been good. now, since i've been ordering from this location, i've been "
3077,2,Negative," Bad pizza and customer service is horrible wth does the pizza come in?  i called to order and ordered chicago style, but received this: ""oh, i see you guys are construction workers, not farmers. so, yeah, whatever.   i don't know if the pizza is really new york style, because most of the reviews on here rant about how bland it is, or if it is that bad, but i think the pizza should be similar to that of yosemite sam and du jardin, with only minimal modifications.   i really like the atmosphere, and the friendly employees.   i would never go back if i were you.   not impressed with this place "
3078,2,Negative," Bad pizza isn't cheap, especially when you consider the extra cost of the napkin, cheese cloth, and plastic fork.  however, the pizza was totally unnecessary. it was cold and kids were potty trained.  we won't be ordering from this restaurant again. with so many other pizza options around, it's amazing what ppl do with leftover. if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut or pizza hut is always so hot, you should probably check your cameras."" ""a couple of weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel, where we hit the [saucer] 40 times over the course "
3079,2,Negative," Bad pizza isn't just for fat kids anymore. it's time we start thinking bigger than a pizza and a couple wings.  if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to "
3080,2,Negative," Bad pizza is 1 star,0 if you think i got it bad then you need to get out more. i think the whole family will be paying for the pizza tonight, the kids especially!!!"" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago-style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try the entrees when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizzas take 45 "
3081,2,Negative," Bad pizza(don't judge) so yeah, not gonna lie i skipped the flat screen and went to the bar in the back which is huge and nice and private and i heard some one else taking orders so i went with the small plates. and again the answer is the same no matter what time of day it's the same same damn pizza. yesterday was a step in the right direction.   so yeah, i'm sticking with the log cabin. the quality of the food has improved and i've gained some new favorites.   for the same amount of money at half the price, it's worth every penny.  if you're serious about dining out, go to a restaurant that makes it's mark. like i did. i "
3082,2,Negative," Bad pizza is made in small batches, and sometimes orders are left out. this was the most recent time this happened. i called the establishment and was told that the order was being made. ok. so we get a call the next day saying that the order wasn't ready yet. so we had to sit tight and wait for the order to be made. our food arrived and we were immediately faced with cold crusty ham slices in it. not a happy customer.  we tried to call back and of course this time the person put us on hold. we tried to call back again and of course this time the person put us on hold. we tried to call back again and of course this time the person put us on hold. we tried to "
3083,2,Negative," Bad pizza? yes please. i'm with ya' granola. i didn't know they even made it.  this just isn't my kind of pizza.  not suprisingly, the reviews on here are terrible. ""this is the worst pizza i have ever had, the cardboard box is getting short very soon, i recommend getting papa john's instead."" ""um caliente seriously!?!  so we came to phoenix for the day...tastes like frozen freeway re-routes with no parking, no table for under 5-6, very limited choices and the worst service in the city...so we came to this:  this is what i've come to expect from this restaurant: slow, "
3084,2,Negative," Bad pizza"""" for $5 - 6.99 on some empty lot under construction in the vegas area.  the pizza is really good, a little thin on the meat, not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of parmesan on the pizza, and some of the other ingredients.  i would come back to try the pastas, the bruschetta was really good.  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only "
3085,2,Negative," Bad pizza' which is basically what it sounded like...sounds bad doesn't it?"" ""it depends what mood you're in. i was in the mood for chicago's best pizza, not so much the pizza.    so we decided to order conservatively:  1x1 stuffed deep dish pizza, 1 thin crust, and 1 with peppers.   we got 3 different pizzas:  the 'naked king,' gray pizza, and the pepperoni.  the thin crust was probably the worst pizza i've ever had. the crust was cooked but the cheese was dry and bland. the sauce was probably the best part, it was yummy but the taste was so-so-similar to ice cold store "
3086,2,Negative," Bad pizza coming soon...."" ""wtf is going on here???  are private jets really that slow??? and for how dirty they are, why do they have to be that slow??? a 5 minute walk from where i am getting my pizza is over an hour and a half, when i would expect a much warmer and friendlier environment.  if there was a better option out there i wouldn't bother with this place."" ""the pizza was really good, we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza. the salumi plate was nice. i had the 'nduja. the pizza was a work of art. it would have been a great dinner if completed correctly. i should have saved $25. wait, i should "
3087,2,Negative," Bad pizza, the one you get in ny is so rehashed it makes ny like it did yesterday.   the place is dirty, the guy behind the counter was smoking a joint if that's what got you in the mood for weed then you are in the wrong place.   do not waste your money eating here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states and have let them know how good of a pizza they could make from this location.  you will probably go somewhere else very soon.   it's like go to a different state for a day and then you come back and people stare at you like you changed places.  i grew up with little caesars "
3088,2,Negative," Bad pizza, ordered here once, and it was so bad i couldnt eat it.  there is no such thing as bad pizza .. it's just incorrect technique .. bad technique, plain and simple.   the pizza i ordered today was way too thick for what i had ordered.  it was hard to spread the cheese on the pizza it was so thin.. i had to spread the sauce evenly... that's how thin it was.. it was almost cotton candy-like.  i was hoping this would be my new regular ,casual dining place, but alas it is not.    and for the life of me, i can't understand why the parents think this is a good idea.  why would anybody think this is "
3089,2,Negative," Bad pizza here.  fantastic greasy crust.  i've had better.   i know this is new to me, and i welcome any and all criticism. but, man, is this the worst pizza i've ever had...moved to the area a few months ago and i have to say this sucks under new management. i don't know how the pizza is supposed to be. it must be really good to lure in the kids and set them free to eat whatever they want. again, not sure how that's supposed to be accomplished.   the sauce is one dimensional. too rich, not enough salt, bad taste, weird combination of everything.  the whole thing was undercooked. i could tell when i "
3090,2,Negative," Bad pizza,"" that's how bad it is.  it's like eating at a shitty college cafeteria.  you have to pay for the food, not just walk in and get a cold pizza.  it's a shame too, because it's so close to home.  we've had food from here a few times expecting a great experience, and we were wronged by italian beef that was loaded with salmonella and TB.  we weren't going to let that tarnish our experience, so we won't be ordering from there again.  but, if italian beef is your cup of joe, then this is your cup of joe."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask "
3091,2,Negative," Bad pizza, the kind of pizza you get in ny and then commute to gd qtr for every other pizza craving in the world. these guys are going to be in big trouble. their pizza is atrocious. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, and planned on re-visiting the place after getting a job there. i was wrong to hope for that. i was disappointed that the pizza was mediocre. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. too bad. it's not like i'm hungry...   just got back! was busy, but i'll try again.  i miss the days of pulling out to the cash register "
3092,2,Negative," Bad pizza and try not to yell at the kid in front of you, it's rude."" ""try not to be too harsh on this one, it's just a pizza and a cold okay? i'm just here for the day...trying to overlook a $10 tip on something as simple as a slice of pizza is a mistake i'll never make again. i was shocked when i received my pizza, thought i'd give it a try if i ever from here again.  my bad, i'm   we got this place bc of a bad Yelp review, and were looking for a pizza. we decided to try it out bc we were frustrated by the same pizza we ate at the bacon pizza a few months ago. the "
3093,2,Negative, Bad pizza and bad customer service we had a guy try to juggle two pizzas at once we said no we gave him $50 tip he declined and kept trying to put the wrong pepperoni in the wrong hole we gave him $20 off with a $35 coupon so he gave us $20 back and we had to write that down he tried to give us $10 back as if we were giving him back some $12 thats absurd we have a no return policy in effect so if we give him back $12 we write it down $12-16 then we give him $20 back then he tries to give us more as if we were giving him more then we were.   we tried to call back and of course the guy just 
3094,2,Negative," Bad pizza man, i want my money back. i'm leaving."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned and upon swallowing "
3095,2,Negative," Bad pizza (don't judge) snacked on a pizza (ok that wasn't really snacked on) ""the pizza tonight tasted like a sesame seed packet. all the while the cook was explaining that the extra virgin olive oil in the packet was what gave it that smoky taste. i finally got a chance to taste it a few hours after i was told it was bad. and boy, has it disappointed me. there is no such thing as bad pizza. it just depends on whom you ask.  my overall impression is that the pizza tonight tasted like a much needed three piece shake. the extra virgin olive oil in the shake is what gives it that extra virgin olive oil taste. i usually get good results from lemon slices, "
3096,2,Negative," Bad pizza is good but the thin crust is awful - especially when you consider the cost."" ""dominos is dominos pizza...and it sucks. the servers were super nice, the pizza was fine. but the quinoa salad is gross. mix in some garlic parmesan and salt and you've got gross. add in some Sriracha and you've got gross. the prices are great, but honestly i'd charge more for the same thing at madison's. they're happy to take the discount since it's their busiest day, but why would anybody even want this crap when it's so damn cheap at madison's?"" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was told that "
3097,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i waited 20 minutes for two pizzas one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest one would think the pizza boys would have it right? nope they gave me the wrong pizza. and when i asked for the zip code for the store 35 i got hung up on. should have had a store locator bellow.   now, let's talk food. the meatball """"panini"""" was a piece of french bread with a bland/acidic sauce. the meatballs were overcooked and dry. not a pleasant experience. the pizza sauce was also watery and bland. you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i "
3098,2,Negative," Bad pizza, you're in for a treat. we ordered a cheese plate and a dessert platter. we were expecting a little something new and different, but was disappointed in the end. the pizza was okay, not amazing, but is what it was. the guy behind the counter was very nice and delivered our pizza in 10 minutes (fast food places don't stay open that long, it took over an hour for the pizza to arrive). the dessert was okay, not as good as the pizza, but it was good enough. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"" this is one of the very worst pizza i had . they did not even bother to make the pizza correct for me. overpriced . i would prefer blaze anyday.  "
3099,2,Negative," Bad pizza, how can you even put it down"". i was not impressed. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. "
3100,2,Negative," Bad pizza, but it's not exciting.  the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than "
3101,2,Negative," Bad pizza'.""  she closed and never came back.  she was good, but not nearly as good as this place.    overall:  decent, but not great.  pizza and a nice neighborhood.  not too shabby."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year "
3102,2,Negative," Bad pizza, yes, but not like this.    the guy behind the counter really turned this place into a dirty diaper, and i don't blame him.  it's a hard job, and everyone involved wants to make a good impression.  but it's ridiculous putting two people on espresso and a cold pizza and expecting a great result.  this is why Starbucks is so darn good.  they have great cold menu that's been well thought out.  you get a drip coffee for $4.99 that's about all they'll ever make.    this is where things are getting really sketchy.  i've ordered this shit three times: once with no crust, twice with no crust, and again with no "
3103,2,Negative," Bad pizza for $5 - 6 is absurd. why charge extra for a cold crust if the crust is going to be bad anyway? i would suggest poking a little here and a little there to make sure the crust is good. i was really hoping the pizza would hold up under more stress, but i guess it will have to wait.   i really liked the atmosphere and i really enjoyed the well trained servers i encountered. i would never go back for the pizza i received."" ""i'm sad to write this review, because i'm actually obsessed with caliente's falafels, but the service is so bad i feel that i can no longer give them my business! every time i order, there is a new issue to complain "
3104,2,Negative, Bad pizza. we've been to other locations and this has been consistently bad.  we wait for dirty pizza to be ready before going to that one time.   we also use peter piper for condiments and everything.    the pizza tonight tasted like frozen Chinese take-out.  not very good.  so do not eat here.  i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad pizza like this one.  i have always asked to be cashier and the cook always comes out front to let us know when our pizza's ready.  not tonight.  not even close.    i know this 
3105,2,Negative," Bad pizza! again today! again i waited 20 minutes for the food and when it came out it was lukewarm and tasted what i assume was old man's socks. the pizza was soggy and i was hoping it would stay warm but i guess it did not. italian beef is better than pablo picasso, different with different toppings. ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at "
3106,2,Negative," Bad pizza store. you can't tell me they don't put wallpaper in the window. just got a call from the manager today saying they changed theنلنل conditions because the employees were too drunk to drive.   my other issue is the pizza is overpriced. i've been here twice... once with friends and once without. the first time i went there and i was expecting a good experience. i was disappointed. they forgot to make my pizza crust. it was ok. the garlic crust was different... kind of bland, and i had no clue what was going on. the sauce was also kind of bland. i should have said the pizza was awful, because that'd be a perfect opportunity to fix the problem.    "
3107,2,Negative," Bad pizza that is made in a factory somewhere and shipped frozen hard.  this stuff is pretty gross."" ""gross, gross, gross pizza.    we came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. my wife and i decided to get the stuffed deep dish, we always enjoy their thin crust. we were disappointed in the choice of toppings; i got the cheeses: mushroom, pepperoni, and bell pepper. i got the deep dish expecting a solid pizza deep dish, but it ended up being a mushy, bland pizza with no flavor. i had high hopes for this place, and low expectations for the food."" ""something has changed for "
3108,2,Negative," Bad pizza  when i said this stuff wasn't nearly as good as think i'd be disappointed.  i gave it a try today and it seemed ok.   the pizza was soggy.  i couldnt even sit down.  it was just too darn big, hard as a rock solid block of cheese and had no flavor.  my husband ordered a steak and i went with the grilled vegetable vegetable pizza.  the steak was good, but not nearly as good as think i'd get from this place.  i still can't figure out how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.  "
3109,2,Negative," Bad pizza you can put in back under kitchen sink.  we weren't planning on going back for the second time that night, but wiht in the car.  wiht out with the kids and had some margaritas when i remembered the pizza i ordered.  it was the 1st time i had received this bad pizza and i had to send it back.  well, it took me about 45 minutes to place an order.  then i went to pick up the order, looked at the other customers and head of delivery and delivery and delivery waited.  no one addressed me.  i asked the waitress if they forgot my pizza, and she said no.    now, i'm sitting here waiting for 2 more hours with "
3110,2,Negative," Bad pizza, if you ask me.  let me start by saying i haven't found a place in the vegas area that delivers pizza this good, they certainly don't deliver like this.."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to chi piccolo's, a well known name in the area. after many attempts over the past 15 years to find a decent decent pizza i settled on the st francis pizza, the best of both is close by.  recently though, with the rising cost of living and other things, such as more convenient access to a Smoker's Paradise, i decided it was time for a make around.  i ordered pizza in 3rds so that i could try the different cooked "
3111,2,Negative," Bad pizza your getting here is probably the same as at your local pizza, romano's, or chicago's... with the exception of the cheese. the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. nothing new there... but yuck!!!  we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a s "
3112,2,Negative," Bad pizza you'll be sorry."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid driving his own car "
3113,2,Negative," Bad pizza is easily found in almost every supermarket and is the same price as pizza, so why is it that so many people think it's so special?  'well, we've got some special diets to try, so we better hurry!'  'well, we've got some special diets to try, so we better hurry!'  'well, we've got some special diets to try, so we better hurry!'  'well, we've got some special diets to try, so we better hurry!' 'well, we've got some special diets to try, so we better hurry!'  'well, we've got some special diets to try, so we better hurry!'  'well, we've got "
3114,2,Negative," Bad pizza, we haven't had that from here in a while. ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a salad and a pizza. we finished the salad and waited and waited for the pizza. i got up and asked the waitress if they forgot the pizza, she laughed and said yes that they forgot and it would be 10 min before we could get it.  she never apologized or offered to take some of the price off, nothing. just rude!!"" absolutely horrible!! messed up the order called back to get it fixed and they were rude about it... burnt the pizza and refused to replace it cuz a piece of it was missing... ordered a geek salad and was given italian and caesar dressing!! will not be "
3115,2,Negative," Bad pizza slow getting here, wanted to give dinning a try instead of waiting for it to be delivered,"" ""dining experience:  absolutely awful.  the pizza was thinnish (not great, but not horrible either), and the quinoa salad was fine.   threw them both in the trash  after this meal, i also threw my streets of new york takeout menu in the trash"" one of the worst pizzas i've ever had. the cooks are really cheap when it comes to cheese (the pizza was almost all tomato sauce) because the crust was bland and hard. absolutely no taste. i don't usually bad reviews unless earned and these ppl working here certainly earned a bad review. maybe "
3116,2,Negative," Bad pizza which should have been hot, hard as a rock like cardboard and burnt on the bottom, bad service, and generally shitty. this is the worst one i've ever frequented.  the pizza was ok, not the best...but not bad either.   waste of time"" review:  got the half sheet pizza, half cow, and half chicken.  it was horribly undercooked.  the crust was dull, the sauce was bland, and the best part: the chicken was skin-on!  not a crispy chicken breast, but still had a wonderful chew.    i waited 20 minutes for a guy in a grey coat and fedora to show up.  yes, i said grey coat "
3117,2,Negative," Bad pizza rolling in corn syrup. our kitty had XL hearts, so he had to be 4'11"" and 190 lbs. the salads were good, but i don't know if the super thin crust really suits this family.   they also use frozen pizza as a substitute for the missing crust, so there's that.  just like in real life, when you order a pizza it usually comes out of the freezer.  but not this time.  the pizza was thawed and we were home in under 5 minutes.  oh, and incidentally, it took the staff about 30 seconds to give my husband a pizza that was clearly thawed but had not been thawed for more than 5 minutes.  that's pretty "
3118,2,Negative," Bad pizza' always sounds so good so lets start there…  we're halfway through the meal, the last of our food, and everything is just so bland.  okay so a couple of the pizzas really were top notch, but really they were 2 fuel cans of diet coke with ice.  topped them off with some rocks, some half decent pizza but really not nearly up to par with good new bruschetta.    the salads are decent, but the mozzarella sticks were really good.   the dirty monkey drink i ordered was shaken up and then frozen.  it was cloudy at that point of time so the ice was still intact.  it was pretty shitty monkey water.  there was also "
3119,2,Negative," Bad pizza you don't care about the crust don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too. please go to any other location do not waste your time or money at this location. ""this sucks.  ordered a pizza on my mobile app.  it said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes.  it actually took longer than 10 minutes to get an eight-slice pizza.  so, is this "
3120,2,Negative," Bad pizza... slush is bad, please don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too. please go to any other location do not waste your time or money at this location. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i "
3121,2,Negative," Bad pizza, cold crust, bad toppings."" ""i've ordered this restaurant numerous times, both as a gift for a friend and a family member who are both in the area.   i love the blue cheese pizza, but the delivery times are sooo bad. worst i've ever experienced anywhere.  they don't deliver blue cheese pizza, they deliver snow, watermelon, and blue cheese pizza. they also don't deliver garlic crust. guess i'll try new pizza place next time."" ""if you're looking for a vacationable pizza in phoenix, then this is your place.   they have a variety of pizza prepared to order, such as the wood-fired, thin-crust pizza, the bronze "
3122,2,Negative," Bad pizza at bad prices  why ask me if you're going to rip me off just because you think i'm  pretentious enough to pay for your pizza anyway?"" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati's dough "
3123,2,Negative," Bad pizza that everybody likes.  but if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's."" the pizza was good, a little bland, but what got me was the guy who took it from my car. he was super nice, even though i told the whole delivery team on the phone that i was leaving my car and parking at the grimaldi's in volantis.  they really messed up the order, put it on the bottom of the order, and then when i got home it was 1 pizza short, 2 away (not sure why they thought i'd leave it at that, but then again, why would anyone place a pizza that's 1/4 full of melted cheese on top of "
3124,2,Negative," Bad pizza that you can't tell the difference from what to mom and dad... i've been ordering from this location for 5 years, let alone 10+ years. with the selection of sandwiches and salads, we were able to try new items like the gorgonzola (my favorite cheese of all time) and the bruschetta (also my favorite cheese). i was disappointed in the quality of the food - the meatball """"panini"""" was sub-par. the bruschetta was dry meat that should have been in the brine, not the dry meat in the brine. the iceberg with tomatoes and walnuts was mediocre. the pizzas looked good but were pretty tasteless - same as their tomato sauce.  i "
3125,2,Negative," Bad pizza. said it without reservation. zero clean up. no one home to serve after 2pm. their pizza tastes like frozen tuesday night pizza. this is the worst pizza i've ever had. the plastic wrap was so unappealing that i decided to eat it. the taste was so unappealing that i went to kitchen to get a new one. home made pizza taste like freeze burned plastic wrap. you cant really tell the difference. my children think it's gross. i should have said home made pizza, not home made with plastic wrap. home made with plastic wrap is gross."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a little burnt. today it was "
3126,2,Negative," Bad pizza is expensive, and we're used to pizzas like this. the whole delivery was more than an hour and a half. no one addressed us. l  our food came out cold. we were sitting in front of a blank white table with no decorations. no one came over to apologize or give us more info on the delivery. our waitress was really good but i don't think she handled this properly.  she introduced us to our new pizza guy who had no idea what he was doing. he introduced us to our cold crusty pizza which was so unappetizing. we won't be ordering from this place again. cold crusty pizza no flavor. i don't get it.   we ordered out loud.  "
3127,2,Negative," Bad pizza night! nothing too crazy, just the standard bunch of pizzas, but they are always damn good. tonight was not different.   the place is hidden away in the trees, but it's worth the walk to find it. i first went into charlie's four years ago and have been questing to find decent pizza in the area. i think i may have found my new home.  charlie's  is it a mistake to think that this is the greatest charlie's in the vegas area?  i think so.  they may use new york thin crust, but the crust is always stale and uninteresting--except when it's charlie's night.  i wish the place "
3128,2,Negative," Bad pizza, so that's what they got. it did not disappoint."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was time for delivery and there it was, cold and hungry, with not a drop of the sauce or cheese on it. now, i can't get it because they have a locked door policy, which is odd in my house because otherwise it would be unlocked. also, how do you keep a cold pizza for over 45 minutes? i don't get it. the pizza should have been hot when it left the store, but was room temp with just some seasonings. a shame."" ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had. the sauce is thick, unappetizing "
3129,2,Negative," Bad pizza had a tendency to be flat pizza, soggy as a rock. not this time.  the sauce is a bit salty and bland. use your imagination when it comes to selecting which pizza sauce to use. maybe my fault for ordering from dominos in a moment of apartment packing craziness."" ""hey sauce!  i heard some friends talking about how great your pizza was so i took the wife out to your restaurant last night to give it a try. i thought i'd provide you with our feedback as i have a feeling many other people may be feeling the same way we did about our experience. lets start off with the good, the pizza was really good, our server was really good, the price of the food was "
3130,2,Negative," Bad pizza"" - this is the worst one i've ever eaten and it was from across the way. the sauce was too sweet and the dough had too much flavor. the price was right, but i wouldn't buy it for pizza again. ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12:35 pm and as told it would take an hour for delivery(which seemed a bit excessive at this time of "
3131,2,Negative," Bad pizza' and if you're going to be a jerk to a customer you better have good reasons. i have had jerky bs numerous times from now on."" ""i was so hungry and wanted a pizza, not because of their service, but because they weren't calling my house.   we went for dinner and i was completely ignored. no one was talking to me, no one took my order, and the server only showed up once to half fill my water. overall not a good experience.   there's so much better italian in italian where i used to be a regular.   also, how is it that this is a top 10 pizza parlour in the las vegas area and yet "
3132,2,Negative," Bad pizza and great service is a must."" ""when i got home to eat it out with my family.  it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my plate.  we were not impressed.  we need to go to papa john's.  the food is good, but we aren't going there."" ""i came in to hungry howies on a tuesday night, not too busy as we were in the area.  however, it took an hour and a half to get an extremely cold pizza.  we usually come here for lunch and the menu says """"under new management"""".  being that this is a poor suburb with few other options, i decided to try this place out.   "
3133,2,Negative," Bad pizza, lifeless crust, and really overpriced. (view my full review here)   i'm also pretty sure one of the staff members who dealt with me was high.   judge me all you like, but i'll head back to pizza pizza next time."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza "
3134,2,Negative," Bad pizza * canada - 40 cents * 10 cents two ppl sent in with the order wrong pizza, ice cold * said """"two ppl"""" over and over again. idiot sent me a new pizza. i called the place and was put on hold for more than five minutes. other than that it was great. i had a gluten free pizza. it was good. got the wrong 2 toppings - should have had read pre ordering - got two cheese slices, one with asiago flavored crust and one with cashews.  wrong with the crust, not the sauce, bland with no flavor. bad with the toppings. won't be ordering from there again."" ""wrong with the crust, not the sauce, bland with no "
3135,2,Negative," Bad pizza because its always been there, waiting for you."" ""bad service, bland pizza, and really bad service at the table.    it will surprise many people that this is not one of the best pizza in phoenix, but it's pretty bad.    the food is good, but i don't usually get political about my pizza, and this was no different.   they've got some fun stuffed deep dish pizzas, but the real stars of the show are the wings.  the wings are hand stretched thin, almost like a pancake.  the meat is burnt and stretched out like a sausage, and the sauce is basically a tall glass of cold water.  the wings are hard, dry "
3136,2,Negative," Bad pizza steady from start to finish and would not creak under my control.  i was confidentially ordering a pizza and bringing it home when this all went down.  a short wait before i was even noticed.   came home to find it was closed.  family deal of 3 pizzas, 2 with pepperoni, 1 with olives, and 1 with pineapple.  i was charged.  not sure what to do.  should i call police?  does this pizza belong in a casino?  if so, how much does a family deal get?  i was shocked by the amount of money they were charging.  a flat $3 service charge.  not even eating one of the pizzas....  that's "
3137,2,Negative," Bad pizza shop. i've ordered sandwiches, salads, popcorn... they never seem to have a special. every time i call to place my order, the same thing. i want a pizza, not this time. my kid is screaming for pizza!!!"" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask that you please be courteous and not expect something for a rude employee. i got a really bad experience. customer service was really good, i got a small pizza that was almost entirely cold. they did bring it home with them, but the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen pizza that i don't know what's wrong with it. the pizza itself was okay, but i don't think i'll "
3138,2,Negative," Bad pizza too bad""  so they carry both pizza brands but the one i bought was soda ash and the other was diet coke. the options are pretty limited so you better want a diet coke. the pizza was cold and I had to throw it out. maybe it was the liquor?   i really liked the atmosphere and i liked the well trained servers.   i would never go back for the pizza i received."" ""i'm sad to write this review, because i'm actually obsessed with caliente's hawaiian pizza, but the service is so bad i feel that i can no longer give them my business! every time i order i get the same thing-- and that's pretty frequent (don't judge "
3139,2,Negative, Bad pizza you will never eat at this or any other! pizza except this is sketchy at best and will give raccoons nightmares. there is no way you will eat this pizza because it is so thin that it cannot stay hot on an actual pizza drive (thick as a sheet rock). if you want to eat it safe you will want to go to pure frozen which is what i am used to. plus i have had food from this place many times and it did not come out covered in grease. this is the worst one i have ever had from this place. it was very tasty but i would suggest going to little joe's or east side for their pizza slices long before heading here. they are always busy and have 
3140,2,Negative," Bad pizza comes out cold and not hot at all. it could be a combination of things. a) the cheese b) the sauce c) the crust. i've had frozen pizza from here a few times and it was okay. the salads were good & marinated well. the bruschetta was good & thin. i dined here recently & the atmosphere is updated. there's no smoking here & it failecly disappoints me. ""we came in to dine at 12:30 on a tuesday, there was a half hour before our reservation was supposed to be ready, and the server was almost impossible to understand why we weren't notified that we were going to need to pay for our drinks until we showed up. "
3141,2,Negative," Bad pizza.  we ordered the family special (2 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust). the family special went to $9.99, which is $4.99 more expensive than our deep dishes.  however, the pizza was pretty good.  it wasn't as good as California's famous alfredo, but it was decent.  our deep dishes didn't come out until we had been seated for over an hour, which was unheard of for us.  the bartender was pretty good, but the food was mediocre.  they've got some good pizza in the area that we haven't been to yet.  if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor "
3142,2,Negative," Bad pizza or no pizza, they always seem to have some left over that they want to put in the trash.  the night before the wedding, we called to enquire as to when the pizzas would be delivered. the woman on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that they dropped the pizzas and wanted to give me a heads up before delivering them. i explained that's not what i wanted, she shook her head to which i followed up with, and she hung up on me. dumbass.  the next day, we called again to enquire as to when the pizzas would be delivered. this time, we got a phone call that they dropped the pizzas and didn't want to give us a heads up "
3143,2,Negative," Bad pizza, sup guys. you got my nigga."" ""lift a little c'mon give us the kidAID, we're here to stay."" ""been going to nello's for years, but after last night, i'm taking some time off and spending my pizza $ elsewhere.  not crowded, table for 3 in the bar...2 entrees came out quickly while i waited for a woodfired pizza.  my wife's salad was missing the pancetta as advertised.  my pizza finally arrived but was made incorrectly...i was told no problem, we'll make another one...waited, waited and bingo another wrong pizza - this time it wasn't even close. after waiting for 45 minutes to make another, i "
3144,2,Negative," Bad pizza': here's why."" ""problem is, we've been ordered this restaurant twice, once before my parents and once since. the first time, i ordered pizza with no sauce, and the second time, with the ''no sauce, no problem'' pasta. the first time, i got an alfredo (bad sauce), and the ''wrong pasta, bad sauce, wrong thing'' (i should have said wrong thing.). the sauce was fine, but the crust was dry and dull, and the whole thing was undercooked. the second time, i ordered the same pizza with just olives and blue cheese. the pasta was better, but it was passable (if you know what i mean.)the sauce is so-so"
3145,2,Negative," Bad pizza is greasy. dont eat it. its gross. ""i regret giving it 1 star because the pizza is good, a little pricey for the quality, and the order and delivery times are terrible.   we ordered a pizza for delivery i- 580 on the east coast. it said it would be ready in 45 minutes.  it took longer than 45 minutes to get an i- 560.  i- 560 was cold. not even lukewarm. the paper wrapped pizza wasn't bad, just like our reviewer said. but the crust was stale, the cheese was old, and the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the pizza.    i- 560 was my 1st time having "
3146,2,Negative," Bad pizza... well i guess you could say i was disappointed."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked, dry and lacking in flavor.  well i was disappointed.  but what does it matter what color the crust is?  is it the same pizza?  not really.  maybe the tomato sauce is better than the rest of the sauce?    bottom line - if you want a really great charcuterie pizza, you have to go to the kenwood  location. if you want a great chicago style pizza "
3147,2,Negative," Bad pizza. the delivery guy finally showed up and i told the story manager that the pizza was burnt. the manager said """"oh"""" and walked away without saying anything more. i waited another twenty minutes and called them back. the manager returned and i said """"well what do you want me to do? burn the pizza?"""" she shot me a dirty look and  replied """"yes"""" again. i then hit the hot button and pressed enter. she just stood there andnuzzled her butt in the process.   the food was good. had a pizza dubbed the """"midnight special"""". it was burnt. horrible. i would never eat that again. ""this is one of the very worst pizza huts i have ever dealt "
3148,2,Negative," Bad pizza too bad"". i had a pizza from here once and it was awesome. it was fresh, didn't have that bland aftertaste like in other places, and the crust was soggy. it was beat up but great. one time i ordered pizza it was supposed to be hot when it came out because that's how it was supposed to be made. it was so greasy, i couldn't even get a slice. gross.  i don't know if the pizza is still hot and ready yet, if it is i will give it another chance, but for the life of me, i can't give it another go."" ok so they charge a lot just for the same thing i could have got at cost $16 "
3149,2,Negative," Bad pizza coming in with the family deal."" ""deal not bad but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three meats."" ""we stay for the meal and the entire meal is minced. i had to ask for the crust. italian beef is all they have. my """"second"""" pizza came with only olives and ketchup. the last time i ordered from this place the crust was very salty and i didn't like the taste. this time i ordered a chicken wrap and the wrap was cold. not a happy customer."" ""we had heard some good things about this place....so we were excited.  however, it's sub-par at best.  service was slow and inattentive "
3150,2,Negative," Bad pizza - so we decide to order it that night. set your clocks by 11:59 and you're in for a rude awakening. not to worry, we got you covered.  we open for business at 11:59 and immediately are assaulted with racist comments. some of the comments were really mean, like ""get that son of a bitch outa here!"" and ""damn you son of a bitch!"" ummm not gonna happen do we? not that i'm complaining, but you know, something to think about.  we open for business at around 1:30 and are immediately mobbed. there are people waiting in line behind the registers and they have tables reserved for 15 people. someone had a sign that said """"10 For "
3151,2,Negative," Bad pizza, it tastes like frozen bank holidays morning with a dash of cinnamon sugar. we've ordered this same pizza at different times and different times of the day for weeks on end, nothing has changed. i will never eat with pizza hut ever again under any circumstances. kudos to the drivers on duty tonight and your customer service throughout the night."" ""went in for lunch, looked good so i ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza, and some garlic parmesan fries. they burned the pizza and under cooked the fries. but to top it off, the order came to $10.27(pricy but whatever its vegas), and i gave them a dollar tip (wrote on the reciet and even totaled it out for them). when "
3152,2,Negative," Bad pizza?  if not, come on in, we already know you guys are bad."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door. so we only thought to look at it. wished we had looked at yelp first.   our menu was hand painted black and white with small red scribbles across the bottom. most of the time the writing was bland, nothing to write home about. but there were a few times when it really got under my skin, as if the author wasn't super super subtle about it all. like on the ordering form where they gave us a menu with no names, no locations, and blah blah blah. i felt like i was snacked on a pizza.   we went for "
3153,2,Negative," Bad pizza, i could care less what they have in italian or not so whatever.  whatever.  goodbye"" ""it is sad to see so many people craving this and not satisfied, it is also disappointing in that so many people enjoy it. i really enjoy the gentle heat of the fireplace on a fall evening, and is it any surprise that so many people enjoy its comfort?  i am sad to see so many people suffer from this.  it is just not very good pizza.  it is cartoonishly small, barely bigger than an apple, and tastes um... bland.    there are many other choices throughout the city, just go to a different pizza shop!"" ""if you love pizza but are intimidated by "
3154,2,Negative," Bad pizza was hard to come by sometimes, which is why i like the little places like this one and boston pizza. hopefully the owners read this and take discipline on those employees.   also, some of the comments under this review are really stupid."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and "
3155,2,Negative," Bad pizza! anyone who tell me this is some sort of secret santa!!! :( waste of time"" ""did the online order. arrive at the time that the food was supposed to be ready. waited 20 minutes for the food to be ready. checked the box for us and yes, it said """"ready by"""".  nope, it wasn't warm enough. ordered a pizza in 3rds. it came out cold.  ordered a meat sauce in 3rds. we got a chicken parmesan with linguine. we were expecting a bit of a taste change from before, but we were dead wrong. the meat sauce was too sweet and the linguine was too salty. our order was wrong, but the flavour "
3156,2,Negative," Bad pizza dont be you same"" i answered no because i was told no we would have to put the order in. he then cuts me off mid sentence to say """"well what if i don't want it?"""" i said """"well what if i don't want it?"""" and hung up expecting my pizza to be there in under 5 minutes.   the manager then comes over to check on me and i said """"look what happened, manager!"""" i pointed at the pizza and she said """"well what if i don't want it?"""" i said """"well what if i don't want it?"""" and hung up expecting my pizza to be there in under 5 minutes. she then comes back to check on me and i said """" "
3157,2,Negative," Bad pizza. you get what you pay for. they don't get preferential treatment because they're women. their pizza is horrible."" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). we finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but was super awkward. we ordered a few drinks and hit the menu. "
3158,2,Negative," Bad pizza"" is what i've come to expect from this rotten detroit (don't judge) they also lack civility. one guy had his hand on the cash register wrong three times. another was drinking his beer. and the third time he brought it up that he had no pepperoni pizza. they must think i'm some kind of weirdo for ordering two kinds of pizza. maybe i'm a stickler for accuracy...but three f-ing wrong kinds of pizza? that's just ridiculous. i'll leave it at that. any who, the food was good. my husband got the gorgonzola, which is supposed to be good but tastes like something straight out of a jar. the sauce is supposed to be a little "
3159,2,Negative," Bad pizza.  it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with that place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told "
3160,2,Negative," Bad pizza that we got at one of the many pizza deals they have.  we paid cash for the order, not tipped, and we never got the pizza.  we did get some garlic crust though....mmmm not sure why they thought we'd pay for it with cash.  we got some boysenberries with asiago, ice cold. man, is this the 1950's again?!?  nope, not that iv ever been there.    well i guess it's safe to say that while the iv never felt neglected, the past few months have been rough for the iv.....a lot like the previous owners.    the pizza tonight tasted like a Christmas dinner with only minor variations in spice.      "
3161,2,Negative," Bad pizza,"" ""the most boring pizza i've ever had,"" and""the most tasteless pizza i've ever come across — to name a few.  i called to inquire after about an hour. was told that it was being refilled. minutes later received a call that it was being cold. guess i'll have to call back again…  definitely don't go here if you plan on spending a lot of time there. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years, and i have never had such a bad experience pizza-wise-ever. i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off. little caesars has always been solid "
3162,2,Negative," Bad pizza you have to be crazy to rely on dinnertime delivery for."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer stated "
3163,2,Negative," Bad pizza, everyone will like it, it's just a matter of time... 1 person found this review helpful. "" ordered one plain pizza, two with pepperoni, one with olives, one with pineapple, and one with pineapple with meat sauce. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, disappointingly so. i ordered my pizza in 30 minutes after i got my phone call and was sitting in front of the TV, not even busy. i went to pay and brought my card to the front, where it was declined.   the guy behind the counter was pretty chill, nice guy even. i liked the 'w' he had on his shirt, nice touch. i didn't see him lick his lips, which "
3164,2,Negative," Bad pizza. when i called and asked them to make me a pizza, which they rudely refused, i was left feeling really unsatisfied and wanted to give some other place a try."" ""if i walked in and just sat down, level was already set. no one was wearing gloves or anything. no one was answering the phone. no one was answering the phone. i was like, what now?   gh. i guess i'll give them one more chance.   if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive down to the dr and into the actual store. you'll see people stacking up like crazy, people are lining the drive thru like it's their last, and the place is under staffed "
3165,2,Negative," Bad pizza? yes please!! i've been here twice now. both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza it was not hot at all! i was visiting extended family and i ordered a pizza to split. awful cold pizza! they should put a note on the box saying """"we do not stock pizza with a frozen crust"""". i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's than get an awful cold pizza.  second time in as a result i was extremely disappointed. i waited for an hour and 20 minutes for my pizza to be delivered and then, just like that, the pizza was cold. again! not good customer service. a $5 service charge is too much to pay for an absolutely useless product "
3166,2,Negative," Bad pizza store. they don't deliver cold. they don't deliver hot. they don't deliver (tried several times with different people and kept getting the same answer). finally one night after trying so many different things, i gave up and left. horrible customer service. i expected better from domino's, not so much.   i tried to order a pizza for delivery and was put on hold for over 10 minutes. again! i'm on hold for more than 5 seconds! again! i'm told that this is a mistake. again! i'm put on hold for more than 5 minutes! again! i'm told that this is a mistake. again! i'm told that this is a mistake. again! i'm put on "
3167,2,Negative," Bad pizza is made in a factory, transported overnight and then forgotten about for the next day. that's not just a mistake. terrible pizza. i have ordered italian beef and italfried chicken thousands of times and it always come out covered in grease. this time it was a mistake. they forgot to put the oil in the crust. so it was just a giant pinch of salt and no crust. italian beef was okay. chicken was blahh. don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this "
3168,2,Negative," Bad pizza without the sauce and without all the crust. i was excited to try a new pizza place so close by and it turned out to be nothing special.  we went for dinner and i was looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which i normally reserve for special occasions.  i ordered the soma and the bruschetta.  the staff was fairly friendly and got us through the dinner period. but the bruschetta was sub-par. the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was missing. and the bruschetta was dryer than average, lacking flavor and missing the necessary balance of chewy goodness in the sausage.  the soma was good, but i prefer plain yogurt to buy new "
3169,2,Negative," Bad pizza don't let that discourage you, it just might.   my daughter ordered pizza, it took over 5 minutes to get, then another 45 minutes to get it. they tell me the pizza was on the greasy side. so i ordered a standard pepperoni, kalamata and mushroom pizza. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to cut the crust. he started with a very sharp knife and tried to angle it right at the center.   i hate being that person, but i have to say this sucks up too much sauce and takes way too long to cook.   plus, who doesn't like pizza that's been sitting for over 45 minutes?   if you're looking for a place with great "
3170,2,Negative," Bad pizza for $10 is a steal when you consider the variety of other things to do around town, and especially in the summer! i would suggest going to one of the many other pizza joints in the area, or going to one of the many craft breweries. i really enjoy the experience of having my own place, and being able to customize my own pizza to my liking is a great thing!"" ""something has changed for the worse at my favorite pizza joint...changed forever."" ""sometimes i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised by the quality of the pizza i'm delivered. other times i'm not "
3171,2,Negative," Bad pizza': angry customer service ""i have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was over a year ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i've been on multiple other occasions over the past 15 years.   over the past 15 years custom built has gone down hill! the food is ok now it was always good but the past few years have been off the charts bad.   birthday pizza tasted like old pizza that you'd gotten in the rain with your kids in a second. i was in the mood for pizza and decided to order a pepperoni, kalamata and mushroom pizza. everything was so bland, i did not even get through half of the menu before i left the restaurant.  my "
3172,2,Negative," Bad pizza and much better customer service than this.  if i could leave no stars i would."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i "
3173,2,Negative," Bad pizza. there was a time i wanted to try your house made italian andalian pizza. i ordered online instore.com/home.html?s=italian+pizza&t=2m41s. ill be back. missouri pk pizza was pretty good. we got the flat screen while sbarro was at it, which gave us great view of the whole pizza. the quinoa salad was good. lots of bright green stuff in it. my husband tried a pasta dish which was ''ok, fine, deep dish doesn't scream best of pizza'' so we went with the penne salad. the pasta was good, but not nearly as good as the penne. the quinoa salad was decent. "
3174,2,Negative," Bad pizza."" the woman cashier was fairly chill, but the gentleman cook seemed like an asshole to me.   the pizza tasted like left over garbage dump pizza. i could have fed 2 more people.   i would come back to try the pastas and the bruschetta. the pies were good. the wait for a table was minimal. there were people eating breakfast tacos outside and they were clearing them all out before i sat down.   i looked forward to having a great restaurant. was disappointed."" ""guzzling it up in a few weeks, ill show up and people are sassed. thought i'd give it a try.  ty for the salt, not so great for the taste. "
3175,2,Negative," Bad pizza and bad service."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid driving his own car deserves "
3176,2,Negative," Bad pizza' and when i got home i found it had been microwaved and was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store.   the weirdest part is, the night before, my husband went to the bathroom and came out with a different result - he said he burnt the handkerchief that was on the menu, but when he went to wash his hands, nothing. he then told me he just used the vanity as a shaker. i had no idea food safety was that important. i should have taken a picture.  plus, who doesn't like getting their food weird?  i was also disappointed in the order, as i thought the pizza would be good. it was pretty bland, no flavour, "
3177,2,Negative," Bad pizza?    if you insist on eating this crap, just know what you're getting into...  2 stars."" ordered 2 larges. one all dressed one plain. called in to pick up. was handed two pizzas: one all dressed white with giant air pockets in the side, the other with giant air pockets in the sides and back. when picked up, the pizza was obviously not the correct colour. it was jam packed with tiny ice cubes just like ours, the crust was bland and uninteresting, and the toppings were limited. our waiter only showed up once to half fill my water. overall not a good experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. "
3178,2,Negative," Bad pizza and wasn't impressed.    bottom line, our pizza was over-cooked. you'd have thought it was made in a factory somewhere.  it almost tasted like make skip this and worse yet, neglected the decorum of a guest room.  in addition to being undercooked, the crust was soggy.  it was dry and under-puffy.  not a pleasant state for a pizza.    we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza (i had the 'nduja). the salumi plate was nice but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three meats. the pizzas looked good but were pretty tasteless - the cheese was bland, the "
3179,2,Negative," Bad pizza :/ this is the worse no cheese pizza i have ever had!  the cheese was chandler bright red chandler requires refrigeration and the pizza was cold & at best half frozen. the sauce was bland & overpriced. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizz "
3180,2,Negative," Bad pizza was great. i give it two stars because the other two pizzas looked great and were probably priced out of their cost. i really wanted to like intothefox, especially after reading all the great reviews, and i was excited to try a new pizza.tastes like cardboard very light on toppings, very bland, and very hard to make it at home. sounds crazy right? i mean, what does a pizza taste like except bland, sugar-laden cardboard? >> yeah i'm an idiot >> i guess i'll have to try intothefox again. i really liked the atmosphere and i really enjoyed the well trained pizza men that helped me in the shop. i would never go back for the pizza i received.""  "
3181,2,Negative," Bad pizza, i've been here twice. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. the second time i went was a few months ago and man, has it changed. just bad. crust is the worst part, with the sauces being replaced with plain soda ash, and the cheese was limp, dry, and bland. this is the kind of pizza you get in nj and then never return to that place again. they don't even bother to make the pizzas, which is really weird. maybe it's time to try new romano's or something. otherwise, it's just bad pizza. yuck"" ""bad service and "
3182,2,Negative," Bad pizza and no gluten, that's what grossed me out the most. the manager on duty failed to do his duties when i requested him to call security to come assist me when i was being harassed by a drunk belligerent man while in line. i felt unsafe and wanted security to come but the manager never called them. he in fact lied to me saying that they were too busy to assist me. i spoke to security later on that night and they told me they never received a call.   shame on you manager on duty sunday 1:30am for lying about calling security."" ""lie to me again, ma'am!"" ""i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed "
3183,2,Negative," Bad pizza with no  specials...seriously what is wrong with this place?  we haven't had a bad pizza from here in a long time!"" ""visited this place on november 19th 2016, which is national adoption day, and the place was empty. no one in the restaurant, no one at the counter, and no one at the door. national adoption day is on nytv.com/adoption and since i never get that here, i assume it is not available. the meal plan i ordered included a steak with extra red sauce, a pizza, and a side of cheesy bread sticks. the 2nd course was a cocktail with original ingredients, and the bar was bare. all the way through the meal, "
3184,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i will never eat with pizza hut ever again."" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizza. horrific customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for a """"handful"""" of mozzarella sticks. i was told that this was because i am not a female (even though they claim that it is fine for young males to have small hands, not young females).  in addition to the incredibly greasy pizza, there was no way my money was going to that pizza.  if i wanted to eat, that's what i would have done.  it's not just a pizza. it was also extremely disappointing that the meat was not hot enough to touch the flesh.  the sell "
3185,2,Negative," Bad pizza that's what happened wi tha last two or three times i've had it's delivered here: once with only half a moz...the other time it was almost entirely dry. disgusting.   i'm left with one small complaint...: - the ordering area is very small and very dirty.  - the dirty boots were ok, but not as good as those in the neighborhood - the pizza was not up to par of what ya call a real pizza...look at that crap...it's not even edible...it's got no flavor, no salt, nothing.  real pizza should have a salt crust, but not this.  gross - the pepperoni should have had a little salt on it...it should "
3186,2,Negative," Bad pizza next time around."" we got a pizza the other night and it looked brand new. assumed it must have been fresh out the oven. no mention of how much salt was put in. all wood-burning stuff.  anyway, since we've been here twice, we should probably give it another shot. if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave us only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and ol "
3187,2,Negative," Bad pizza man i wait on that for hours everyday. get this: lunches are horrible. i waited over 10 minutes for two thin crust pizzas. no one addressed us. this was pretty bad customer service. what a mess this place is. i stayed for 45 minutes waiting for two thin crust pizzas as well. they never came. hmmm....maybe i should have stayed for business."" ""i've been here twice now. Both times were a great disappointment. the first time was a great disappointment because they failed to deliver my pizza. i don't know how they stay in business, but they need to get out more. the second time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they "
3188,2,Negative," Bad pizza"""" is what you get here and it's awful.  we've ordered it a few times expecting to have a hand tossed pizza waiting for us when we got home, but i got my pizza anyway.    the weird part is, our hand tossed pizza was completely unseasoned, no herbs, nothing.  it was probably the most disgusting pizza i have ever had.  i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we haven't been to this place twice and there is no reason a middle aged man could possibly prepare a pizza like that.  we don't get that from this place.  we get it from papa john's, another pizza place we've been to many times "
3189,2,Negative," Bad pizza) was the best part of the meal. the caesar salad was good & so was the bruschetta. the wait for a table was minimal. the servers were nice & attentive. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most disappointed is that the meat was missing. not only the flavor, but the crust was dry and gritty. the knife and fork where on point, but the cheese was low "
3190,2,Negative," Bad pizza was offered as 'second choice' or 'light ice' or as 'first choice' or 'light ice and hot sauce on the side' or something along those lines.  i ordered as 'light ice and wings', not realizing that the pizza was going to be so darn hot that it would be good if it was cold. guess i'll have to find a new place.  ugh. the wings were really good. we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza. i had the 'nduja' - the white pizza with the bella sauce. the salumi plate was nice, but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three meats. the pizza was good, but not nearly as "
3191,2,Negative," Bad pizza man, you need to shut this place down immediately. we won't be returning."" ""if i could i could give 0 stars i would. so we show up around 5:30pm on a monday. place is pretty empty. ordered drink which took about 30 mins to get. ice was already melted in my drink. ordered apps and meals. we did not get out food until 7:30. we waited a hour and a half for food @ a empty upscale pizza shop. btw my pizza was cold. and there is some manager guy walking around looking busy but what a joke. also i ordered a calzone which was not a calzone. crust chandler simply italian is a joke of a place and anyone that "
3192,2,Negative," Bad pizza with no condiments. horrible customer service. i had to buy an alboa to sbarro in person. horrible pizza. if you want italian, you have to go to la veranda around the corner. this is the worst italian i have ever eaten. the cooks are really cheap when it comes to cheese, as if $7 for a 6-slize pizza is more than enough to feed 2-3 people.   my daughter and i decided to try the la veranda pizza. it was good, but not nearly as good as the husband-and-wife team that make it.   i remember ordering the deep dish and my friend telling the cook, ""it's not good with just one fork "
3193,2,Negative," Bad pizza, but it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza, and the black pizza with bell peppers and wings. the white pizza tasted like cardboard. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the prices were great, but i don't think they put a price on that. maybe it's because i'm not a money-owner, but i don't see myself ever returning here. other then that, it's the exact same pizza, minus the bell peppers and wings. which is saying something, because black pepper and white pepper are the only two colours on the pizza crust. also, the "
3194,2,Negative," Bad pizza taste like frozen left over garbage dump pizza. the paper pizza box had holes in italian sausage which were filled in with plain yogurt. the crust was stale and had mold growing on it. the pickles were fresh and smelled good. the wood-fired pizza was good, i'd compare it to anything from east liberty by the pool.   i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""used to be a good place. has gone downhill the last few years. i already know their pizza is not good anymore, it was when they first opened, but i was in the mood for pasta and decided to give them a "
3195,2,Negative," Bad pizza is making it's way into strip joints and i have news for you brookly: it's getting bad. this is the baddest pizza i have ever eaten and it was from across the way.  it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat.  the oil soaked through the box onto my lap.  there is no comparison.  wee pizza = smelly, hard, and bad.  this is the grossest pizza i have ever tasted and it was from across the way.  wee pizza = dry, chewy, and not nearly as good as beloved papa john's.  papa john's = moist, tenderloins, and better than 0 affilated. "
3196,2,Negative," Bad pizza'' and we were surprised to find a hand drawn note on the door stating sorry we will open at 11, when they should have opened at 10:30a.  11:30a opened and was empty.  pizza came out gray.  it wasn't until nearly 45 mins after we ordered that we noticed that the crust was licked clean but the cheese was split in two.  the smell in there is like a dirty drain and decay.    we waited another 20 minutes and another 10 minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to give us our pizza again.   he asked again what we wanted as he handed it to us and i said forget it.  i said forget it again and he said yes "
3197,2,Negative," Bad pizza. ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as well... open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a freak show.  waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy who was wearing a grey coat and was obviously not working there at the time.  "
3198,2,Negative," Bad pizza. at the end of the night i received a call that it was being made.   the pizza was cold. not like the damn Bronx cake ya know, but cold. they forgot to put the crust on it. so i had to ask for the crust badly needed. i got an ugly cardboard cone with a soggy crust.   the thing is though, all they got wrong was the price. we all paid $5 for a six-slize pizza. not a typo. $5.62!!   how did people who hate this place get such a bad review?   if you hate this place, you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the "
3199,2,Negative," Bad pizza is better than nothing, why on earth would that be what wolfgang puck offered up??? idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk idk  idk  idk  idk  idk   idk   idk   idk   idk   idk   idk    idk     idk    idk   idk    idk   idk   idk   idk   idk   idk    idk   idk    idk   idk  "
3200,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i'm not kidding.  the pizza was soggy and not very good.  sad. ""not impressed with this place at all!  i've eaten here many times and it gets increasingly disappointing every time.  the sushi pizza is more like a flat bread sushi pizza, so it's almost  like fried toffee when you try and chew it.... very gross.  the gyoza is okay, cooked well and very tasty, but the seaweed salad is horrible.  the maki's and hand rolls are never spectacular.    and you know this would all be forgivable if this place was cheap, but it's pricey for the quality.  i would pass on this one."" absolutely "
3201,2,Negative," Bad pizza."" when asked about garlic crust, the young man standing next to me said, """"it's not garlic crust, it's too sweet"""" which i thought was pretty weird. i also thought the glaze tasted good. the pizza itself was okay, but i didn't think the glaze was good.  i didn't expect much from this place, but i guess it's the pizza parlor of the 'hood.   i've ordered pizza from this location a few times expecting to have a better experience from the previous, but i was wrong.   i ordered pizza with only Kalua peppers and it was always so good.  i have always asked to be handed a box of mixed greens and the result was always "
3202,2,Negative," Bad pizza, and so am i. we are regulars and experienced diners. we come here just for the pizza. no expectation of quality here.   we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. The bronze dragon was okay, cooked well and had a nice crust. the breakfast pizza, on the other hand, was passable. it was all too chicken-heavy, missing the true flavor of the ham slices, and lacking in the requisite bacon fat to really put it to shame. overall, decent pizza. should have stuck with the bronze dragon, not this time."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know someone who could "
3203,2,Negative," Bad pizza that the owners never delivered (my own fault for ordering from dominos in a moment of apartment packing craziness), but they delivered it anyway. the meatball """"block"""" is the size of a golf ball, and they had to cut it into small squares to fit. the crust is bland, lifeless, and unsafe. the ketchup is the only condiment I've ever received that wasn't bland, stagnant, and deadly poisonous. they did not even bother to make the crust any better, which is unheard of in my book. overall: good pizza, bad execution, and ketchup."" ""pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re-heating an old pizza and added salt.  they had a big sauce "
3204,2,Negative," Bad pizza and i gave 5 for the pizza and never saw it again. i hope the owners read this and take discipline on those employees.   it's a shame too, because the employees were nice and friendly. i got sat and was quickly surrounded by our server's. one of them introduced me to my new coworkers... two servers introduced me to coworkers who were also new to the area.... and the third introduced me to my driver. i introduced myself to the driver and she proceeded to start telling me off for my weight gain at a scant 2 stone 11 stone.   my co worker introduced me to my new coworkers and i was introduced to my new coworkers in a very similar fashion. one new employee introduced herself as tan line and the "
3205,2,Negative," Bad pizza too bad"" ""giving it another try"" ""doing some research on pizza i ordered online last night, 20 minutes after ordering, received a call from the restaurant. they said they only had one driver, right? WRONG! TWO HOURS LATER, WE RECEIVED A CALL FROM THE FOLLOWING: one saying they lost their driver, one saying they forgot to drop me off, and one saying they forgot to deliver anything. guess i'll go to another one of the many other pizza joints in town...  well, i got my pizza and it was totally not what i expected the sauces, cheese, or toppings. for $16 i would expect a much better experience. with the amount of sauce, "
3206,2,Negative," Bad pizza are generally VERY good. i've lived in phoenix, capital city, and the new york area and these were always spot on. i honestly cannot remember the last time i have received an """"oh sorry"""". i must have gone to the bathroom and was just staring at the same old gross pizza. i must be remembering something...  i have been to other locations and these were always delicious. i have ordered from here many times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"" again. "
3207,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i usually order pizza from this location, the one with the giant golden crust, and they consistently screw up the order form that i need to send in my money order to get the pizza. at this location it took me about 90 mins.   the second time i ordered we had to call about delivery and they had the address written down as camelflower instead of camelback. took about 90 mins.   the third time i ordered we had to call about delivery and they had the address written down as camelback instead of camelback. 90 mins later they called and said that the pizzas were being made.   now, i'm sitting here waiting, it could be that the pizzas were made now, i "
3208,2,Negative," Bad pizza."" the second time i ordered, same guy, same product, same price, same everything. time for a change! ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored!   and another thing...why did you stop serving bacon on pizzas?"" ""we ordered after edc last night, expecting a great party and good food. we got sat and were quickly bombarded with pizza, with the option of ham slices or tomato slices. the girl on the phone proceeds to go on to tell us that we weren't welcome anymore, we had "
3209,2,Negative," Bad pizza. ordered from different plats every time. got the same result every time. talked to the cook a few times and he was basically saying, """"let's try this, it should be good"""". really? this is bad pizza.?  i don't know. but either way:  if you want it bad, you better eat it. and maybe you should try nello's instead."" ""nello's don't cheat & rob and don't come here just because some one has posted a cooking deal on here. i've posted times where there was a $2 off of order for a pizza and i got $1 off.  that was a lie. the $2 off was for $1 off.  so i "
3210,2,Negative," Bad pizza. so i ordered on a wednesday at 9:35, which is standard for the day, and placed my order at 10:35. the actual order took an hour and a half to receive, then another hour to prepare and carry out. when i went to check my order, it was not on it.  it must  have been rushed. now, i'm wondering if my pizza has been burned.  if my pizza is good, i want it bad.  if not,  then something is terribly wrong.  the pizza here is so fake good, most people who eat it don't even recognize it as fake.  it's almost color photograph realistic.  while the meat and cheese was edible, the crust was blah "
3211,2,Negative," Bad pizza, not going to town in this department"" i replied.  ""ok, so, we're in the midst of a building shortage, and local pizza is pretty shitty.  We ordered chicago skipjack and new York strip with extra sauce.  the order got delivered to cold, hard maple wood, and new york style charred.  the pizza was totally not made right.  it was undercooked, the crust was soggy, and the toppings were sparse.    the new york pizza is much better.  it's cooked perfectly, the garlic knots are delicious, and the crust is chewy.    we tried the grilled steak option and the club sandwich, and the steak was "
3212,2,Negative," Bad pizza 100% legit in quiet that a bit shady.... drink responsibly, not at the expense of your health."" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). we finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but was super awkward. we ordered a few drinks and hit the menu. i "
3213,2,Negative," Bad pizza. you need to get out more. ughh this is getting ridiculous i skipped town. ration pizza. i'm on lunch and finding it increasingly hard to find good pizza. alfredo is terrible. i ordered one with no dressing and one with chicken and broccoli topping and it took two minutes to get the second. this is why i don't order road trips : they're slow and awkward and i hate them."" ""road trip to canada. i skipped the dress code and was happy with the crust set. but when the time came to pay, i was shocked to see that my hand wasula was missing. it had been sitting there for over 2 minutes! i called security and they said they were sorry but that the order "
3214,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's then this."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i "
3215,2,Negative," Bad pizza, I need to learn to walk, talk, and chew properly!!!"" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross.  my husband, myself and my daughter could not eat it.  we even thew out our leftovers the moment we got home.  they are doing chicago style pizza a disservice.  the chopped salad was delicious.  the mozzarella triangles were great.  the wait for a table was minimal.  the wait for the pizza was 45 mins as expected.  the restaurant was "
3216,2,Negative," Bad pizza is good but not nearly as good as this.  we would carry out if we had to.  we give it two stars because it's good and we hope the owners read this and do something about it."" the pizza here was passable, but i would equate it to a stand-by pizza and a sandwich and be good. better than papa john's, but not nearly as good as domino's... don't waste your time eating here ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places, because at least i know what i'm getting into when i order delivery.   i ordered #1 mozarella sticks and a 6"
3217,2,Negative," Bad pizza close to perfect. they don't skip steps, they don't skip cuts, they don't skip anything. the pizza was fresh and stayed warm on an eighty degree day until we were home to eat it. two kids and no parents with out sick days or family recipes, that's what this is all about. i grew up with little caesars and used to get my own pizza every month or two w/out charge. i used to hate it when dads went without, gone straight to the shop to get my own pizza, and then came home and found out they got it wrong the 2nd time. i had ordered a pizza a while ago & everyone was happy & healthy. not this time.   i ordered the "
3218,2,Negative," Bad pizza,' 'cash only,' or some other policy that restricts what you can eat and drink. it's absurd."" ""the pizza is good, a little limited in variety, but that is the traditional thing, i guess. does not feel very welcoming or comfortable to sit in but we often enjoy the take out."" ""poor service, mediocre pizza, and really overpriced. this will be their last meal here.  the worst service i've ever received. i waited for four hours with no food and just two toppings: cheese and sauce. no offer to buy us a drink or something to eat.  the food is decent, but we won't be ordering from here again.  we received two pizzas: one "
3219,2,Negative," Bad pizza now."" - er... yesterday evening, our waiter delivered our highly-anticipated pizza. anemic pizza, that is. we were anxious to try it out and it so happens that we were in the area, it was a great relief when we were sat in less than 10 min. the pizza was cool, not over-cooked but not over-cooked at all, very much like arby's bacon crust. the wrap was nice and thickly sliced, not as daft as dados but still nice. the guy who delivered it didn't wash his hands thoroughly and gave us a soggy medium-rare. the guy who delivered us the wings wasnt super friendly and took forever toiling away at the cash register. overall "
3220,2,Negative," Bad pizza i use to buy in bulk at big bear and love it, but trust me, this is not it. this is mess and undercooked crust, the best i've ever had in a long time. i'm praying no one is hurt and that the pizza holds up."" ""i used to order the frozen pizza from this location all the time back in the day, but it seems like the pizza quality has gone down the tubes since then.   the food is decent, but i don't think i'll be ordering from this restaurant anymore and will be going to little joe's pizza, papa john's, or even little joe's own."" ""this will be the last time i ever order from this place. "
3221,2,Negative," Bad pizza. absolutely nothing special.but when i need a pizza, not something i'm used to in pa/nj/ny, and not overpriced, and this is the place ... i go to this now three times a week, and the crust always comes together. i wasn't familiar with the other two pies, but they were decent. always have, always will."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed "
3222,2,Negative," Bad pizza and good people."" ""i've ordered it a few times expecting a great pizza and was sorely disappointed.  the pizza was 2x the size i expected and the crust was dried out and underdone.    the glaze tastes like the factory tomato soup i grew up with.  the sauce was bland and generic.  the double sauce is spread like tempura batter and lacks flavor.    i know good little pizza is spent this late in the day in a store bathroom with a coat hanger and a bucket of ice, but i've never seen pizza this neglected in my life.  this should be a proud moment for york, not a sad memory."" ""i remember sitting outside waiting for the "
3223,2,Negative," Bad pizza... well i got some pizza from here once and it was nothing short of amazing... it really was an experience. i met the person who opened it up and i asked her several questions and she then cuts me off mid sentence to say ""well i'm sorry man i can't help you with that, that's not my fault"" i said to the judge that this is not good pizza and she then cuts me off mid sentence to say ""well i'm not waiting for you to fix it, so don't blame me"" she then cuts me off mid sentence to say ""well i'm not waiting for you to fix it either"" she then cuts me off mid sentence to say ""well i'm gonna have to go back out with the old "
3224,2,Negative," Bad pizza. "" if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )   also,  don't forget to tip with a 2 cent tip!  i used to get a $2 tip with a $2 tip -- now i get $1.30 off -- and the tip was good but the color of the tip was washed out.   also, to be fair, the pizza was good.  not as good as the 50 cents i got for eating at brooklyn's new caramba -- oh, and "
3225,2,Negative," Bad pizza has a reputation for being insanely hard to come by, and that's largely true. but it's also true that none of the other pizza options are nearly as good as this. that said, this is a really good pizza. if you're looking for an all-day-every-time-type of pizza, you're going to be satisfied here. if you're looking for a place that serves it up in a timely fashion, you're going to want to go to fast lap or just go to romano's."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizz "
3226,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i used to like the pizza from here, but it's been a while & i'm raving about my new pizza :). the place is clean & very nice. grand opening :  second attempt:  waste of time"":   ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery, when we were supposed to leave.  got a piece cold, no pizza, and a bad cold.  the guy behind the counter was pretty stoked we were here, and gave us a piece of .500 celsius pizza to try.   i would highly recommend not ordering through this disgusting cold gross pizza place.  they don't put much thought into their "
3227,2,Negative," Bad pizza is expensive, and it's easy to understand why people would be hungry. But from an aesthetic standpoint, it's appalling.  i call it gross because it's so grotesquely over-cooked that it's not edible, and yet so bland that i can eat it.   the pizza pictured below is not a pizza. it was prepared in a fake tan van wtih fake fur coat, and then frozen dry. the crust was stale. the toppings were limited, and the result was a bland, undercooked pizza that was nearly impossible to cut into bite-sized pieces.   the toppings would be good on pizza, not so good here.    i don't know if the owners are "
3228,2,Negative," Bad pizza has always been there, but it has always been good. i remember sitting in our waiting area one day after eating here and being thoroughly disappointed by the food. the pizza was okay, nothing to write home about. the staff was fairly friendly and delivery was quick. so it is a win-win situation for us as long as the pizza is good."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer so the pizza wouldn't be so dry, but now that i've been here three times, i'm coming to realize that i should have taken a picture of the spaghetti and meatballs. the pens i've used to take orders are metal, and while they work "
3229,2,Negative," Bad pizza from this part of the country is great.  it's just so incredibly bland.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could skip the wings and get straight to the meat. no problemo: one wing was missing from the whole thing, we ordered a meat one, and it took over three tries to get the meat one we got. when we tried the """"double dip"""" of two meat and a meat sauce, we got one wing missing. when we tried the """"short ribs"""" "
3230,2,Negative," Bad pizza""... i was in the mood for pizza :( so we decided to order frozen so we could try it out.   our server was decent, but the pizza was horrible. i would never order that again. the garlic crust was delicious but i would equate the taste to that of frozen tatiana's. the spinach salad was decent.  i would not recommend this place for their pizza.   perfectly good pizza. i would pass on this one."" ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. it took over 2 hours to get the pizza (after already ordering the fat free, which we didn't realize we had ordered), and then when we opened up our pizza box, about 40% "
3231,2,Negative," Bad pizza' and when i got home i was ecstatic.  my pizza was good but not as great as in the past, i didn't notice that, but i still ate it anyway. the wings were hard, dry, and not nearly enough salt to coat the meat that was overcooked. the ice cream was good but i don't understand why the store keeps getting itchy with old ice creams on it.  i don't see a problem with this being a family owned business. they serve good pizza and make it easy on the customer by having several cheeses and styles to choose from.   i would give them two stars if i saw one problem with it.   i liked the atmosphere and i was willing to "
3232,2,Negative," Bad pizza, i would eat it , but the service seems to lack enthusiasm. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?  pros: +pizza is good  cons: -slow inattentive service -slow delivery -general lack of concern about the happiness of their patrons"" i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst "
3233,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i've ordered it many times, had it a few times, and it never came.  this pizza just won't do.  i ordered it as a birthday present for 91 cents and it came to $1.3929.  that's not right. $1.3929 for a nine-slize pizza?  that's a bit high for my budget, right?  and the description of the pizza says """"nine-slize"", right?    the bun reads eight ounces, so i'm guessing it's a little under-puff.  the toppings are all over the box: drenching of sauce, shaved cheese, and thinly sliced pineapple.  there's so much good pizza in the "
3234,2,Negative," Bad pizza is just delicious."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have been ketchup. terrible. i would never order again. call to order and watch your pizza cook as it's cooked. this is why they're known as """"second rate"""". ""  "
3235,2,Negative," Bad pizza store. their pizza is average at best, and that's saying a lot considering the area.  their delivery times are long, long lines, and when they drop it off, the pizza was iced and ready. not a pleasant experience.   the staff was decent, but for $5 - 6, I'd expect better.   if you want a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor: drive to a seedy alley and order through an armadillo. you'll thank me later."" ""a few months ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in "
3236,2,Negative," Bad pizza is bad, hopefully this place stays open and we can all enjoy good pizza,"" ""we have been here twice. both times were a great disappointment. first time was a great let down after only ordering a few pizzas, nothing better than a cold pizza and a cold wet pizza. i said to the server, """"it's not my fault that i'm a server, not everyone likes pizza, and not everyone enjoys pizza like i do."""" she shot me a nasty look and said """"you're welcome to stay as long as you like, i promise it'll be worth the wait."" i said """"ok then."""" she shot me another nasty look and said """"well i can give you a 50/50 chance of being a server, based "
3237,2,Negative," Bad pizza and k to it."" wow i've been here twice. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad. the pizza was mediocre. i think i may have had a frozen pizza which was disappointingly bland. the salads were good & so was the mozzarella. the pizza was cold & dreary underwhelming. the wait for a table was ridiculous. they needed to step their game & curtailing loose pizza means curtailing free food for everyone. i'm with her on this one."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  so we thought we'd check it out.  we came away empty handed "
3238,2,Negative," Bad pizza  overly salty  too much pepperoni  too much sauce  too much cheese  too much sauce  too much parmesan is this the real pizza of phoenix, or is it real pizza ? i don't know. but i do know one thing for sure, and that is that this is not phoenix pizza. no matter how good the chefs, no matter how good the customers, this is not phoenix pizza. it's got no flavor, no dough, and no salt. i've eaten it before and it was great, but i've also ordered it several times and it hasn't been the same for 6 months. i have never had such a shitty experience in life that i felt "
3239,2,Negative," Bad pizza by the bay area and it arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. didn't know it was so close to home. waste of time"" ""decided to try this place on the advice of a friend, which saved my boyfriend who suffered from cancer from death by eating too much. i received a phone call the next day saying that their food was ruined and they would have it fixed in 45 minutes. needless to say, we didn't take the chance.   we were looking for a quiet, child-safe, family-friendly restaurant and this is our only option. we were looking for a spot close to the stadium so we could try the food when it's actually open. we weren't looking for a late night "
3240,2,Negative," Bad pizza for $5 - 8 is a steal imo. i dont know how seriously they take it, but i dont see them putting in the time to make it worth $5 - 8. something tells me this place is pretty shitty.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i dont know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, "
3241,2,Negative," Bad pizza on sale* -quirer priced your pizza at $19.95 - $14.95 = $4.39 -ized for 6 people, it came to $20.62 -raised my water bill by $$1.42 -handed out $100.00 in change -lost $35.00 at the door -charged my bank account $15.48 -took 2 hours to deliver a single pizza -accidentally left my money in the car with the kids (don't forget to tip your drivers) -waste of time"" ""worst delivery service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered pizza it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get "
3242,2,Negative," Bad pizza getting delivered wrong twice per pizza? Seems unlikely.  i wouldn't count on it for delivery, but it's something to think about,"" ""do not!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was just told that i would not be refunded $20 for my $20 order.  in less than 10 attempts to get an 18th birthday pizza through the door, i was finally told that the order was under-cooked and would be ready in 45 minutes.  that's unreal.  should have been there by now.  it could have been worse.  the employee got really mad and impaled my pizza on an electrical panel and tried to hang it from the ceiling with duct tape.  "
3243,2,Negative," Bad pizza, we got the wrong kind. kind of a cross between peter and burned. burned crust, dry ham slices, and bad sauce. peter pizza tasted like a wet dental floss with salt missing. ""i remember sitting in our restaurant and i was told that this is not a pizza place. we were looking for a pizza but the description on the box seems to have been redrawn. for $16 i should have known."" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $16 for my $20 order...  for my extremely cold pizza that they said was fresh out the oven. the pizza felt like it had been sitting out for "
3244,2,Negative," Bad pizza man it's so unprofessional...  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really unattractive. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for those prices, i'd expect a much better experience. with service and food justifiable "
3245,2,Negative," Bad pizza.  we order plain cheese, hard as a rock like it or chew it like it.  we can eat it ....we won't be making it another pizza again ."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati "
3246,2,Negative," Bad pizza man you are in sd smh again  so we decided to order through the website, not sure why the staff here is so incompetent....waste of time"" ""waste of time"" ""waste of time"" ""waste of time"" ""gross pizza, i mean wow....so gross....so not very good.  ordered over the phone and picked up the order.  received cold pizza that wasola wrapped around a giant heart.  so many unanswered questions on the menu, no one manning the counter to make orders, customers coming in to check out orders, dirty bathrooms...what kind of pizza is this crap?  i would pass on this one."" ""we will never go to this "
3247,2,Negative," Bad pizza?   pros: -medium body space, good for family eat cons: -slow,   2 stars."" ""as someone with a shellfish allergy, i get it. but when i walk in to a restaurant and am sat in a conference room with a chef, not a friendly customer service i usually choose not to."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn "
3248,2,Negative," Bad pizza right?  not so fast there friends.  the day after our meal, we received a call that Megan had left work and was on her way to greendale in a jalapeño colored Range Rover.  the next day, we received another call from greendale saying that the pizza was cold.  the third time we ordered, the crust was stale and the toppings thinly spread.  the crazy thing is, we still have not received our pizza.  we have been waiting for this pizza to leave the store and we have been grabbing fast cars to go because they are close by.  we have been ordering from dominos for months, getting impatient.  what has gotten me is they keep pushing the "
3249,2,Negative," Bad pizza, delivered cold and unpleasant, no pizza sauce, no pizza... just cold, doughy garbage with sesame seeds in it."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you over the phone over the price of a box of smokes  argue with you over the availability of a pizza, in a hostile work environment where other employees are eating lunch! its so false advertising that i can't even tell the difference."" ""i've worked here several times, both on and off, and i've never had such a shitty experience that i could even begin to describe. first time i came in to work, there was a loud beep on the phone, and i went to "
3250,2,Negative," Bad pizza...still pretty bad."" ""made at mom and pops, but i've longed for pizza from here.  sat outside waiting in traffic and heard some one else pre ordering so i did it too  and pre ordered the wrong pizza italian beef instead of the beef of the same name.  my wife corrects him, and 3 orders are placed after my wife's order.  my son stands there confused and nixed together.  my wife watches the employee put the other orders in the oven.  he then comes over to my son and says """"you wait here, we will show up when ready"""".  my son repeats the order.  she comes back to my husband and i and again asks what it is she wants "
3251,2,Negative," Bad pizza, ya right! i don't know if the pizzas cooked hot, hard as a rock like that, or if they were microwaved int he store bought line, but either way - the pizza sucked up the grease like it was made in a factory, and was literally syrup with cream floats added.  i'm also pretty sure one of the specials was changed since the original recipe, and i wasn't aware of that, either.   needless to say i will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza was delicious but the crust seem pre-made and the cheese and sauce had no "
3252,2,Negative," Bad pizza, il just left domino's. and when i called to complain to the manager the 1st thing he said was """"let's talk about it later"""" and hung up on me.  a bit aggressive, but not over the top harsh.  now, let's talk pizza. i have read many great reviews about this place. yes, there is no better pizza in the area than this, but there is no better pizza in the area than this reportedly.   i have been here twice: once with my brother and once with my sister-in-law.  the first time was a few months ago with our mutual friend Brad.  it was a great disappointment.  it was dry and cold and "
3253,2,Negative," Bad pizza' heaping of condiments everywhere, i've ever seen it before or since, and guess what - the same person who creates it all delivered it all! priceless experience."" ""i guess i'll have to give it another chance, 'cept after waiting patiently outside for almost an hour with nowhere to go, we finally got a call that it would be for ""closer inspection"" than before.  oh, and guess what - the same person who delivered our pizza earlier in the evening received a rude note stating that we didn't get to taste the pizza until we left the store.  i didn't care that it wasnt hot, my point was we did not want anything.   we stayed for an hour waiting outside with "
3254,2,Negative," Bad pizza sauce and they were hitting on me like I was some desperate little thing that needed to be serviced. all kinds of greasy on top, no doubt. but geez, does anyone else find that distasteful? i'm not."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't "
3255,2,Negative," Bad pizza. their delivery times are enforced liberally, and it results in soggy, undercooked pizza that people in the know will never order. their prices are outrageously expensive for the quality, and it's unconscionable that this is a pizza town.  if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and "
3256,2,Negative," Bad pizza was by far the best part of the meal. the pepperoni was soggy and undercooked, the sauce was soggy as well, and the crust was dry. the pizza was soggy anyway, so why bother with the sauce?  i would come back to try the pasta, which was amazingly fresh. the mussardini was okay. the bruschetta was drenched in tomato sauce and burned as hell. the pizza was soggy anyway, so why bother with the sauce?  i don't know. i'm not super picky, but when i want a 'real' pizza, not just a frozen one, i want stuff from this place. their pizza tastes nothing like this, "
3257,2,Negative," Bad pizza"" isn't quite the same thing as frozen, 'emotional' pizza, and neither are frozen pizza and cold crusty ham slices in bad pizza sauce.    i once ordered a pizza with no toppings and it took almost 2 hours to get the two slices of cheese and the sauce.  the pizza was plain with no flavor.  the sauce was bland and had no flavor.  when done right, it's delicious.  when it comes to pizza, though, it's usually got better mozzarella sticks than pudgier sticks.    the other night my husband ordered a pizza with no toppings and it took almost an hour to get the two slices of cheese and the sauce.  the "
3258,2,Negative," Bad pizza.  the second time i ordered we had to call about delivery and they had it delivered to us an hour and a half after we ordered. the pizza was cold and my kid was screaming for pizza. i had high hopes for this place and will give it another shot.  i give it two stars because my husband likes it and i have a house to stay at and i have other plans.  ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review.  it's practically become a joke in the boston strip mall, with the strip club open 24/7, car dealerships open 24/7, and the like.  there are many other places in and around the area that cater to a broader range of customers "
3259,2,Negative," Bad pizza' or similar, he mentions he can't recall the last time they've had pizza that's even come close to this.   the pizza ends up being pretty shitty too, with tons of salt and no garlic.    the wings are really good, cooked well and very good value for the money.    it's a shame too, not everyone likes pizza, and if you don't like meat you probably won't be back."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a huge pizza that was almost all salt. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it "
3260,2,Negative," Bad pizza is not to be found here.    we stayed at the wonderful andaz ski cabin just a few minutes away.  the service was slow and inattentive, too.  a red light went off in the parking lot and we had to wait for the cabana to arrive.  what a disappointment."" what to say about this place didn't really get a try the garlic knots or the maisie's or anything. just bad pizza. kinda disappointing nothing really to say about it's a try anyway. ""if i didn't have a problem, i'd give it no stars.   however, i have a problem.  i'm a woman that just experience verbal assault by "
3261,2,Negative," Bad pizza really?  i ordered this a few weeks ago & have to say it was horrible. my kid was scratching at the same gnarly spot and i got sick over it. now, mineo's is much better.  the kid in this picture is not even playing nice. he's got giant claws. his name is katya and he's absolutely terrible. he'll bite you on the butt if you put him in front of your kids. you'll probably see him on bad terms with his father the rest of your life.  the pizza was fine. the crust tasted like left over garbage dump pizza. but the cheese was horrible -- the mozzarella sticks were hard as a rock. and the spice was the "
3262,2,Negative," Bad pizza place is bad because they don't deliver anything... because they make so much money off of it they should just shut up and give everyone a free cheese pizza."" ""i've ordered this store several times expecting to have a better experience with the restaurant, but i'm afraid i'm about to find out the hard way that this is not going to be a pleasant experience.   the atmosphere is cheap and cheerful, with plenty of seating for more than a few people.   the pizza is mediocre, a cross between thin crust and toilet paper.   the delivery times are inconvenient, especially in the evening hours, when most customers are gone.   the shop is well decorated, with attractive lighting and large signs directing "
3263,2,Negative," Bad pizza.."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce."" ""worst dough i've ever had, super chewy, and extremely salty. for $5 it's a steal, especially when you consider the food you're getting into. i was really hoping the place would blow my socks off, but they were holding them up really well. i had high hopes for the place, and low expectations. hopefully the experience is better than it's predecessor."" ""i lost a little faith in this city by how celebrated this place is.  service was slow and inattentive , the pizza was undercooked, and the service could have been handled in a more professional manner.   we came in around 1:30 on a "
3264,2,Negative," Bad pizza is just that, a pizza. you dont get to decide what is best*  i wish the staff was nicer & i could eat here all day everyday of the week before closing, but i suppose that is what ""regulars"" are like.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.99 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there is a vegan pizza available for $6.99 (walk in to the restaurant at 11 for a small pizza, or drive up the road a bit further and it's a piece of cake).  the two types of salads are good.  the mozzarella sticks are hard to find.  the singed "
3265,2,Negative," Bad pizza.  i waited in my car with my 2 liters of gas and just got a phone call that it was being fired and would be delivered soon.   four hours later we were still not at the restaurant.  so i drove to the location and was extremely disappointed.  the pizza wasn't hot at all. it was waaayyy  overdressed. it was mustardy  and woefully undercooked.  there was no paella to be had, only cold cuts.  oh, and they forgot to include a side of llama with the pizza.    i don't know if the managers are idiots or not, but the pizza taste <3<3 this is why i don't "
3266,2,Negative," Bad pizza and yes i said yes to both.    well i got my pizza and it was totally not what i expected the sauces had all bleed into each other and i could not tell the difference from what was pesto what was spicy and where the alfredo started and ended. also today i watched as larry was at the cash register and then went to make a pizza for a guest with out washing his hands again!!!! some one needs to go over safe food handling with larry before he gets someone sick!!   i don't know if i can try custom built again and i was a fan :(!"" ""i was a fan. even before the election, i could tell when i walked in. people were wiping dishes "
3267,2,Negative," Bad pizza is really good."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook some more so the crust wasn't as chewy as it used to be. now, however, it's horrible. i ordered mozarella sticks and they gave me only about 2/3 of the amount of sticks as directed. i had to cook more because the dough was just too thick, plus it was just too doughy. the meat is bland, the veggies were small and seasonal, and the crust was dried out and flaky. too bad. it's the worst pizza i've ever had. it will be awhile before i return here."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when "
3268,2,Negative," Bad pizza isn't just for little caesars, it's freaking terrible. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a great time, but was disappointed. pizza was ok. cooked good. ""i used to love the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of "
3269,2,Negative," Bad pizza with a handwritten note on it thanking you for the pizza and telling you to wash your hands!! this is sickening!!!! i haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, i guess i'll pass.."" ""pretzel pizza wow i've been here twice: once as an experiment, and again as a regular order. the first time i ordered, and handed off to the wrong person. the second time i ordered the same thing, and tried to call in as an hour and a half after ordering. the chef says the pizza was on the greasy side, but i still had not received it by the time they called. they finally got back to me and said that the pizza was on the greasy side, but forgot to "
3270,2,Negative," Bad pizza should be hot, not icky.   i ordered a veal parm sub with white sauce and it came with grilled meat spareribs and asiago.  the grilled meat spareribs were good.  the asiago was the best part of the meal! the meatloaf was bland and uninteresting.  my steak FC was missing the bit that's supposed to come with it, which i'm not complaining about.  the pizza was soggy.  the prices are great, but i've had better.  the service was good.   it's like the bad pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  sad."" ""i skipped this one because i "
3271,2,Negative," Bad pizza is expensive, sure, but i'm not going to pay $10 for a pizza because somebody else paid for it. that's just wrong."" ""it depends on your definition of ""wrong"".   i went to hungry howies today to pick up some pizza and the staff was super nice. they even had some pizza for under $10.00.   what they ended up getting was $20.00 more expensive than what they wrote on the box.   however, it was still damn good. the pepperoni strudel was damn good. the kalamachi was decent. the kalamachi is heavy handed, and a little bland, but that's the only nice thing i've ever experienced "
3272,2,Negative," Bad pizza with random sauce on it £6 - 8 ppl will go to this now. basically a kid's menu with price points ... entry is cheap, but it's about to get expensive."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another "
3273,2,Negative," Bad pizza here, but it's nothing special.  we've had cheese pizza from here maybe a dozen times.  the pizza was okay.  the girl who took it home wasn't super nice (more like rude).  but what bad does it serve...  pizza does not deserve to be warm on an icy cold night."" ""we had a menu shoved under our door. so we only thought to look at it. wished we had looked at yelp first.  1.) it says """"fresh ingredients"""" on the menu.  2.) we ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza.  3.) it came out covered in pepperoni.  4.) it took about 30 minutes to get the pizza.   "
3274,2,Negative," Bad pizza available at every other pizza shop?   we got this place bc of some ad on some web site saying """"wastewater pizza"""" and we thought it would be a good opportunity to try it out. the location isnt very nice. it smelt like old socks and burned undercooked. there's a sign saying """"new pizza coming soon"""".  we ordered a medium cheese deep dish which was ok. the sauce was a bit salty and bland. the deep dish was only about 1/4 of the pizza.   the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try and it was good.   so i ordered another cheese deep dish this time. this time the sauce was a "
3275,2,Negative," Bad pizza that will blow your socks off, or at least your socks will be in tact ... we had the deep dish pizza, which came with both a baked good and two kinds: the mild pepperoni and the mild meat. the pizza was not up to par of what it should have been, but it was good. my daughter had the stuffed deep dish, which was very good. i kid, i kid. the deep dish should have been a bit deeper, because it's supposed to be smoky, but the crust was blahh. i don't know how the deep dish cooks, because it never seems to be on point. maybe it's time for a new direction for the deep dish, and maybe i'm just a bad tipper "
3276,2,Negative," Bad pizza, but not nearly as good as mom and pops.    the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. not sure why the couple who own the place don't come up with something new, but i'm guessing italian beef, pork belly, and pineapple pizza.  not sure if the newbies went to bit of a restaurant, or if the place is still in business.  they don't have any teh pizza around, and the guy who makes the pizza seems to have no clue what he's doing.  he suggests waiting for the big event, like a marriage or something.  that's not new, it's just new to me."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars "
3277,2,Negative," Bad pizza when delivered cold. my husband even said """"oh, it gets better than that"""" when my pizza was finally delivered to my front door.   i think the general consensus is that  the pizza here is among the worst in the vegas area.   that's a pretty damning statement.   so we order pizza helvetica, a sub-par pizza, and a caesar salad.  the salads are good and we have a few requests for the pepperoni pizza. the pizza is mediocre.   the caesar salad was a complete disaster. the haute charcuterie board was missing, the meat was underdone, and the dressing was runny and bland. the prices are ridiculous for "
3278,2,Negative," Bad pizza , perfect storm of bad luck , bad management and srsly stupid employees."" ""waste of time"" ""not impressed with this place at all!  i've eaten here many times and it gets increasingly disappointing every time.  the sushi pizza is more like a flat bread sushi pizza, so it's almost  like fried toffee when you try and chew it.... very gross.  the gyoza is okay, cooked well and very tasty, but the seaweed salad is horrible.  the maki's and hand rolls are never spectacular.    and you know this would all be forgivable if this place was cheap, but it's pricey for the quality.  i would pass on this one."" "
3279,2,Negative," Bad pizza at this location and we weren't super hungry. we were able to fit 2 people in the car. one with a pizza and 1 with a salad. the pizza was really good, we all liked the pablo picasso that came with it. the salad was just ok, nothing to write home about.   we were able to order at 9:35a. it took an hour and a half for the food.   we split a salumi plate: 2x2 pizza, 1 jicama, 1 pineapple. i had misandria and pineapple, and the chef likes it spicy so that was good. salumi plate was good: 2x2 pizza, 1 jicama, 1 pineapple. both pizz "
3280,2,Negative," Bad pizza man - didn't know you could say that about it...and wasn't going to say anything bad about it, either. your attitude was completely inappropriate and unprofessional. i will not be ordering from you in the future."" ""i used to like your pizzas, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get in, order, and your computer screen goes blank. second time, i order, and your computer screen shows up as though i ordered a pizza. i ask for your stupid stupid stupid stupid ceiling fan to come crashing down and it still hasn't arrived. again, i complain, and you guys get flaky easy ppl that keep getting hired."" ""i used to like the pizza from here, "
3281,2,Negative," Bad pizza and the incompetent service that supplies it. we have been to this location several time's including one night before this order was supposed to be delivered and weasly found our way home empty handed. imagine our surprise when we got home to find that their pizza was 1/3 full, 1/3 empty, and had no wings. btw my pizza was 1/3 full, 1/3 empty, and had wings. this is a pizza i'd like to try new places and i'm sure this will be the last time i go here. if you want wayyyy better pizza go to little joe's pizza, the owners are amazing guys and helped us through some tough times. i was hoping my new place would be able to "
3282,2,Negative," Bad pizza, and i was with my 6yr old brother and he had to sit with his dad who was also in the store. this is where they are falling down.   they have a $5 tip that i would like to give to keep it as is, but the way it is right now, i wouldn't bother. they don't have any bbq's, just cheap take out that's been around for a while and i think it might be frozen anyway.   they do carry a few specialty pizzas that i don't particularly like, such as the gorgonzola that's supposed to be simmered in hot salted butter until it's perfection. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen "
3283,2,Negative," Bad pizza that you can't tell the difference from an 800 sq ft. dirty motel. take your pick:  rustic barbwire pizza with wild mushroom steak (sauce is tasteless) -mackay & gusto's -the dirty food just doesn't have that ""wow"" factor. -the dirty food and attitude made us want to leave. -the dirty food and attitude made us want to leave. -the dirty food and attitude ruined this bad.  it was just too damn gross.  we won't be going back.  if you want gross, crappy pizza, come here."" ""we came into this place expecting a high end pizza and delivered pretty bad.    "
3284,2,Negative," Bad pizza is cold."" ""i've ordered it many times, loud and clear! and i'm orderedkicks again today, this time with no problem. cashier backs up my order, not once apologizes for the order, and never once offers a discount for customers who order online."" ""i just ordered and holy smokes i got your stuffed deep in the butt of the sandwich, brooklyn style. holy smokes i missed that. maybe it's because i'm a sucker for bland pizza, but the meat was super chewy, salty and had no flavor. the garlic crust had no salt and was so uninteresting i don't even get that. the wafers were ok, sliced open like a pizza and had no flavor. "
3285,2,Negative," Bad pizza is going to be in short supply, especially during the day, and we wanted to try it out. that's why we went to a pizza place that makes a lot of it (i'm not exaggerating).  the service was slow and inattentive, like they weren't paying attention to our order for too long. when our pizza finally arrived it was cold and didn't really have any toppings, just plain ol' cheese. the sauce was runny and tasted like the sauce off a can. the crust was okay. i still have mixed feelings about this place, mainly because it's so new. i don't know if the owners are really into pizza per se, but they sure as heck aren't fans of c "
3286,2,Negative," Bad pizza, but we found it disappointing in the fact that so many other places in the area provide this great, if somewhat bland, pizza.  frankly, we found it disappointing that so many people enjoy this pizza.  if there was a better option in the area, i wouldn't bother with this place."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8:30pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) at $20 plus tip. we asked for a silverware "
3287,2,Negative," Bad pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza from scratch and it finally arrived this morning! yuck!!!!! i'm  i've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting for this kind of pizza, we've been waiting "
3288,2,Negative," Bad pizza and badass servers."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had no idea its so bad. i got a bad order, asked for a box, and when they open up, the cardboard box was totally noth...i had to redo the order. oh, and to top it off, they gave me so much disposable income that i had to eat more than one slice. a quarter of a pizza is not bad for twenty cents, especially if you factor in the tip that they tacked on to the end.   however, i will never order from this restaurant again. there is just so much better italian in italian valley and around the bend "
3289,2,Negative," Bad pizza is hard to come by in phoenix, and this is a great opportunity to upgrade your pizza or get a frozen one delivered in 10 minutes! great food!  don't waste your time."" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place have never been to any decent pub whatsoever.... with that being said this place is never busy, especially during the day, and for decor wise it looks like a hospital with the wall paper ... food was ok. i got couple of pizzas with extra sauce and wasv a salad which was good. i would equate the pizza to a medium thin crust pizza. the salad was a bit bland and the fish was missing.  and for $5 - 6  you get a really bland "
3290,2,Negative," Bad pizza, you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny"". if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has a brick and mortar in your area, then you need to go back to the drawing board. i don't know. maybe it's because i grew up with them, but i don "
3291,2,Negative," Bad pizza i've ever had, very disappointed"" ""i ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. the order arrived by 6 and was fresh and hot. came to my door around 6:30. i opened the box to find a very bland pizza. looked very fresh. i took a bite and was sent back to bad pizza II. i recalled the first time i ordered this stuff and it was just ok. the second time i ordered it was much better and i am extremely disappointed. the pizza tonight tastes almost like nothing. the meat is low quality, the crust is blahh, and the service was awful. my kid has a '03 Corvette and i used to show up to pick up lefties but that was a great "
3292,2,Negative," Bad pizza this time of course will be bad.  found italian in new york and thought italian was pretty cool.  thought the kalamata was pretty good.  the macedonian  pasta was pretty good.  the brisket  was good.  the bruschetta was drenched in sauce.  italian beef is good, not great like in the past ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy and the sauce was runny / watery even when ordered well done and crispy.  so much so i called the manager last night. this used "
3293,2,Negative," Bad pizza is great, don't get me wrong no i'm not that bad but i've had food from multiple people that were just awful i.e. i've had food from past managers including hispanic milkshake and the pizza i made at the time. this time i ordered pizza with no crock pot, no ranch, and my pizza was just all wire. it didn't even have florets or caramelized onions. again  i was left with a bland pizza that was undercooked. guess i'll try the gold leaf."" ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of "
3294,2,Negative," Bad pizza is going to be  intensively cold while we wait for the kids to split.  we need to pack up and go to nello's pizza. no longer a pizza and tap room option."" ""nello's is well known for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza, but they also produce award winning stuffed deep dish pizza dough. this year they are debuting a gluten free crust pizza, which is great if you are sensitive to gluten-ish foods like i am.    the pizza happens to be the best part of an 11-inch pizza, so i was a little hesitant ordering it as it was 1/3 gluten-free and 1/3 not gluten-free.  but i figured it must be "
3295,2,Negative," Bad pizza writer, i'm trying to write a book about writing good pizza. some recipes are so poorly thought out that i couldn't tell you what they were going to be like. for some weird reason, all the recipes i've seen call for cubed parmesan cheese (think mexicana), and some require extremely cold cuts of pizza to form an even crust. this is most often found in the form of thinly sliced pizza called enchiladas, very common in phoenix, and in which case, why the heck isn't that spelled out in the recipe? the pizza should be called thinly sliced parmesan cheese and dim sum pizza, not thinly sliced pizza and dim sum pizza and dim sum. might be a recipe error. "
3296,2,Negative," Bad pizza' and the manger gave us both flak jackets which i used to hate but i've come to accept. the woman at the counter was pretty crappy. i had high hopes for the pizza place and was hoping things change for the worse.  most importantly for us, the guy who took our order was nice. i gave him a couple more sips of my soda and he said """"uh, excuse me sir, that's all i've got.""""   i waited in my car with my 2 liter of soda and his 1 liter. he got out and handed it to me and i checked it. granted, it wasnt as cold as all my other orders from before but it still had that gross cardboard crust. he then "
3297,2,Negative," Bad pizza is never this good. i've ordered this place many times expecting to have a good experience and hopefully not disappointed"" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross.  the mozzarella triangles were watery and bland. the wait for a table was unbearable - kids were screaming for pizza - and the dirty food ruined the atmosphere.  a red arrow pointing up indicates a dirty restaurant.   not impressed with this place at all!"" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving "
3298,2,Negative," Bad pizza and pretty service at that, not saying it wasn't nice, but not overly so."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour while they set up. ate and then got in line to go back in. no charge since we had our hand stamped. tried to fit at a table and "
3299,2,Negative," Bad pizza... taste like frozen bank heists and dried up cat food cans.."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. i was charged for two more pizzas one with only olives and one with only pineapple. i saw someone tell the cook, how the pizzas should be made. once i got my "
3300,2,Negative," Bad pizza.  normal people will tell you that."" ""normally we love papa john's, but they don't deliver to our place.  we really wanted pizza so ordered carryout from what we thought was the middleton store.  our mistake we ordered from here.  that's ok.  it's our fault for ordering from here.  however, this store is insanely hard to find and get to and there is zero parking outside for carryout.  we ordered online from another store and the order stated it would be ready in 45 minutes, but it actually took longer than 45 minutes to weave through the square and finally park illegally in an alley behind the store while the husband went to get said pizzas.  they "
3301,2,Negative," Bad pizza... at a respectable price ($5 - 8 for an 8-inch pizza) for the same quantity of food that we're ordering here, we're willing to wait.    the pizza tonight tasted like a combination of frozen late night Special occasions and frozen-dried tomatoes.  it was undercooked, withered and basically gross.  there was no flavor, no distinction between the bland meat and the flavorful sauce.  it was gross.   the specials are always good, but these days it's just plain bad.  there's no variety, no nothing...it's like one large pizza and a bunch of small pizzas...not very good."" ""pizza and food was good but the service was lacking "
3302,2,Negative," Bad pizza' as if there was anything wrong with it ... nothing wrong with it as far as i'm concerned.  however, it really shouldn't be called 'pizza,' 'chicago style' or anything along those lines.  it's more like cardboard with plastic wrap on it.  that's how bad it is.  if there was one place in town that could dish up some seriously horrible pizza it would be that place.."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not "
3303,2,Negative," Bad pizza but it's the closest to real pizza i've ever seen italian beef and pork with extra red sauce and yes, they did add cilantro to the mix. the wings were dry and hard as a rock. the crazy topping had all the seeds and dried fruit in it. i would never order again. especially when i see them make mozzarella sticks in the form of an 11-inch pizza. it's as if the team never learned any lessons from their past failures.   they also use frozen ground beef for all of their pizzas, crazy enough they just decided to call it frozen ground beef. the wings are watery and bland. the pizza was undercooked and lacked flavor. the prices are outrageously expensive for the "
3304,2,Negative," Bad pizza. was hoping this place would turn my life around, but alas it seems as though it will keep me as a couch potato.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" "
3305,2,Negative," Bad pizza: pizza that's been sitting for a few hours + getting colder) and you get a rude employee saying """"that's not mine, that's not who I am, that's not what i'm supposed to be wearing"""" every time they pass by.  this place is horrible.  if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other "
3306,2,Negative," Bad pizza and really good people. i have had really good pizza from here once in the last two months. the pizza was okay, a little bland, and really overpriced. but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. it's kind of creepy seeing them like this. yeah they have a bad name, but what gets me is they charge a lot for what looks like old pizza that they reheat in the back of the oven.   the pizza tonight tasted like re heated tombstone with cream cheese added.  really strange.   i don't know if the pizza is good because it never changes, but it sure as heck isn "
3307,2,Negative," Bad pizza, too bad""   i don't know how hard it is to be a pizza place in new york without having some type of bad reputation. maybe it's a sign of the times...?  anyway, i have been here twice: once for a casual dinner and once for a fancy dress reception. the first time was something like 2 or 3 times the price (probably a mistake on the waitress' part, but i nonetheless. i would guess that the first time i paid $20 for a 6-slize pizza and got a frozen bland-ish pizza. the second time i ordered the same pizza and got a zillion other things wrong (i could be wrong, and she was kind of handing out flier not "
3308,2,Negative," Bad pizza is obviously more expensive, but the quality is so bad i feel i can say this sucks under new management.   with so many other pizza options around idk if i'll be back."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve everything from frozen pizza to ball of pizza, and sometimes just plain old pizza.    they've got it all done, ready to go.  just sit back, relax, and enjoy the food."" ""i feel i can say this sucks under new management.   when i first walked in i sensed a problem because the place smelled like old pizza and old tires.  but i was wrong.  the dirty "
3309,2,Negative," Bad pizza, ice cold, no worries!"" ""the pizza was really good, not overcharged, but really not that impressive either.   the salads were drenched in dressing to the point of soggy lettuce.  the monday night football game was close but was ultimately decided by the final score.   the monday night barbecue was a great disappointment.  the meatballs were large and had no flavor, no clue what they were... i would expect better from betsy luck, better service, or just plain bad management."" ""we had heard some good things about this place....so we were excited.  however, it's sub-par at best.  service was slow and inattentive, the "
3310,2,Negative," Bad pizza girl delivery"" is the closest i've seen italian put to the hood.  wtf?  a food with no flavor?  where does it get 5 stars for pizza and less than a half hour to get it?  where does it get it's ingredients from?  if it were true,  that would be news to none.  it's more likely it was made in a factory somewhere close by.."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza, crispy extra thin pizza, and more. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp "
3311,2,Negative," Bad pizza, frozen and flown in, takes about 30 mins. gets here and the pizza is still at the same location as yesterday. btw my pizza was cold. and there is some manager guy walking around looking busy but what a joke. also the manager guy had no idea what he was doing opening up tomorrow there is no point for him opening if he is just opening up to make more pizzas. they make so many mistakes it's more like 30 pizzas in the oven and he opens it up to find out italian is the new default."" ""the pizza is good, a little limited in variety, but that is the traditional thing, i prefer it that way,"" wrote one user. ""what went wrong is the service. we "
3312,2,Negative," Bad pizza has always been there but it's gotten really bad lately and i think it's time for a major revamp/tour de cuisine/tour de problème as i think it's time for nello's again... ""nello's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that "
3313,2,Negative," Bad pizza.. never had it before and i was confused as to why the staff is replacing it.. i asked if i could just get my money back since i don't see any reason why i should have to pay for it .. i got a quick e-mail back saying that we will not accept your money to pay for the pizza since we are a small business.   i don't know if the pizza is bad or not bad..  but i don't like pizza with extra sauce on it.  and the price is right at $3.99 so it's not really that bad."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a great big ol' pizza for "
3314,2,Negative," Bad pizza place and they raised hell when we ordered last night's pizza.  an hour and a half later we were sitting around and it was still not even warm.    we order fried  crust so it should be good.  not great but better than nothing.    this is the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  we got this place because our friends in ny put it on the map and it`s because of this that we can say we were not disappointed.  we won`t be returning."" call the number on the box and you'll probably get a different answer.  i got a mistake on my order and they gave me a bad product "
3315,2,Negative," Bad pizza, this is not it.  in my opinion this is the worst pizza in the lo rielle area, very dirty, burned, and undersized.  if you want really dirty pizza, come here and get some real good pizza."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were ready for pizza when they started. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza ($9) and brought it home (pricy, but good) but the cover on the pizza was peeling off and "
3316,2,Negative," Bad pizza... and a nice cold one as well -waste not found  -don't be a jerk to a customer -don't waste your time -don't be a jerk to a parent"" ok so they charge a lot just for the pizza, how can you give away that much food for free? i would think that the owner was a cheap person who got rich quick. what a weirdo. ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" "
3317,2,Negative," Bad pizza is bad, but when you factor in the cost, it's not cheap.   theresa's pizza is just ok, but not nearly as good as net proceeds.  there's just so much better italian in italian valley, and i stayed with father for 11$ instead of the 5$ i was charged for my meal.  i'm just a kid, i can't tell you how amazing this place is, and i'm staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street.  but, i wouldn't recommend it to anyone!   there are so many other italian places in and around the area, and i would pass on this one."" ""net proceeds are great, but the service is slow "
3318,2,Negative," Bad pizza and 10% gratuity. the staff was fairly friendly on the phone, pizza came in the delivery estimate time. pizza itself was okay, but not nearly as good as in real life.  the next day, we became violently ill. sickened by what we thought was cholo's garlic cream, we were disgusted by this otherwise unremarkable pizza. we were wrong.   we were entertained by the thought that maybe, just maybe, this place had something interesting going for it besides bland, bland pizza and unusual toppings.   we still haven't received our pizza.   we will never order from this franchise again.  we will never order from another franchise.  we will never order from any company that "
3319,2,Negative," Bad pizza with a great customer service record.  instead of a one time use and burning, they keep putting us in situations where we have to keep returning."" ""i wouldn't consider this my personal pizzeria.  not that i'm not hungry, but not overly hungry either.   however, i have been here twice: once as a reservation came to 198, and again as a guest of 209.  the first time was something like 89c later, and i'd say that the pizza was about 60% complete.  the second time i went there, i was not impressed.  the sauce was bland, the crust was hard, and the tip was missing.  i compared it to other places in the vegas area "
3320,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered chicken tenders from here many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead. this has happened multiple times. when going back they did not even apologize and  they "
3321,2,Negative," Bad pizza is hard to come by in Dallas, and it often rains out in the evening on the same night. that was not the case this week. pizza finally arrived about 45 minutes after i ordered it, which is pretty standard in the pizza world, but i must have sat down somewhere and was scrolling through facebook when i spotted it. clicked, paid, phone rang, and waited another 15 minutes watching the same person stack the pizza with fresh ingredients as if nothing had changed.   day 3 - 4: food: 6 failed attempts, 2 with pepperoni, 1 with pepperoni and sausage, 1 with pepperoni and sausage, 1 with pepperoni and sausage, 1 with pepperoni and sausage, 1 with pepperoni and sausage, 1 with "
3322,2,Negative," Bad pizza I've had before but never had this bad . im at the limit of what i can stomach. if i don't give up then this will be my last time here."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table -the high prices -the slow service, despite being one of only five parties dining -the loud music that desperately screamed 'we're a cool restaurant...we promise!'"" ""well i was hoping "
3323,2,Negative," Bad pizza. btw my pizza sure was cold.) i called in and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes. okay fair, no problem, just put me on hold for 5 more. so i was on hold for like 20 minutes.   i waited and hung up expecting to get a call within 10 minutes saying that my pizza was finally delivered to the location, but alas it was late and they were too busy to help me.   if you eat here, please be warned! this is a grab bag of bad food.   i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the "
3324,2,Negative," Bad pizza and a bad attitude, eh?  we show up around 5:30pm on a monday, there is no pizza and the place is pretty empty.  our waiter only showed up once with two drinks and she did not even apologize and he said """"she got robbed, sheesh! just shut up and take your order""""  what a rip off.  if you want good pizza in phoenix, come here."" ""if i could i could give this 0 stars i would.   i recently moved to phoenix, and this place is on the very top of the list of must-sees in phoenix for any type of pizza craving.  the pizza is decent, but i would come back "
3325,2,Negative," Bad pizza, they kinda carve it on the crust, not in the center as in in caliente's. and the toppings are limited, only two cheese varieties and no Korean. ""the service was fast. great pizza. however, as one nears the end says to the waitress, 'we're here for pizza only, not like in other places. maybe i'm biased, but i think the pizza was made on time and undercooked. and another nears the same place, and another undercooked crust.' her reply? 'well, i could be biased, but i think i can safely say that this is the most undercooked and least well done pizza i've ever had.' wow, i went to break a sweat at "
3326,2,Negative," Bad pizza i will never eat with this crew again, i was so excited when i heard the news. not only because of the pizza but also because my friends voted me a member, and i was hoping i could try some of the specials. how cold is it in PA? st. clair west pizza is classy, keep it up!"" ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza "
3327,2,Negative," Bad pizza barely had all the toppings they might have been good if i was a betting man, i'd say the same thing about this place.  if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's"" ""fix your store, it is so poorly run that i cannot even go there. there are never pizzas ready, they don't answer the phone to make orders, the employees are rude and condescending and the customers are trash!  our neighborhood is not this gross but if i was from outside the area, i would think it's the slums. totally unacceptable, get this store fixed immediately. no excuses.  it also has a foul odor to it...the pizza "
3328,2,Negative," Bad pizza. serene garland was a little aggressive on the phone, and offered little in the way of comfort. she implied that everything would be alright, and that she'd text me when ready.  i waited in my hotel room for almost an hour while angry mobius rammed through the door, placed a hand on the wheel, and demanded we empty our plates. they never apologized, just rude stated that they didn't know what they were doing.  when we were ready, shocked guests watched in horror as an hour and a half later we were sitting in our lavish banquet hall. they had pre-made salads and appetizers waiting for us. one guest remarked that the wait was worth it because they had to go get their food "
3329,2,Negative," Bad pizza is not that hard to come by in phoenix, and i consider myself an expert on the matter. however, as a semi-professional athlete i find that it is extremely important that the pizza that i receive is awesome. the pizza that i received yesterday afternoon is almost certainly not worthy of my seal of approval. i have posted the picture of the pizza on the internet. i have not ordered from this restaurant again. this is the pizza that my friends and i have become accustomed to over the past 15 years. it is spectacular. the salads are mediocre at best. the quinoa salad is drenched in barbecue sauce, while the rosadade is a little too sweet. the long grain pizza is very good. the singly dressed pasta "
3330,2,Negative," Bad pizza but we were looking for a temporary place and we came to you. i have been here twice. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something.  i don't really remember my experience, i just remember i wasn't unhappy with it and generally enjoyed the experience and decor of the restaurant. but this review isn't based on that.  so a couple of months ago my boyfriend and i were craving italian and wanted to try new italian restaurants. i ordered via phone. he went to novella and the restaurant was empty. i went to chicano's. they were busy and i assumed they'd have another take i order "
3331,2,Negative," Bad pizza italian, herb grilled, and of course topped with parmesan cheese bread-sticks. they don't offer small side salads, only large two person salads. and for $16 you're better off going to fix the food, not go to the movies."" ""fix your store, it is so poorly run that i cannot even go there. there are never pizzas ready, they don't answer the phone to make orders, the employees are rude and condescending and the customers are trash!  our neighborhood is not this gross, but if i was from outside the area, i would think it's the slums. totally unacceptable, get this store fixed immediately. no excuses.  it also has a foul odor to it "
3332,2,Negative," Bad pizza?"" ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored!  and another thing...why did you stop serving bacon on pizzas?"" ""we ordered after edc last night, expecting a great pizza experience, but was disappointed.  we needed a place to stop for the night and this was the closest we got.  we sat in the lobby of the hotel, which is huge, and the service was slow.  we ordered appetizers, and the boys were serving us pizza.  i had to ask for the  garlic dressing, which i "
3333,2,Negative," Bad pizza, i've ordered it a couple of times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i ordered the wrong pizza. it was not even close. it was much worse than the frozen hard boiled variety. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay. beach pizza was same as cheese pizza with only meager toppings thinly "
3334,2,Negative," Bad pizza. we ordered garlic crust, a little spicy, and 3-4 pieces of mozzarella cheese, mostly to be found on pizza boxes. the guy seemed pretty unsure on how to approach this, so he just started talking over the counter.   he started talking about how important it is to have a good cold pizza, and how important it is to have it soon.   then he brought me a pizza that was 2nd gen. yes, 2nd generation.   i told him on the phone that i was returning the 2nd generation. i was returning because i was fed up with getting passed over for birthday presents in the bathroom, and he said """"give me a call when you get back.""""   "
3335,2,Negative," Bad pizza clearly marked ''no smoking, glass bottles, etc.'' on the box. smelled like burned popcorn. had to sit outside and they were closing the restaurant at 9:40a. startedle just like at a strip mall and ended up spending 45 minutes in the parking lot. had to stop and sit outside for 45 minutes while they set up.   over two hours later we received a call that it was being fired and would be delivered soon. found a waiting black sedan with two kids in it. one with a rock & roll bass, the other with a speakerphone. one had hot wings, the other didn't. one had no wings, the other had hot wings good but not nearly as good as we wanted. we waited 2 "
3336,2,Negative," Bad pizza — which they may or may not be good on pizzameme — is pretty shitty man they need to wash their hands after eating this man i have had food from here twice already and both times were horrible i hope the owners get rich quick and pass this place on to their kids"" ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.  delivery guy finally showed up and we asked for him to stay out cold. he stayed in the same spot and i ordered another pizza.  delivery guy finally showed up and i asked for him to stay out cold. he stayed in the same "
3337,2,Negative," Bad pizza...dealt with it. they had pepperoni with pepperoni instead of plain with just as much flavor. the fish sticks were good. used them sparingly. ""this is bad.  this is the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  we had a pizza a few weeks ago that was really good but i think it's time for a return to regular old me.  i used to like the milkshake that came with the jerk chicken but i've long since come to hate it and agree with the other reviewers that the pizza is getting drenched in syrup.  it's like eating with a fork and knife - very unattractive.   the salads are good and "
3338,2,Negative," Bad pizza, would never order that again."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour while they set up. ate and then got in line to go back in. no charge since we had our hand stamped. tried to fit at a table and were told no we had to stand. the tables were "
3339,2,Negative," Bad pizza well made. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i ordered the """"well done"""" which is not only not very well done, but also not very pretty. the crust is chewy, hard as a rock like cardboard and on the undercooked side. the cheese was small and bland, the sauce was heavy handed and boring, and the crust was the worst part of the pizza. it was sad that the pizza was so terrible. it's a shame too, because the other two heydays were pretty good. maybe i'll try the larry the next time i'm in the area. seriously? this is the worst pizza i've "
3340,2,Negative," Bad pizza, very few toppings, and not a very good one at that.   the pizza was not that extraordinary...it came barely warm. we were disappointed in the taste.  the prices are high and the service was lacking.  it is possible that the pizza is good and the service is lacking.   it is also possible that the pizza is good because it is new and there are many of them.   we had several and enjoyed them.   we would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves.   there is no such thing as bad pizza, only mediocre pizza."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered "
3341,2,Negative," Bad pizza, without all the guesswork. i would get the pregnant crust if i bought a pizza. the pizza was not up to par of what it should be, the garlic crust was bland, forget it. the price is right at $3.99, but i'd rather pay for a frozen pizza that's been sitting out for a few hours and come home to it's perfect pizza. if you want italian, come here instead of some crappy grubhub that sucks."" ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a few months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated "
3342,2,Negative," Bad pizza is cold. that's how bad it is."" ""fix your store, it is so badly run that i cannot even go there. there are never pizzas ready, they don't answer the phone to make orders, the employees are rude and condescending and the customers are trash! the bad service and attitude of the employees has me feeling unsafe leaving my house now and i hope others do the same."" ""went for the 1st.time to cpk on the advice of a friend, there were 8 in our party. we were seated at a table that was made for 6, kinda cramped for space,we endured because they said the wait for a bigger table would be 20 min. although there were 2 areas  bigger than "
3343,2,Negative," Bad pizza. they do not deliver to ma  they do not deliver to my   finally, they do not deliver to net   my daughter got her own pizza, which she absolutely adores, but the crust was ... well, i can't even eat it. the cheese was ... well, you name it. i got a cortado, not a slice. the sauce was ... well, i can't even drink the sauce. the crust is ... well, i can eat it if it's not soggy. the soda was the only thing our family can use. we had to order from papa john's.it is so gringo they have to put it in writing that it was ordered with """"j "
3344,2,Negative," Bad pizza, kinda like ramon rossa's.   well i spent $18 on two pizzas, one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest.   the pizza was really good, i would compare it to peter piper pizza.   the price of the food was decent, i would buy again if driving by and in the mood for pizza.   i would never eat here again if i lived in phoenix."" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place have never been to any decent pub whatsoever.... with that being said this is a bad place.   we came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat "
3345,2,Negative," Bad pizza, no condiments, nothing. just awful. i didn't even get a sbarro.  the weirdest part: when i talked to the owner about it, he was rude. he talked over me, and when i said this was not very good pizza, he said """"so what"""".   and yet here i am. going back to try to fix an old order, and in doing so, i will be giving up hope that there will be good pizza left in this city.   thank you for letting me try new things and hopefully you will be blessed."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. "
3346,2,Negative," Bad pizza. my daughter had the cheeses-charcuter Pierre. her selection was limited since they weren't advertising on the menu. she got her favorite, the ''light ice cream with notes of strawberry shortcake on top.'' i got my own size pizza. it was ok. the pepperoni did not come close to the glaze on the pizza that my daughter had ordered, and that was a mistake. i should have said i was ordering a chocolate chip cookie pizza, but that was kind of a stretch. the glaze on the pizza she got was so unappetizing that i didn't even get that. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the soda was the "
3347,2,Negative," Bad pizza and that's great!!! if you're serious about your pizza making business...go to a smaller restaurant that's less likely to screw you over, and maybe even get good."" personally i would come back here. it is a little neighborhood on the top, but i feel at home. just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine, but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as "
3348,2,Negative," Bad pizza the whole family can enjoy!  were very hungry and decided to try this place out.  we were very disappointed.  the pizza was 2 pizzas for 21$. it was cold and the crust was underdone.  the guy behind the counter was very nice and took good notes.  i shared a pizza with my brother and he said, """"it was good"""" in both his notes.  i didn't see any signs saying """"we're a smoke-free establishment"""".  i would've thought that a great place for a smoke-free establishment.   we were very impressed by the well-stocked cabinets and the cleanliness of the restaurant.  i would've also thought "
3349,2,Negative," Bad pizza,"" she says. ""not like in seco, not like that."" ""mom and pop is where I grew up.  it was a late night idea, we had been sitting around and had decided to order pizza, salad and garlic knots. nothing fancy, nothing to it's credit. just a bunch of us deciding we wanted to get out and have fun. nothing to it's credit, but it was a great experience...a little cold, but that's the only bad thing i can think of.  we got the wrong pizza. we ordered right off the box. we got dressed wrong. we ordered undercooked. we ordered over and over again for the wrong thing. we got soggy and undercooked. we "
3350,2,Negative," Bad pizza is made in a factory that's been around since the beginning of time, and every time there's a new bs pizza factory that opens up with no regard for the people working there, no regard for the environment, no respect for the employees, and generally an extreme disregard for the welfare of the community at large.  the food is decent but far too greasy for my taste, particularly the deep dish, and the crust is basically a rubbery mess with no flavour.  i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no need to wait for the pizza to be delivered if you already ordered it – just walk in and out. save yourself the trouble of waiting and go somewhere "
3351,2,Negative," Bad pizza??  i always thought the best part of eating at cpk was the last. dad used to make really good pizza, and he was always good. i miss him terribly."" ""i used to like the pizza. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer, and i got potato wedges instead of dumplings. guess things have changed. i ordered this time of year classic pepperoni, and they did not deliver it. my kid was screaming for potato wedges and not pizza, so they had to come up with the dough. they were not very good. i had high hopes, and they may well be true.   however, this is a great place and i have "
3352,2,Negative," Bad pizza 4 stars i ordered two cheeses: one plain, one flavored with basil. my total was $20.52... i would estimate a 12% tip . i would guess the tip was 25 cents...   the flavor: bland, short-lived, easy on the money, not very good.   the service: slow, inattentive, standoffish.   the pizza: good, not great, but not terrible either.   i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""used to be a good place. has gone downhill the last few years. i already know their pizza "
3353,2,Negative," Bad pizza. if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's."" ""fix your store, it is so poorly run that i cannot even go there. there are never pizzas ready, they don't answer the phone to make orders, the employees are rude and condescending and the customers are trash!  our neighborhood is not this gross but if i was from outside the area, i would think it's the slums. totally unacceptable, get this store fixed immediately. no excuses.  it also has a foul odor to it...the pizza is worth 5 or 6 bucks...nothing special just fix your stupid store and standards"" ""went for the 1st.time to cpk "
3354,2,Negative," Bad pizza, my husband won't eat it. but, it's there. and it's cheap."" ""cheap, no question.    however, this is a disgusting looking pizza, especially when you consider the price.  it is almost $20 for an 11-inch pizza, almost double the price!  this is very bad pizza, very rough, very childlike in its play.  the pizza should be called ""pizza john,"" ""the more expensive the better,"" ""the more expensive the better,"" etc.    it is also very salty, which is expected on an $18/mo order.  if the goal is to give your child a good eating experience, i would suggest pizza that "
3355,2,Negative," Bad pizza and really good customer service, which is unheard of in our household.  but, we were looking for a pizza and italian restaurant and found it on the web.  we chose to eat at little joe's because it is conveniently located and we like the atmosphere.  but, we were looking for a little something extra to tide us over until we made our final decision.    we were very pleased with the food.  the bruschetta was outstanding.  the wait for a table was minimal and our wait for the pizza was mostly because nobody else was there.  the meatball """"panini"""" was prepared correctly, but was drizzled with oil which was optional (i did not ask for it with "
3356,2,Negative," Bad pizza taste same as frozen with bad crust. i guess it depends on who's cooking. ""we'll be honest, this place didn't really come together as we expected it to.  we moved to brookline from west vista a few months ago and we've been questing for a quiet, reserved spot in the area.  having a great pizza shop within walking distance is a great thing, unfortunately it is not this place...   we ordered a regular pepperoni and a vegetarian pizza with extra sauce.  the pizza was great, but the marinara dipping sauce was amazing... the two kinds of sauce were good, but the crust was blahh.    we try to fit all kinds of pizza into "
3357,2,Negative," Bad pizza. our server was really good, nothing to write home about. i give her a pass for one bad pizza and one nice one."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know someone could provide a way better customer experience than this person did for the same amount of money.  if i was a business owner i'd be firing a crew like this as i'd lose out on business.    first of all i arrived to find a hand drawn note on the door stating sorry we will open at 11, when they should have opened at 10:30a.   second they opened after 11 and the guy had no customer service once "
3358,2,Negative," Bad pizza but these ppl working here got it totally wrong. ordered a thin crust and a 2 l of diet coke...what?  where did that information come from??? nope that info on the box. answered ""diet coke"" not ""derby soda."" hit ""next"" not ""previous."" tried a different seasoning and it said it was fine.  got a candy thermometer wrong. tried a different crust. tried a different sauce. tried a different pizza. tried a differenti...no it didn't try to fool me, it tried to fool me into thinking it tried to fool me into thinking the pizza it sent me was the same as the one i just walked in and around in.  well now i'm "
3359,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i ordered one with bell pepperoni and one with bell pepperoni only to have it be pepperoni only, gross. and yes i was right about the bell pepperoni only goal being 1 slice, but that was standard. the pizza was soggy and i was disappointed in the taste. i don't know if the pizza is bad because it was delivered late, or if the delivery guys just aren't very good.   whoever cooked this pizza needs to go to florencia for a while....and get a new job."" ""new to the area and wanted to try some of the various pizza specials. bought a calendar for $2 and 5 rings for $2.49, nice and simple. but as "
3360,2,Negative," Bad pizza here, and boy has it disappointed me.  they don't deliver to my house, and the pizza is dryer than cardboard.  i've driven by this store a few times expecting to find a snaggletooth pizza, but i was wrong.  this time i walked in and there was two pizza's for $6 and eight wings for $4.39.  i asked for the wings and they gave me two slices and one for $6.49.  okay, fine, i can live without the wings.  but, why would anybody give two pizzas for $6.49, and where did the twenty cents go?  well, i could just use some new cash for that.  so, the "
3361,2,Negative," Bad pizza for $5 - 8? Is this the real $5 - 8 pizza you get in ny?"" ""this is the worst pizza i have ever eaten. the mozzarella sticks were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the pizza was flavorless, tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours, and was the product of million dollar lab experiments.the pizza was also super salty, which is unheard of in our household.the pizza was not that remarkable - it barely tasted like anything.it lacked flavor, missing the peppery kick that is essential to good pizza, and being that it was the result of a poorly run experiment, it lacks the pep in price "
3362,2,Negative," Bad pizza night with friends. we split the pesto. i got the gnudi with blue cheese and the pepperoni with pepperoni. the pizza was good, not as good as in the past but still good. the price was right at $13 for the half-pound. for the same amount of food i could have fed 2 more people so i don't feel i got the best bang for my buck."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer, and i got drenched in tomato sauce. now it's just a puddle of sauce with no flavor. gross."" ""i ordered Monday evening, lights out, and placed an order. son, "
3363,2,Negative," Bad pizza at great prices. please drive to a different one and eat better pizza."" ""went for the 1st.time to cpk on the advice of a friend, there were 8 in our party. we were seated at a table that was made for 6, kinda cramped for space,we endured because they said the wait for a bigger table would be 20 min. although there were 2 areas  bigger than where we sat that were empty.                                                              "
3364,2,Negative," Bad pizza' but each time it's gotten worse.  this store is terrible.  last night my friend and i decided to order through the live plus 7 (i'm at the golds every day, not just for delivery). with the selection of pizza and toppings on offer, i would think the pizza was pretty good. not so!  it was completely bland. the mozzarella in the sauce was duller than watermelon zest, and the crust was dried out and underdone. too bad!  it wasn't as if my friend had never tried anything crazy, but i would have preferred it if the pizza were better.  it's a shame too, because it's a great spot for young children as well as old "
3365,2,Negative," Bad pizza and great service all around. i will be back."" ""i revisited this place today because i have been wanting to try custom built for a while and ordered their short ribs vinaigrette.   i ordered the long grain pizza, long grain with bell peppers, and the appallsingly bland appallsingly sweet appallsic bacon.   weeks later, we received some call from custom built.  said they dropped the long grain, but that they would put it on the menu.  so we had to wait another week and get new pizza.  custom built is a gamble. it's possible that the food will be okay, but i doubt it.   try this place! it's "
3366,2,Negative," Bad pizza but i will give it another chance maybe in a week this will be my last time here brooklyn's best pizza"" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our wood-burning grill -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table -the high prices -the slow service, despite being one of only five parties dining -the loud music that desperately screamed 'we're a cool restaurant...we promise!'"" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks "
3367,2,Negative," Bad pizza first of all i arrived to find a hand drawn note on the door stating sorry we will open at 11, when they should have opened at 10:30a.  second they opened after 11 and the guy had no customer service once he unlocked the door.  once i  entered nothing was said to me i simply stood near the register waiting to be acknowledged.  the guy decided to continue working behind the registers while his coworker stood around and snacked on something before i eventually was acknowledged.    thirdly, once i was acknowledged the guy asked what he could get for me.  i said i would like 3 hot and readys please.  he said my total  and then walked away before i could pay "
3368,2,Negative," Bad pizza but right at the edge you'll notice some guy is stacking pizza in the back and waiting for it to be delivered.  something about a bad batch.  we don't order pizza from here often so it might be a sign.  anyways...  we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza.   the bronze dragon was almost certainly made on time.  it should have taken about twenty minutes to get an order in.  it might have taken a little longer, but the pizzas were always hot and ready.  they weren't as chewy as pudgier pizza from peter piper, which is how we like it, but they were always good.  the breakfast pizza was "
3369,2,Negative," Bad pizza!"" a store called ""the bust"" has a much better selection of pizza than this in pleasant area. absolutely horrible.   ordered a pizza, it was burnt. no pizza letters on it, and assumedly so.  received a flat tire.  called, and was put on hold for over 5 minutes.  yes, i was on hold for over 5 minutes.  this is very disapointing for the fact that they are on hold for so long, and not just for a second.  they need to get their act together and be more like a taxi service, not a food delivery service. really bad experience here.  ordered a pizza, it was burnt. no pizza letters on it, and "
3370,2,Negative," Bad pizza, don't get it at that restaurant it's ridiculous."" ""california pizza kitchen has always been one of those places that everyone can agree on. the menu is big enough where there is something for everyone and usually everyone walks away happy. lately though, the quality of the food as gone way down.   before i went vegetarian i used to always get the chicken waldorf salad and it was always so good. i love the blue cheese and the candied walnuts. they were addicting. since i've become vegetarian i settled on the hummus appetizer, grilled vegetable salad, and the wild mushroom pizza. recently though, they have completed revamped the menu, adding new items, taking old favorites off. for some "
3371,2,Negative," Bad pizza is good but not 18th century stuff. somebody needs to go over pizza etiquette with a fine-tuned needle and a hard hat.  this is bad pizza."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say they can't honor the """"2nd"""" pizza because it's a """"specialty"""" what does it matter what order i say my pizza "
3372,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i've been there twice now. both times were a great disappointment.  the first time was a great disappointment. the sauce was light on both pizzas and small on the large.  the crust was soggy ... dry on one end, chewy on the other.   the double sauce is supposed to be a soup. the double soup is supposed to be a thick stock/white sauce. the soup was too thick and had no flavor. it was nearly impossible to carry out. the double sauce was a disappointment because it needed to be thawed out a bit. the crust was soggy and bland.   the double pizza was not that remarkable.it came barely warm. one person in our party ordered "
3373,2,Negative," Bad pizza is hard to come by in MN.   my husband finally came through with pizza one evening last summer and was gone for over 45 minutes before we could get a hold of him.  we should have known, we were dealing with a food-licious critter like ourselves and not a freak show.  our pizza should have been ready in 45 minutes.  it took almost 2 hours to get the pizza out of the oven.  we should have known, we were paying cash for the pizza and not a corporation.  we waited for the cashier to show up and we asked if we could just get our pizza out of the oven.  the cashier said no and then walked away before we could ask for our pizza. "
3374,2,Negative," Bad pizza is terrible, try this instead:)  it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again, i don't know how that's supposed to be healthy, i would think it was the slums.   also, how does a pizza fit in there mouth? i don't get it.   i waited 20 minutes for an employee to come by and if i had paid $10 more i would have gotten the same response.   i'm just trying to figure this out....need to find a place, get out more, get some family."" ""bad service and never enough cheese pizza, this is the worst pizza i've ever had, i've ordered it "
3375,2,Negative," Bad pizza, very little different than fast lap or el proposta.    i prefer betty white's because she's always had a line, and because i like my pizzas fresh (not stale like some other parents are complaining about today)."" ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza from there, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom. "
3376,2,Negative," Bad pizza but unfortunately this is a to-bad-waste-and-don't-eat-it-if-you-want-bad-pizza-or-you'll-burn-it-if-you-buy-a-2-litre-plastic-bottle-and-a-sided-raincheck."" ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had. the sauce is horrible, the crust is flaky, and the worst part: the pizza was undercooked. i was hoping rsvp would revamp the pizza, but instead they are sticking with the same bad pizza they were before."" ""worst delivery service in the las vegas pizza market.  the day we ordered, "
3377,2,Negative," Bad pizza is hard to come by in phoenix, and we're not complaining. our order took over two and a half hours to receive, and then the second it came out of the oven it was already past its prime. the crust had holes in it, the cheese was chewy, and the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the pizza. the cheese stinks. i dont know if the owners are stupid or just unlucky, but they deserve a lot of flak for this."" ""once i got home to check my watch i was surprised at 21.2 hours after ordering, the pizza was finally delivered to our table. guess it was good. i ate it. the garlic knots were good, i still have "
3378,2,Negative," Bad pizza and foundation there :)"" ""the pizza is ok nothing to brag about and the service sucks had to go to another fat customer support number bc they don't take phone orders anymore.  just like our waitress promised we received our pizzas in the mail 20 minutes after ordering.   i received my individual stuffed plain pizza. the pizza wasn't sliced all the way through and i found it difficult to cut a slice as the crust was xtra dense, hard and thick. kinda like a rock. the crust was cooked down and dense enough that it was easy to cut a slice but not so much so that it was eaten like a rock. the cheese was bland, hard and soft like cheap cheese that you'd get "
3379,2,Negative," Bad pizza. cant say the same about their wings. these chicks work for moron killer, not wings. ""the pizza was good, a little limited in variety, but that is the traditional thing, i guess. does not feel very welcoming or comfortable to sit in but we often enjoy the take out."" ""poor service and food.   we came for dinner and were seated pretty quickly, but the guy behind the bar was a little on the small side, barely bigger than an average size medium.   the service was slow and inattentive, too.   the fish was decent, the pizza was good, but i would expect worse from this place.   if you want wayyyy better "
3380,2,Negative," Bad pizza you will not be sorry. i waited 20 minutes for an employee to show up and when he came back he was holding his cell phone in his hand. needless to say i never will order from this restaurant again. i think its safe to say this is not the best pizza in the las vegas area and maybe not even the best in the world.   it all depends on how good your pizza is. if your pizza is bad then you are more than welcome to give it a try elsewhere. if your pizza is great, you will probably be let down after the fourth bite.   if your looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and try one of the few remaining pizza ovens left in the area. "
3381,2,Negative," Bad pizza that they think is gonna tickle my fancy. they make some really good pizza, like the old reliable staple that's been patiently warming my family for generations. their pizza isn't nearly up to par of pizza out there, but it's pretty darn close.  the delivery guy finally showed up and i had ordered a pizza in advance of getting my kids in. he started talking to me like i was stupid for ordering in advance. i told him plenty of people were going to be there so i didn't have to explain myself. he started telling me too much about what to expect and how much he'd save on gas by not having to break out the check. he ended up being rude and told me what to expect from all the other "
3382,2,Negative," Bad pizza thats what italian is all about, maybe italian should be called nigella's because they are more like thin crust, you get the idea....  i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too....  we had a pizza called the stilton that was great italian and mama used to make it but it was always so greasy, i found it refreshing that the crust was clingy and not dry.   the salads "
3383,2,Negative," Bad pizza is a hot mess in there. -waste of time"" we used to order here a few times with new york york delivery, and it had been a great experience! our order usually took 45 mins to get, and 30 mins to deliver. recently though, their timezones have been off by 1 hour and 30 mins.   recently, since taking delivery of the carrioness, we have been on the hunt for decent pizza in phoenix, and look for that in the form of this place!  however, this is not decent pizza. it's like the desert pizza you get in nj and then never return to that place again. the fix is to order at fixed time "
3384,2,Negative," Bad pizza is $5.50, this is not cheap. every time we order we get the same thing-- a scoop of frozen cookie dough, mixed in with the rest of the toppings. i've ordered it twice, once with only ice and once with only tomato sauce. the first time i ordered italian beef and chicken parmesan with extra red sauce. the sauce was nice, not over powering and lacking in the sort of flavour punch as is common in this part of the country. the second time i ordered italian beef and chicken parmesan with extra red sauce, the same product but this time the crust was dryer and the muscle was stronger. i'm not even kidding, that's how it was. i ordered italian "
3385,2,Negative," Bad pizza (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). ordered a regular pepperoni and asked for medium bacon, the normal came out to be a thin crust.  oh, and they forgot to put the bacon on top.  so it was all bacon, no steak, and nothing better than a ice cold twelve pack.  i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and everything is cooked correctly. just something to think about."" ""the pizza here is horrible. i've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and let me tell you, it's bad. prices are great, but it doesn "
3386,2,Negative," Bad pizza'. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i ordered the wrong pizza.   the garlic crust was amazing, not over-cooked, not over-puff.  however, the glaze tasted like the factory.   the waldo's pizza taste like something out of a jar. not sure why the heck they stuck with the recipe, but it still was good.   there are many other places in the vegas area that serve good, local pizza. go to houston, va, or charles west. you won't be disappointed."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know "
3387,2,Negative," Bad pizza was totally unappetizing.  I would not recommend this place for pizza."" ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. the order arrived by 6 and was fresh and hot. it was, however, missing the crust which was discovered during transport. since the order wasn't fulfilled, the crust was subsequently returned to the factory. the crust was raw. :(  we tried to call back later that evening. no answer. so we got a cold reception. they said they didn't have the oven temp yet. so we had to wait for the oven to cool down. this whole delivery was the """"worst customer service in the world"""" so we decided to give it another chance."" ""i once ordered "
3388,2,Negative," Bad pizza est.  is that the real life of st. clair west? not like that."" ""this will be my last time here. i was a frequent caller and receiveer to this number. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, realizing i forgot my purse at work when i went to pick it up. guess i'll try t wrinkle instead.  i'm also canceling my orders for the pizzas, the spaghetti and meatballs, the stuffed deep dish pizza and the specialty stock. i'll be stuck with fixed menu till i starve. :(   my husband ordered a pizza, when i went to pick it up he had on a chicago style crust, which is not "
3389,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i first tried the 'rome pizza' which was okay, but not nearly as good as it's New York City cousin's pizza. the garlic crust was horrible, i would compare it to a wet puppy. the marinara dipping sauce was horrible, i would skip this. the wood-fired-stuffed pork belly was gross, i could never eat it. the short ribs were hard, dry, and almost tasteless. the grits were small and bland, the soup was good but not nearly as good as in the duomo. the dirty monkey cake was okay, i forgave the candied walnuts because they were a gift and not meant to be eaten, but the overall dish was drenched in the stain of factory "
3390,2,Negative," Bad pizza' and we've been going to this location since they opened. we come here for a few different reasons: because it's open 24/7, we like having a second job, we like being able to order online, we like getting good pizza, and we really like the personality of the employees. the pizza has always been good, but the past few years are unacceptable. the prices are ridiculous, the crust is blahh, and the pizza tastes like cardboard. i'm only giving it 2 good marks because: 1) the pizza is awful, awful awful awful, and 2) i'm not sure what happened a few years ago that has made pizza so passable but """"its york, its york"""" is just bland "
3391,2,Negative, Bad pizza?  cold crust?  we are in the looney bin.  well i got two pizzas and one with gorgonzola.  the pizza with gorgonzola was so greasy it was good but the other wasnt so good.  i think the grease got on the bottom and was sticking to the bottom of the pizza.  that's weird.  something about a bad batch.  i also spent 18 bux on a pizza a year ago.  it was good but not nearly as good as this.  i would highly recomend not ordering through this disgusting disgusting horrific cold gross pizza place.  they don't even wash their hands.  i came here expecting a little something new and different. 
3392,2,Negative," Bad pizza. too bad."" ""normally we love papa john's, but they don't deliver to our place.  we really wanted pizza so ordered carryout from what we thought was the middleton store.  our mistake we ordered from here.  that's ok.  it's our fault for ordering from there.  however, this store is insanely hard to find and get to and there is zero parking outside for carryout.  we ordered online from another store and the order stated it would be ready in 45 minutes.  it gave us a time.  it actually took longer than 45 minutes to weave through the square and finally park illegally in an alley behind the store while the husband went to get said pizzas. "
3393,2,Negative," Bad pizza. often delivered cold. once i ordered it and told it on the phone it would be ready in 15 minutes, it was an hour later than expected. the pizza wasn't even hot. i waited over 10 minutes watching the delivery guy try to juggle two pizzas. one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest. thirdly, a logger truck pulled up to the location and handed out flier saying ""we got your order wrong, we apologize"" and hung up. guess it was a mistake. i don't know. but they needed to call security to come get me, not just a rude employee.   bottom line, if you want a bad haircut you should go to a hair salon. if you want "
3394,2,Negative," Bad pizza. ""the pizza was great till we were about 20 min from now when 20 minutes late. we had ordered: crab cakes, ice cold crab cakes, and then we got crab cake with no toppings. crab cakes were just bad. i stuck with the pickled jello in the dark because that's what my mom used to do when i was younger. the ice cold crab cakes were just okay. i got crab cake with as much crab meat as i could eat, not too bad. the jello was good. used to be a great place. is it better than it used to be? yes. but that's kind of where it is now."" ""decided to try this place bc of the name & the great "
3395,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i was very disappointed. too much sauce, not enough cheese. too greasy, not enough salt. this is the exact opposite of good pizza. what went wrong was the customer service. i have been eating here my whole life and never had a bad experience. i have ordered pizza from here many times and it never fails to be a hit or miss. the pizza tonight failed miserably. they did not even recognize the order they just took it in and didn't even try to update the order once. the sauce was horrible. your pizza should have read as pork belly pizza  and it would have been on "
3396,2,Negative," Bad pizza' which they're hearing all over again i think it's gonna be the same company again next time i visit them.  i think i might go for gas go to another one of them maybe even before they close."" ""keep the good pizza coming guys, i promise i won't be going back."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i was in the dallas area and we ordered a pizza a pie or two and some calzones. i ordered the pizza a pie with a jicama on it. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to put it together, he told me it was going to be a little different this time around. kind of a challenge for the guy who was explaining it "
3397,2,Negative," Bad pizza.. tasted like frozen wiener. aaaaand here we are.. waiting. hoping no one else has moved in and we can breathe a little...and yeah, we all know it's a cold cold day in hell without a garage or something to move in with."" ""last night my family at cicis  pizza.  we hadn't eaten in this restaurant for about a year and boy have they changed.  the restaurant is under staffed.  we went up to the counter quite a few times and there were not any pizza's.  it's hard to believe you go to a pizza buffet and no pizza.  we waited 20 minutes for a desert pizza to be made.  there were a few people working really hard but "
3398,2,Negative," Bad pizza my wife and i alike. i especially adored the deep dish pizza. i've made it twice now, the first time was some friends, i think it was i was in the mood for pizza and they had a special that night. i ordered it anyway, glad i didn't have to wait for a cookbook. i'm not even kidding.   the second time i ordered pizza it was really good, i got a cheese plate and some sort of dark sauce (i don't know how they do it) and it was all dressed pepperoni. not good. i'm not even kidding.   the third time i ordered we had to send in the crust, it was so greasy. i had to cook a "
3399,2,Negative," Bad pizza place don't go here don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like rehydrated ice cold pizza that you'd get in ny and then never touched again. i've ordered it a couple of times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i now know i wasted $35 plus a $2 tip for this pizza. it was extremely disappointing. ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. it took over 10 minutes to get an extremely cold pizza. tonight we tried a new one, this time it was much nicer. i got a 22 degree pizza with a side of ice cold ranch. the sauce was "
3400,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i waited 20 minutes for an employee to show up and the worker even said """"hi i'm not really qualified to give you a hand shake im just kind of here to help"""". i told the manager what happened and he laughed and said """"well fine then"""". i didn't get that far. he then got serious and i said """"well how did that happen?"""". he then got serious again and i said """"well how did that happen?"""". he then got serious again and i said """"well how did that happen?"""". he then got serious again and i said """"well how did that happen?"""". he then got serious again and i said """"well how did that happen?"""". he then got serious again and i said """" "
3401,2,Negative," Bad pizza is boring. i don't know what people are talking about??? the very best pizza in the city is the crappy little place that i used to work at. the pizza was soggy, the salads were bland, and the bartending was terrible. i'll never go back. ""we've had this place twice, the first time was a few months ago and i still can't believe it.. the pizza is cold. we've had other people try this place and it tastes nothing like this. it's almost pizza like it came from a box. i have never seen this kind of pizza in NJ. i have never seen this kind of pizza at all. the price is right at $3 - 4 for a 6-slize "
3402,2,Negative," Bad pizza and freezer burn."" ""the pizza was great, nothing to complain about.  however, the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. totally inappropriate.   total garbage."" this was the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a pizza franchise...but it was too horrible to eat. ordered the pizza on my phone. it said it would be "
3403,2,Negative," Bad pizza?? you need to get out more and live a little.."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i "
3404,2,Negative," Bad pizza will have mold...mold that will set in no time...if you buy a frozen pizza it better be bad bc it better be...i tried two kinds...the black ice and the plain peanut butter. the black ice was horrible...white mold, zero flavor, gross....white sauce that was yummy but bland...i tried to eat it...moved on to the next... the plain peanut butter was okay...thin crust, not as good as grandma used to make it, but it was decent. the other thing i tried was alfredo ... awful! awful, gross peanut butter with no flavor...i wasted $18 plus a $2 tip! i don't know how the cheese is made, some dude works in a "
3405,2,Negative," Bad pizza from this place. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a good experience from the previous owners but was disappointed to find it wasn't so.  they seem to be stocking the phone book with flier copies and such.  i think i might try one of the other pizza places in the area.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no "
3406,2,Negative," Bad pizza that you get at a (slightly inflated) $10 rate?   if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered ... you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. "
3407,2,Negative," Bad pizza. don't waste your money and time here. you'll be better off going to fast lap or somewhere else with gas go-karts, drive-thru lanes, etc. ""look, i'm not some crank who's pwned by some crappy pizza. i'm a professional hacker, and i've got loads of experience cracking websites. this pizza was pretty shitty, especially since it was late one night. but the thing is, it tasted good... the cheese was low quality, the sauce was okay, and the crust was blahh. ok, maybe i'm not crazy after all.  maybe the pizza should have read as pizza that tasted like frozen diabetes with extra brown sugar. like in the ads. but i "
3408,2,Negative," Bad pizza place, they do not deliver to me. this is where they are falling down.  delivered terrible pizza to me.    this is the real deal, not the little plates and tiny fries kind.  it's the real deal, not the little plates and frozen pizza that people in secaucus come to.  they are doing everything right, but they are letting down the great state of New york that they so desperately want to be."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not "
3409,2,Negative," Bad pizza"" with subs that are ""well, i dunno, maybe the hedonic scale from grade school pizza', or worse yet, the flatbread pizza that comes in the mail that you have to kneed out of your mouth before you can eat it.  the pizza is not that amazing, but it's the closest to it you'll find in phoenix, and the food is decent but not nearly as good as it's in fellow phoenix suburbia.  i would come back to this place if i was in the mood for pizza but also wanted to avoid going to that crappy strip mall in the vista that's been vacant for so long."" ""don't be fooled by the super thin crust. this is a pizza "
3410,2,Negative," Bad pizza taste like mold... ""this is bad, everybody! i'm from nj and i've been here twice: once as a guest of 9 and again as a precaution.  the first time, we ordered pizza that was 0.0005"" - 0.004"" thick.  it was torture trying to lift the pizza out of the oven. the second time we ordered, we were told that the thick pizza was 0.001-0.005"" thick.  this time, we ordered pizza that was 0.008"" - 0.012"" thick.  it was 0.004"" - 0.004"".  moe ordered the pizza at 0.009""thickness,"" which is 1/16th as "
3411,2,Negative," Bad pizza. the delivery guy finally arrived and i asked him why that is and he said it was because they were busy, he got f*cking serious. he kept saying it was busy and asked if i could bring out my second element, which i did.  he then got very snotty quick and handed me my pizza what i assume was a medallion. i then said to myself the pizza is terrible, it must be really bad for the sauce because it was bland and bland together. he then gets very snotty quick again and i asked him what it was because i didn't see that as a challenge. he then says """"it's my first time doing it"""". i said """"well how did that get made?!"""" he "
3412,2,Negative," Bad pizza here is so unbelievably bland that it's almost tasteless. the sauce is the best part, so don't waste your money on this. it's almost as if the cooks are cheap and didn't really care about the food they were putting in. very disappointing."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks and I received some kind of garlic samosa.  the mixture of the sticks and the pizza was tasty but i would suggest the filet mignon instead.  good meat, very little spice, and not nearly enough "
3413,2,Negative," Bad pizza'' and there is zero parking for carryout outside of the strip center. also, there is some ridiculous new $5 establishment just up the road that will give you a $5 tip and make you an offer to stay for $10 more than your actual bill.  i know the place is new and i will try again. what i don't get is why would anybody pay $10 more for a pizza than it did before? and if it was true, i wouldn't want $10 more, that's how little i care about pockets.  my husband tries to justify the extra cost by saying, """"well, it's just more sauce, ya'll can't really taste the sauce that much better than i can,''"" while "
3414,2,Negative," Bad pizza  its the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again, most nights before going back to college i ordered pizza with no sauce, and sometimes i would add a side of anything that was prepared in the kitchen. recently though, they have completed revamped the menu, adding new items, taking old favorites off. for some places, menu changes mean new and exciting food opportunities, and not just for the impatient. for some places, menu changes mean new and old school pizza that is just as good. the combination of the old and the new is so bland and uninteresting that it makes me want to leave no matter what the product. in this instance, it means that i will be ordering from the same place "
3415,2,Negative," Bad pizza?   we were entertained for a while by the mishaps (mine was a passable but not great like in the past) but the whole time the pizza was undercooked, frozen and basically salted. the crust was light and fluffy but was totally ignored. the toppings were limited and the result was a bland pizza that was hard on the neck. if there was one thing this place had going for it it's its the cheese.   it is hard to imagine anyone else doing this kind of pizza.  if this is what st. clair west needs, it needs urgently."" the food is good, but the service sucks. we've had food from here a few times expecting to have a great experience, "
3416,2,Negative," Bad pizza near you? Call us at (718) 489-2222 for delivery! ""this gets better every time i get around to it. i ordered sandwich with sides, salad and pizza. all good choices. the salad was really good, i gave it some time to ferment before eating it, and the pizza wasnt that bad, but the olives were missing from the bowl. the bartender is pretty chill, man. maybe he's a slave to profit, or something.   anyways, the food got here in a reasonable amount of time for my taste. i took the order a little late, as i should have, and when i went to pay the cashier told me that the order was out for delivery. "
3417,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i received nothing but cold, flat pizza with giant air pockets for undercooked meat on it. yes, i was disappointed. but what did i have hoped for? an undercooked crust. not one bit of it was edible. it's sad that so many people accept this. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer, so i didn't get as full an experience. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won "
3418,2,Negative," Bad pizza, what $22 you guys could have been a little cheaper with a frozen pizza and saved $25+ on the price! you guys are very good customers, very considerate of the poor person taking your order. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time "
3419,2,Negative," Bad pizza worth $10 is a great deal in my opinion but this was the worst one i've ever experienced anywhere.  do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked up a notch.   the prices are a little high for what they offer and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, the proprietors and management can use an attitude adjustment.  a server belittled the busboy in front of us once when the busboy brought to me a glass of wine that was "
3420,2,Negative," Bad pizza would be good, but not as good as this."" ""went for the 1st.time,sat down,2 large pizzas,1 medium chicken,1 large wisconsin pizza,1 small order, and a side of ranch. all told, we paid $50.62. after we got our pizza, we asked for a box, and the cook-slash-dal wanted to put it in the ""kitchen sink."" so we got a box, no dish, and a $35 tip. we asked for the cash tip, and the cook-slash-dal wanted to keep the $35. we asked for our pizza to be a little crispy, and of course it came out burnt. we tried to eat "
3421,2,Negative," Bad pizza is awful, it's like frozen greasy dumplings with salt added. the pizza was not up to par of what it should be, but it was good enough i gave it a try and it was ok. i give it two stars because it's good, but not great like in normal street food."" ""update:  i revisited the place today because i thought i'd give them a second chance, after all they are just opening.  their problem is that they haven't figured out how to do a wood-fired, thin-crust pizza.  while the toppings are very good, their pizza is greatly diminished because their crust isn't right.  great wood-fired crust should be a bit "
3422,2,Negative," Bad pizza, plus they fucked it up the first time i ordered italian and it was a fucking disaster. i had to call in and pay for it again, which i did, and they gave me a free pizza credited to my account as a result. this time i ordered bruschetta and it was so greasy, i had to buy an oven mitt to even heat it. the sauce was so bland it gave me a chill. the quinoa salad was good & so was the bruschetta, but the quinoa was over cooked and missing the fiber that is essential for good quinoa. the tortilla soup was good & so was the mozzarella stake, but there is no such thing as bad pizza. the pizza "
3423,2,Negative," Bad pizza has always been hard to come by in the area, although not as bad as in the past. that all seems to be changing though, and we are hoping it stays that way."" ""we have been here four or five times. all outstanding. three stars because we aren't sure we like it as much as we used to.  we first went here about a year and a half ago with a friend for a casual dinner and tv show. we were looking for a restaurant close to our house and we decided to try the regular menu. we were disappointed to learn that the restaurant is privately operated and that they don't advertise their menu size or any other information that might help with decision making.  the menu says """"well trained "
3424,2,Negative," Bad pizza' is one of them. that's how gross it is. they don't even wash their hands. their pizza happens to be some of my fave. another is 'the one with the giant flaming pepperoni wrapped in wax paper and gold foil', again. gross."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns delivered my 2nd order late and 10 mins after i ordered, i received "
3425,2,Negative, Bad pizza is a totally different animal. they put a frozen bank note on the pizza which i later found out was not kosher. when i talked to the manager about it he was rude and extremely insistent that we eat the pizza. the manager never once offered to take it off our bill. we were honestly disappointed.  when i talked to the head cook about it he was rude and refused to even acknowledge the issue.   the head cook put out another which was good but now i'm seeing red so that's all they got right...  i don't know if the owners got ripped off by a bad employee or not.   they've got some really good pizza in the area so if you're into that then this 
3426,2,Negative," Bad pizza, it's gotta be really good."" he showed up and it turned out to be nothing special. but what had me most concerned was that his order wasn't even hot. i closed the door behind me and let the kids have it when they came out. if i was a teenager in the area i would have thought that is great. being from new jersey, we know good little pizza :doughy middle aged pizza. this was not it. it was passable, but not nearly as good as mom and pops. ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had. the dough is crap, the crust is crap, and the worst part: the sauce is thinly spread. the pizza tastes like it was kneed raw "
3427,2,Negative," Bad pizza' and gave us a dollar tip (wrote on the reciet and even groked on the dough). my husband corrects him, and 3 or 4 times he gave us $0.50 or less. i tip $1.50 to $1.75, and he gave me $1.29 or less. i'm at a loss. is this the new standard of pizza? slow, bland, and undercooked? the pizza tasted like frozen Chinese takeout. the other night i ordered, guessed, and waited for over 30 minutes for a pizza i never got. guess it's time for a new takeout, i guess. ""new italian restaurant, but i think i'll stick with normandica or just "
3428,2,Negative," Bad pizza, and i preferred the no frills kind anyway, so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯   seriously, the worst pizza i've ever had. the cheese and toppings were garbage, the whole pizza was bland, and the worst part: the meat was dried out and flavorless. there's no rhyme or reason to how a pizza should be made, except maybe maybe maybe maybe once in a blue moon.   i'm just saying, maybe i was expecting better from this place than i was. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ the guy behind the counter was good, but the pizza tasted like rehydrated old fashioned pizza.   i give them a minus for the pizza and a "
3429,2,Negative," Bad pizza and i would come back here again if driving by and in your face. this is creepy."" ""updates in the past 2 weeks:  a new take on the philly cheese steak, a philly cheese pizza, and new menus.   the new pizza:  a philly cheese steak with prosciutto and oregano.    the prices are a little high, but that's the only complaint i have.   the menus:  here's the bad:  no bacon, only pork belly, and not fresh.   while the portions are good, the meat is dry and overpriced.  the salads are decent, trimmed of any meat and stuffed with greens.   "
3430,2,Negative," Bad pizza in the parking lot just opened. if you're wondering where your favorite pizza shop left off the pizza seasonally, i suggest tempura wafers. they're very good, and cheaper than frozen pizza, and deliver really fast.  also, recently, they've started carrying frozen pizza with crust that's been sitting for a few hours ... wow, extremely gross. i've had frozen pizza from here twice, both times were a great disappointment. the first time i ordered, hit the menu, and yelp, """"aha, look what i just ordered. now i'm going to have to call and ask for a new recipe. the second time i ordered, waited for 5 minutes before realizing it was never coming, and still wasn "
3431,2,Negative," Bad pizza. thought i'd give them a shot.  their pizza tonight was pretty pitiful. four cheese deep dish, two with pineapple, and one with mozzarella. i'd put that on par with papa johns.  the pizza wasn't that remarkable. it came completely without toppings. one cheese pizza had only four slices of cheese and one with pineapple and one with only two slices of cheese and pineapple. that's it. no barbecue sauce, no ranch, nothing. don't waste your money eating here. i wish i had left a review earlier because i would have been more impressed. ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza "
3432,2,Negative," Bad pizza occasionally falls apart under the pressure of cooking, as was the case here.  a six-slize pizza with a side of cheesy bread 'n fries is easily 20-30 cents.    with the cost of living so high and no reliable delivery option, i couldn't imagine going to a pizza place that didn't use oil.  so in that sense, it's a success."" ""pizza and food was good but the service was lacking. they don't have the ability to handle large orders the day of.  i don't fault them for having a small kitchen but they should have let me know they couldn't handle two extra large and three large pizzas, wings and a salad. our server was a young "
3433,2,Negative," Bad pizza, again."" ""the pizza is good, a little limited in variety, but that is the traditional thing, i guess. does not feel very welcoming or comfortable to sit in but we often enjoy the take out."" one of the worst pizza i have ever tasted.  the flavors are all bland and uninteresting. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i left a bad one.  being a food-loiter i try new things and give them some time to live.  as a result this pizza will be in the cellar for a long time. ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a large pizza with a side of meat, bell peppers, and onions. the size was medium, "
3434,2,Negative, Bad pizza worth the trip and i've been to the golds'' several times over the years and i have always been entertained. this time i ordered pizza and i was expecting a little something new and i was disappointed. they ''painted'' the pizza black and white which i find very unattractive. it was undercooked and bare. they drew lots of black and white on the pizza. i had high hopes for the golds and will give them a chance. i waited in line and their computer system went down italian which shook up the order and took it back to the keg. they were having technical issues and did not have the ability to process my order until i could get my money. thx to all who worked for the golds i 
3435,2,Negative," Bad pizza, but it's what they came up with that night that was so disappointing.  pizza and a very cold bad customer service."" ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  now if you know the strip of bloor where this restaurant is, you know that every second place is a restaurant, and they are all pretty busy.  with the selection of restaurants in this area and other italian restaurants in etobicoke (just go to la veranda around the corner!!) i don't know how this "
3436,2,Negative," Bad pizza by their definition means it has never been fixed, and that's exactly what they delivered.  ordered through the phone for pick up, showed up, and the place was empty.  no one there spoke any english, just some passing reference to the place as a ''restaurant chain''.  i remember one time my sister ordered a pizza and it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get it all done.  that was only after they added 2 more languages.  i would highly recommend not ordering through that one location, they don't deserve your money and i've been to locations that were crap due to food service.  they also don't deliver to me, so that was a plus."" ""food was ok, not the "
3437,2,Negative," Bad pizza' but that's not saying much really, is it?"" ""i waited almost 2 hours for my pizza. no answer after that. my kid was screaming for his pizza so i just kept waiting. finally, a cold pizza with no answer on it's best description. my kid calls out for his mom and the kid behind the counter is like 'what? no hot and ready pizza?' i yelled at the cashier, not expecting any answer so she just kept cashin her check and moved on. my kid isnt even 5 months old. how did this all come to be?"" ""i have gotten hit with bad customer service again today, this time from the parking lot. i called to order a pizza and the kid on the "
3438,2,Negative," Bad pizza you want from here. they don't treat customers like they used to. the one time i went to custom built i got a 6 pack of soda and 20 wings and i used to love the pizza. but after i had the childrens pizza, i felt like i could have gotten better pizza at the store. so i decided to try custom built.  custom built is pretty bad. the guy behind the counter wasnt nice and he pushed a pizza too far in any direction. he wasnt apologetic, just rude.  the pizza was cold and tasted like left over garbage dump pizza.  i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. "
3439,2,Negative," Bad pizza exists but it rarely disappoints i waste of time"" oh, wait, that was good. i followed the instructions exactly. just like the bartender said. his wife tried a pizza with artichoke hearts and it went horribly wrong. the pizza was fine. but the hamachi (hamachi means flat bread in hanuch) was like the dry rubbery crap on a Chinese take-out order. gross. ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. hamachi was ok. but what awful cold crust.  ""this bad boy deserves 0 stars. this is the worst delivery i've experienced in a long time! "
3440,2,Negative," Bad pizza, we were searching hard for a pizza that our children would like and not have to look up recipes. when i spotted it, i was eager to give it a try and the kid behind the counter seemed very excited by the whole thing.    the pizza felt very fresh and had a lot of flavor, not like pancake batter or anything.  it was certainly not the same pancake batter i would expect from new york thin style, but it was close.    the kid behind the counter seemed very enthusiastic and nice, i will give him that.   the couple times i ordered pizza from there, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom.  the cann "
3441,2,Negative," Bad pizza & babysitters forbidden. """"weird"""" - our neighborhood is that way.  i also got a really weird pizza: """"well, the family deal does come with two two liters of diet coke, not one. not sure what that was supposed to mean, but i don't know what the big deal was. yuck"" the pizza was bland & hard, not nearly as good as frozen digorno, and the prices are high & not competitive.  ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their "
3442,2,Negative," Bad pizza on the cheap.  Judging by the reaction to our meal, we were on to something.   we split an alfredo and a salumi plate.  the salumi plate was nice but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three meats.  the alfredo was good but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only two meats.   i would come back to try the alfredo again and also to see if the pizza improves.  it could use some love.  the prices are exorbitant by most standards and their pizza is so bland it makes me want to vomit.    when i talk to the owners about "
3443,2,Negative," Bad pizza, maybe I should try they're ... they really don't mess around that much."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza come out of the oven. waited 5 minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to give us our pizza that was clearly sitting on top of the oven. he was busy cleaning he said."" ""man, does this place suck. trust the reviews! i ignored the negative ratings, and that was a mistake. i ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce. what i got: large pizza half pepperoni and half ham & pineapple with """"light ranch"""" sauce. no mention of the """"light"" part. most of the reviews on here rant "
3444,2,Negative," Bad pizza but the delivery time is sooo bad. ughh... worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  just want to say sorry. won't be ordering from there again."" ""i lost a brother an hour and 15 minutes ago. so, what does that say about my experience? i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost 40 minutes watching him cry for his food. again! i was in shock. my pizza was cold. not even lukewarm. his milk was cloudy. his pizza was blahh. this is the saddest i have ever been in my life. i felt like i was being watched. this is the kind of pizza no one will ever want. our local "
3445,2,Negative," Bad pizza."" if you're looking for cheap italian they probably have it in stock.  their pizza was undercooked and bare. not a happy customer."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizzas take 45-60 minutes to prepare.   we "
3446,2,Negative, Bad pizza that you can't tell the difference from bad to mediocre. i've ordered this place many times and it had great reviews on instagram but the one time i went there it was barely open because my sister wanted to go to the dentist so i ordered anyway and it took almost an hour and a half before the pizza even came. guess i'll try the local papa johns instead. terrible customer service. i have been order for food and have gotten food stuck in the hold area all over the store.   i once called to order a pizza and it took 1 hour and 15 minutes to get my pizza.   i hate to be rude but the whole delivery was standing around and nobody addressed us. clearly they thought 
3447,2,Negative," Bad pizza? Why wouldn't you just make pizza that's as if a million Jews were murdered and fed to a mosh pit and shipped across the country yet you somehow manage to keep the same taste while scaling back on the fat consumption level. why the heck is this the best pizza in the city and yet everyone seems to hate it?  i also spent 18 bux on a veal parm sub. it was good, but not nearly as good as this. the madrone is just a reconstituted pudgier apple pie with no soul. it's like eating an afterthought pie and drinking cheap frozen yogurt.  the pizza was thawed out and refilled several times and we both had empty stomachs. yet "
3448,2,Negative," Bad pizza that they won't deliver to my door wth?"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer and cook it longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $ "
3449,2,Negative," Bad pizza don't let's you kid yourself. it's as if the parents are getting richer by not teaching their kids good skills. it's more like a ponzi scheme than a good idea.  i remember one time our waiter was decent. i give him one star because he gave me two slices of pizza and told me to """"scoop it up"""" when i asked for a box.   i don't know if the pizza was really fresh. it could have been frozen any minute. the sauce was gross. i should have taken a picture. this is the sort of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i got sick over and over again while eating here. the first time i "
3450,2,Negative," Bad pizza is hard to come by in los angeles, and i've been waiting for this bad boy to come through the doors of the new flagship store in la veranda park. since its inception in 1999, this has been the worst one star rating i've encountered anywhere. the food is good, but i've come to expect worse from here.  just like our waiter promised us, the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. not sure why the chefs couldn't throw some fancy pasta or something new, but the quality of the sauce, cheese and crust—both fresh and dried—wasn't up to par of what i've come to expect from las vegas pizza, and that's not something that's changed.  i'm hoping "
3451,2,Negative," Bad pizza' order after reading the description on the box not realizing it was pizza with a bad crust. it took over 5 minutes to get an emic to taste anything like that. i would rather go to dominos ! ""pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone dead wrong about 20 times and the crust was dried out, chalky, and lacking flavor. there's no denying that the pizza was not very good, but what makes it so bad is the customer base has become dependent on it. i'm not just criticizing the neighborhood pizza, which is great, but the pizza itself? gross."" ""visited this place on november 19th 2016, which is national adoption day, and the service "
3452,2,Negative," Bad pizza! if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.  don't waste your money eating here."" absolutely terrible service. our server was the most clueless guy. he told us that he didn't recommend the lasagna and the extra thin crust pizza. so i ordered anyways.  pizza was ok.  the lasagna tasted like the forest floor. this place is terrible. ""we ordered from this location last night for the first time in about 8 years.   we got take out because we were busy and we wanted to make sure we got good food. we wanted to try new things and we wanted to try different types of food. we wanted to try a few different things: bacon crust, smoked "
3453,2,Negative," Bad pizza that they could have rolled out in five minutes flat.  awful."" ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the two types of pizza i ordered were burned and fresh.  their burn type was much better than the frozen type, and the crust was cooked thought as if it were freshly ground up.  the fresh pizza tasted like frozen Panda with salt missing.    i think the general consensus among our "
3454,2,Negative," Bad pizza. ordered 2 cheese and a meat and my total was $20.58  why would anybody pay $20 for a pizza that don't even come close to what i expected the taste? the meat was dry and overpriced, the cheese was chunky and dry, and the crust was flaky. the prices are right, but they're not great.  if you want super cheap, you've got it rough--or so they say. maybe i'll try another pizza next time."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors "
3455,2,Negative," Bad pizza at a super cheap price  i've forgiven their rudeness over the phone many times, basically because i am able to order online. however, they have absolutely nothing good to say about it...  it has been awhile and i will probably be turning off the gas for the pipeline tonight around 9:40, when it should be at 9:45, but guess i'll have to stay with the 1:35 rush."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going "
3456,2,Negative," Bad pizza. then again, maybe not.   the thing is, we're seasonally delayed... and it sucks.   so, is the new domino's pizza good?   nope. it's terrible.   the weird dough tastes like something out of a science fair project, yuck!"" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.    plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support "
3457,2,Negative," Bad pizza. you'd think the guys that own this store are pretty dumb, but nope...they're pass this, kids! ""this will be my last time here. i wasted $18 on two pizzas. one with parmesan on the side, the other with parmesan on the bottom. the crust was bland, the sauce was generic, and the cheese was chopped up. i would buy from other places, but this was the closest i've been to dying in this lifetime. what a disappointment."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, but the crust was cooked good and the toppings were nice and varied. i would buy from here again if given the "
3458,2,Negative," Bad pizza, the same old same old, nothing new to say. i give it two stars because it's new and i'm hungry."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would.  the shrimp pizza was really good. i had the family special which comes with two two two liters. we ordered a salad and a pizza. the salad was really good. i liked the walnuts and the club sandwich was really "
3459,2,Negative," Bad pizza' or 'pizza that just sits out all day', you're going to end up with left over left over pizza.  right?    there is no such thing as bad pizza, only mistaken identity as pizza."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. y "
3460,2,Negative," Bad pizza' 90 min outside, and that's saying something."" last night my family at cicis  pizza.  we hadn't eaten in this restaurant for about a year and boy have they changed.  the restaurant is under staffed.  we went up to the counter quite a few times and there were not any pizza's.  it's hard to believe you go to a pizza buffet and no pizza.  we waited 20 minutes for a desert pizza to be made.  there were a few people working really hard but they needed more people.  the floor had old napkin and it took quite a few minutes for the 1 person to take our used plates away.  we will never go back. ""pizzas are salty "
3461,2,Negative," Bad pizza. i mean come on man, where's the fun in that? isn't that a slap in the face to all pizza eaters? nope. nothing. just cookie cutter pizza.   the salads are good and we've had the pablo picasso a couple of times. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice which you'd expect from a stainless steel sink, but the taste was so-so-similar to diet coke. the tangy spinach salad was good & changed my mind about this place. it was so bland and uninteresting. i honestly couldn't tell you what stupid name that was going to be going forward. it could have been any pizza place. it could have been named after a cookbook "
3462,2,Negative," Bad pizza for $5 - 8 is a great value. case in point -  i ordered a pizza for $7, got a creamed corn dog for $7, and not even got a soda - teen valium. no charge since i was there. now, imagine being there and finding that your pizza was never even hot at all, let alone cooked. that's what i was dealing with today. a $7 service charge for a cold pizza and a cold bread that's more like it. if that's what your looking for in a dining experience, then this is your place. if not, then keep waiting for the next great pizza, try one of the many other restaurants in the area and get out more. you won't be disappointed "
3463,2,Negative," Bad pizza here, but you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends "
3464,2,Negative," Bad pizza....i haven't had that in quite some time!!!!!!!!! this is fairly new to the area, and we've been ordering from this location for about 2 months. we ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine and the bruschetta with linguine. the woman at the counter was not apologetic, nothing. just rude. and again i watched the server trying to juggle two pizzas while the cook was cooking the pizza. again i watched the cook put the pizza away while the server came back and handed me a second pizza. i took that as a sign that the cook was hungry and stood up when she came back. she didn't say sorry, just show some more up-do. i got my pizza and it "
3465,2,Negative," Bad pizza , if thats what you're looking for then this is not the restaurant and location.  don't waste your time eating here , tell a friend make your own pizza , and drive to a different one - it's worth the gas."" ""keep telling people that you deliver, and they start to believe you. i finally decided to try it out.  i ordered through the phone for pick up, and waited for 5-6 minutes with no delivery.  the scary part is, i didn't even know you could order delivery until i got home.  i told my husband and he said, """"it's not supposed to be this hard, just trust us,"""".  my husband didn't buy it.  it's supposed to "
3466,2,Negative," Bad pizza but they should have stuck with the old fashioned which is more like 2 liter of diet coke. also the cookbook used to be good but alot of typos and stuff. now it's awful awful mediocre. ""this is bad, really bad pizza.  we ordered it for delivery and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery.  this was a huge mistake by the driver.  he should have known the 2 liter of diet coke was for little more than a sniff while he unpacked.  the pizza should have been hot and ready in no time.  it was undercooked and bare.  it was gross.  we won't be ordering from this franchise again."" make sure you zero out the  tip "
3467,2,Negative," Bad pizza that everyone can agree on. on the menu, there is a policy stating that all pizza shall be prepared to """"light ice"""" - which is basically just a chilled 9-inch pizza in oil. the oil is optional, but we always suggest 9-inches so that the crust isn't too burnt. the policy states that """"light ice"""" means no more than a few tablespoons, and sometimes a quarter cup. the ice isn't even hot enough that it melts when picked up, instead of being stuck in the oil like it was. this policy doesn't exist in all states, and it seems pretty strict to us. if you really want italian, you'll have to go to the shop and get a much better deal. maybe i'm "
3468,2,Negative," Bad pizza, made right here in the united states. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. the cooks are nice, not overly helpful but never rude. this place really messed up the order, i had to wait close to an hour and a half before realizing we needed to get out more.  i really liked the atmosphere and the really good pizza that was made fresh in the oven. i also really wanted to like the pizza the decor of the restaurant is based on.   i ordered food and a drink. i was expecting a little something new and exciting. what i got: bland, overpriced, and really overpriced.   i would come back to try the food and possibly even to score "
3469,2,Negative," Bad pizza that they never deliver, they loose my business."" ""a couple weeks ago, i received a call from east liberty by phone. i explained to the person on the phone what happened and the woman on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that i should be 'putting your money where your mouth is' and that they had to call security to come assist. i if i did something wrong they would have been there in an hour. i don't think i was going to be put in the stocks. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem.  i've been here three or four times. the first two were a few months ago and i thought the pizza and pasta was great. i'm from "
3470,2,Negative," Bad pizza 'cause that's what they're known for. and yeah, let me make sure this place gets it's pizza fix...make sure it gets it's own cold hard fryin' sheet. otherwise, i'm fine with it."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know someone could provide a way better customer experience than this person did for the same amount of money.  if i was a business owner i'd be opening up more locations.  keep the good people you have, I'll be back."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer and cook "
3471,2,Negative," Bad pizza is good., if you like it."" ""yuck!!!!! i wasted $18 plus a $2 tip on a cold pizza and cold soup. not surprisingly, the customer base is conservative. parents, look at your kids. you might as well be asking them to wash their hands, which is how it's supposed to be. if you want something different, you need to get out more. if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been around for so long, it's because they've mastered the art of pizza hut. either figure your system out, or give it up.   if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for "
3472,2,Negative," Bad pizza = frozen meanie pizza with damn near no flavor. they don't offer small order wings, which is odd in my book. they don't offer homemade pizza, only purchased in bulk from other stores, so I'd assume they sell it through some sort of contract with another store. whatever it is, they don't offer it as an option on their menu, and that's really disappointing."" ""we are new to the dc area and decided to order new pizza. kind of a hassle to get to know the place, so we decided to try it out.  - ordered the new pizza on my way in, waited for 20 minutes for the other guests to arrive, and then they told us they dropped it.  oh, and they "
3473,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, 6 with no condiments, no one home made, and no signature. all undercooked. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. how is this not a rip off? why is this a rip off? high marks for execution, mediocre pizza, and clueless employees."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  ""a few months ago i received a spam email from papa johns. the email stated: ""we accept MasterCard, Visa, and Discover. but we don't accept checks, money orders, or anything else with a price tag over $20.00 "
3474,2,Negative," Small portion pizza + one with side salad for $6.00  i know the place is new and i could use a good pizza, but the quality has been slipping for some time now.   the prices are very good, $5 - 7 for a 6-slize pizza, small enough to fit in a sandwich, medium sized enough to feed 2 - 3.25 people.   the pizza is not flaky and the crust does not have any life to it.  it's like cardboard -- bad for slicing, bad for cooking, bad for sharing.   the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.    there is no reason a medium size pizza should "
3475,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, hardly any toppings, all sliced cheese was gone. too bad. won't be coming back."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $ "
3476,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 31$ plus tip. not even a salad for 21$. not a salad for 21$. not even a hello Kitty for 21$. and you know they were going to call it a salad, not a cold pizza. what kind of sick fuck is this place?"" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted "
3477,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 so i don't really see the point. pretty run of the mill crappy pizza so no point"" ""the pizza was great! had the stuffed deep dish and the thin crust. had to throw the deep dish because the crust was soggy and hard. stuffed very good. didn't taste like very much at all, weird. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my "
3478,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, few toppings and a cold pizza. not even a try and I was told no we did not get the wrong pizza"" try to improve, get a management team that cares about their employees. i worked for an office that provided excellent customer service for years and was sworn to secrecy. their pizza selection was almost entirely frozen pizza (some months had """"light ice"""" which is where the thin crust came from. other months had whole wheat crust. i recall one night my co worker laid an extra thin crust pizza on top of an already thin crust. i immediately knew it was not mine. it was extremely bland, almost like it was made in a factory. i should have said something, but then again i should have said something.  "
3479,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (less than a half dozen's worth) mucho delicious. i give it two stars because the other kid in the class had better things to do, and because i was there and witnessed this garbage.   if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with "
3480,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 if you include 1/2 off (i'm not including tips with the pizza). so, in theory, a child under 6 can expect to pay $7.50 for a slice of pizza.  well, if the tip is good, that's $7.50 per slice.  not a great bang for the buck, but it's better than nothing.    well, i got my pizza yesterday and it was totally not what i expected the sauces, cheese, and toppings were all off.  the pizza was warm and well done but i also noticed that the crust was soggy and underdone.  this is a sign that nobody cares to wipe down the crust, otherwise it "
3481,2,Negative, Small portion pizza 20 for 34 with 6 wings $6.49   italia51 steak pizza 43{smooth}   with a side of alfredo $6.99   italia51 bikini pizza 45{smooth} with a side of malbec $6.49   italia51 'sauce' $6.49   italia51 salad $6.49   italia51 monday pizza $6.49   italia51 sunday pizza $6.49   italia51 thin crust pizza $6.49   italia51 thin crust $6.49   italia51 thin crust $6.49   italia51 'sauce' $ 
3482,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for about $10.00 thats a great cost for the quality.  i also ordered mozarella sticks and they were not hot at all. small amount of cheese, very bland, no flavor, very low heat, no flame thrower. supposed to be hot when eaten, not when microwaved. the sticks were warm but shrunken undercooked. the pizza was bland, small, and overpriced. compare it to old fashioned pizza, much better known around the block."" ""ordered two pizzas--1/2 peter pizza, 1 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and sausage, all wrapped in bacon, and all chopped up. the guy who took my order was a little on the small side, which is "
3483,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 29$ including tip.  709 total  with a tip for 24$. pizza and a 20$ service charge.  we did not get a pizza for 25$.   we tip 40$ to 65$. which is a pretty good tip.   we get a phone call the next day saying that we shorted the driver $40.  we don't get a call that night, but the next day.   we do get a call that night saying that we shorted the driver $40.   we don't get a call that night saying that we shorted the driver $40.   we do get a call the next day saying that we shorted the driver "
3484,2,Negative," Small portion pizza cold, maybe frozen dry, hard as a rock solid rock and ready to eat. i've been here twice. both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza italian beef and sausage and i was hoping it would be good. i was disappointed. the sauce is bland, the crust ok. but the fat is dark brown, hard as a rock solid rock and ready to eat. the staff was nice. i worked there for 2 hours. i would highly recommend not ordering through this disgusting disgusting horrific cold gross pizza place. they don't care about what they serve you. & again i was disappointed. the second time i ordered we had to call a pizza. i think it was the same one they made for the duck confit "
3485,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only). i would much rather pay $5 more for my pizza then go to this location.  Plus they are always busy then i am in the mood for a nice relaxing pizza. like the guy behind the counter at cpk. i always enjoy his company."" ""this will be my last time here. too many long lines, no parking, and really gross pizza. i mean really gross. i was wondering if i could try one of the new pizzas ... i mean, come on... is that pizza really that gross?????? i mean, sure, it's not that bad... but who pays $6 for a pizza that's really not that bad (i would equate it to an "
3486,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and was told it would be ready in 15 minutes. got nothing. btw my pizza was cold. and there is some manager guy walking around looking busy but what a joke. also i ordered a calzone which was not a calzone. crust chandler simply italian is a joke of a place and anyone that waste there money obviously does not care about the food they put in there mouth or any kind of service. what a rip off. just remember every time someone has a bad meal they tell 10 people. i was with 4 people. that's 50 people in day. i think the real problem is the customer base has no clue what good italian is. it sad that so many people accept this. ""the pizza was "
3487,2,Negative," Small portion pizza lol  i ordered a medium pepperoni and a medium pineapple pizza, and my total was $20.58... i don't know how the discount works, and if it does, how does a one dollar pizza qualify as a $20.58? i would think that it was a typo on the part of the employee, and not $X worth of food.   the pizza wasnt up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, but it was decent. the sauce that they use is Costco's, and the crust is Germain's. the cheese is parmesan, the sausage is a bit chunky, and the pepperoni is missing the florets. "
3488,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 18$????  we tried to call back and of course no answer.   we had planned on eating at papa john's so we gave that a try instead.   i think the food went over well at the restaurant.  it did well to attract a following.  but if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourselves a favor and go to little joe's pizza.  it's got it all: the salumi plate, the carry out, the large size pizzas, and the rock'n'rolla crust.  joe's pizza is just a smidge nicer than little joe's pizza, but much nicer with much better sauce and cheese.  i "
3489,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, 20 wings, soda?? who gives a crap what he's wearing? i'm guessing it's some store new york style called no frills where everything is super fresh and to the point, but i don't know. this was undercooked, as if the cook hadn't been to the kitchen before. there's no doubt in my mind this was made in a factory.   there are many other places in town for good pizza and wings, so why the fuck isn't this place great?"" pizza and wings were great. had the deep dish with the pablo picasso wood-burning fire. they do not charge extra for the deep dishes. i would imagine it would take quite a team effort to put on a "
3490,2,Negative," Small portion pizza pizza was not included in the total. italian beef is pretty good.   i would come back to try the milkshake. it's good."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i expected a bit of a line since i'm in nyc, but i was disappointed.  the pizza was very good, but it's not like the """"real thing"""" - this is more like a thin crust.  if you're looking for a really good pizza, then this is not the place.   i'm only giving it 3 stars due to the thin crust, and 2 stars for the atmosphere.  it definitely has room for growth.   if "
3491,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, about 16"""". there are many other places in town for good pizza avoid this and you will be more than happy.  hit and miss. pizza came out cold. we ordered the classic pepperoni and there are many other sauces you can put on it. we chose the alfredo because it was the only one that came with tongs. the pizza was tasty, but i don't understand why people think that is what it is. it tastes like frozen dentist office food. maybe it is a bad business decision, but the pizza isn't nearly hot enough to stay warm on an even spread. i would pay for it more if i knew it was good."" ""this will be my last time here. i've "
3492,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, but you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to "
3493,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 10 people. we had 15 kids and 2 babies. the pizza was undercooked, the crust chipped, and the cheese was missing. our waiter only showed up once to half fill my water. overall not a good experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went into oven. no pizza is really that worth it. i've had better. ""not impressed with this place at all!  i've eaten here many times and it gets increasingly disappointing every time.  the sushi pizza is more like a flat bread sushi pizza, so it's almost  like fried toffee when you try and chew it.... very gross.  the "
3494,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10!!! i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's then this!!! i wish everyone could see the pain i was in with this one bite!!!i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's then this!!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it's garbage. i had high hopes, low expectations, and low service.   i ordered food to go and when i got home i was disappointed. their paper crust was over-cooked. i had to cook longer. the paper crust was dryer than the bottom of a bread dough. and the toppings were sparse. "
3495,2,Negative," Small portion pizza per person.    we were there around 5:30 pm. by then the pizza was  already cold.   pizza was not that great. it was  more like passable Cheddar cheese pizza.    we waited 20 minutes for the guy who picked up our order to come back with us.  he  didn't even wash his hands.  i  still have yet to receive my pizza.  it snowballs in the back of the store while i wait for  another employee to show up.    we are considering pulling the plug on this location.  we are paying cash for food, not service.  we are paying for a cold pizza, not a hot one.  "
3496,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 that i think most people will be ok with.  i don't know if the pizza is really new york style, but i guess it is a hybrid between italian and thin crust.  i guess i'll have to try it out.  being from new york, we know and appreciate thin crust!  being a pizza buff, i know exactly what i'm getting into.  i know the look and feel of the crust, and that is probably why i like it so much.  well, if the crust isnt new york style, then nothing special.  but if it is new york style, then new york-style... thin crust.  anyways, i ordered "
3497,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 61d. washer doesn't make it easy on a pizza, especially one that's been sitting there for over 45 mins.    not impressed with this place at all!  i waited 40 minutes for a washed up pizza due to faulty induction. no offer to look up my card number or anything so who knows what happened with the pizzas.   worst customer service i've experienced in years!  the server who served me was extremely rude and tried to choke me out when i asked for a raw cookie. i was able to pay with a change. he then tries to give me a bill that's been sitting there for over 45mins. i asked for a $5 tip and he shows up with $40 "
3498,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 which is almost 20% off.    what a great community this is in the brookline area.  if you are serious about pizza consumption you should go to one of the many chain pizza places that are just opening up.  we got a glimpse of what it's like inside a restaurant when we visited our parents in waslamic vegas in phoenix in phoenix, great for eating their pizza.  italian beef is mediocre at best, soggy on pizza, and very rarely seen.  the pizza was ok, not nearly as good as it's in charlie, but better than nothing.   if you're really serious about the idea of eating a phoenix "
3499,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11, including tip.  oh, and they drenched the pizza in ranch.  it didn't taste right.  i would expect better from a steakhouse this size.  than i did, walked in expecting to find a mediocre pizza, but really, the higher end of pizza you want to go with the straw.  if you want ultra thin crust pizza, come here.  if you want too thick crust pizza, come here and you will probably be let down after the fourth bite.  i came here expecting to get ultra thin crust, and i expected to be let down after the fourth bite.  yes, i said ultra thin.  not nearly as thick as arby's crust, but still thick enough to "
3500,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 6 people, i think its 2 person for 23.00 i gave it a try and let them know it was too weird to pass off as a dinner for 6. theyre pretty good, but the pizza tasted like frozen tatiana's. they also use cheddar cheese, which is mild cheese but i don't like when the cheese is chopped in half. this stuff is awful. the price is right, but i'd change it up a bit.  pizza and a very good salad for $10 is a great value. if you're wondering if you should try this place...do yourself a favor and stay home and DFS the place."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still "
3501,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 21$ - chili was good but not nearly enough to sop up the klutziness of our family. my daughter had the stuffed deep dish pizza, my son 6 meat pizza, and my daughter got her vegetarian stuffed deep dish. the pizza wasn't hot at all and the meat was tough. i would eat it again if it was $1 better. i'm giving it an ""F"" for the money."" ""a little pricey, but the pizza was really good. i've had frozen pizza this bad before, but this was the first time i've received a pizza that wasn't just bland, not nearly as bland as frozen you'd get in a grocery store, but still... bland. you know how you go "
3502,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, about 12 wings, 2 l soda + 1 extra (don't forget the wings!) and no condiments. their wings are like cardboard. i'm not kidding. it's not even close. the soda is the best part of the pizza - the wings are the best part, the ice cold, strong lemonade like substance. just tastes like cheap lemonade. their wings are not that good. they might have been made in a factory somewhere and the crust is stale. but the sauce is generic, bland, and uninteresting. the wings are hard, dry, and hard to move even when held down. the soda is the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. "
3503,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for about $10.00 including tip. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's instead of this place. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. "
3504,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and about 8 wings, all for $10.41 plus tip for the """"two gnarly pizzas and disgusting chicken wings special"""".    there is no better way to spend $25 than from now on  pizza & wings.   we picked this place bc of the  tatiana's they make and bc of the   pizza and the wings.   what went wrong:  - the sauce is oil based.  it's too thick & greasy.  - the crust is bland.  - the toppings grow longer the more they are used.  the cheese is low end of the cheese range.   it should be noted that this is a "
3505,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, no condiments, no what not to lowlives. seriously…its low says it all.   if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to l8nder and go to the regular in speedwell, not go to this place cause you're going to regret it."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i "
3506,2,Negative," Small portion pizza'.. i got a small pizza.. it wasn't that hot.. but it was warm enough that i went ahead and paid for it. i then handed the driver $40 and she said """"let me get your change."""" the change should have been $9.42 she came back and handed me only $9 not even saying sorry i don't have any change, change she just assumed she could keep the 42 cents and hesitated like i was going to give her more for a tip.  well now i'm seeing red so that's all she got as her tip: the 42 cents she assumed she could just keep and i walked away from her. this whole delivery was the worse experience i've ever had from this place. they acted as though "
3507,2,Negative," Small portion pizza that's the size of a quarter measures 9.75″x 12.5″ so it's pretty small.  the pizza meat was super chewy, i couldnt even cut it with a knife… it was just all rough bed of wool that was tough as a rock. the sauce was a bit salty….maybe a touch salty on the chewy side, but not so salty as to be undrinkable. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of passing off something they had low end pizza.  odds are good i'll be back."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza come out of the oven. waited "
3508,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and despite the small portions, the price was right.  we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza (i had the 'nduja). the salumi plate was nice but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three meats. the pizzas looked good but were pretty tasteless - the cheese was bland, the sauce was bland and missing the necessary balance of tanginess and sweetness, and the crust was dried out and lacking flavor (probably a result of the electric oven).   i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""used to be a good place, has gone downhill "
3509,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 thats a great value considering the quantity you get, its a great treat if you know what i mean.   my wife ordered a chicken wrap and it took almost the whole thing as a wrap, it was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the grilled cheese stick, its a keeper.  my recommendation would be to go to bambinos or east side for quality pizza, or find a good, local pizza shop that treats their customers well. if you want really thin crust, come here and get some pizza that just falls off the bone, not this place. if you're looking for a really thick crust, come here and get some pizza that "
3510,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for over $20 (dine in only).  i would rather go to little joe's pizza or chic h 20 instead.  joe's pizza is slow, take your pick:   little joe's pizza:      little joe's pizza:         ….slow,   little joe's pizza:        little joe's pizza:        little joe's pizza:         little joe's pizza:         mini pizza:          pizza with sauce:       "
3511,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 18.95? Sounds too good to be true.  i would pay for a much better experience at a shop that actually makes it, like this one."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross.  my husband, myself and my daughter could not eat it.  we even thew out our leftovers the moment we got home.  they are doing chicago style pizza a disservice.  the chopped salad was delicious.  the mozzarella triangles were great.  the wait for a table "
3512,2,Negative," Small portion pizza; i would expect double the pizza price at that establishment.  their pizza clearly isn't made in house, it's been re-mixed and bottled-up, and while the crust is still good, the cheese and toppings have been stripped bare. i've been here twice; once with my sister, and again with my brother. the first time was something in the neighborhood of $13-16, and while i appreciated the effort put into the pizza, the taste didn't come through. i also appreciated the fact that the pizza was made fresh, not frozen, and the quality was excellent. i still have mixed feelings about this place; firstly, because i don't know if the pizza is really that worth the price, and "
3513,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.  so we order a traditional pepperoni with a side of meat and a meat sauce, and then we get pineapple pizza, which is supposed to be """"pineapple bad"""" according to the ingredient list. this was odd. """"pineapple bad"""" sounds like something out of a jar. the meat was super chewy, almost like cardboard. the sauce was bland, blandt, and uninteresting. i don't know if the pizza is supposed to be """"pineapple crisp"""" or """"pineapple sauce"""" and the crust is supposed to be browned but we don't see that anywhere. the pepperoni was soggy and underdone. the taste was bland and bland. the crust was flaky and underdone. the price "
3514,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. no condiments, just like one other pizza place in the vegas area had.... tasted like one other pizza place in the vegas area had, too.... and i've been to other places in the area, too.   the pizza tonight tasted like frozen tater tots with giant air pockets in them. i'm not kidding. those pizza lights up like those tots and i had no idea they even made those.   i ordered the pizza with no condiments or sticks. stupid mistake. i should have kept my money.   i'm full, sad, and sadistic.   don't waste your money eating here."" ""it depends what you mean by pizza. i'm not "
3515,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. the cashier in our location was very nice & approachable.  we got our pizza in the incorrect amount of time. should have had to wait.   we picked this spot bc we thought the pizza would be good, not to mention it's right by our hotel.  its simply not worth the trip and while i gave no real issues with it taking an hour plus to be ready for carryout during a busy time of day  that should be acknowledged ahead of time."" one of the worst pizza i had . they did not even bother to make the pizza correct for me. i would equate this to a medium pizza. very bland and uninteresting. won't be ordering from them again. ""pretty average "
3516,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for under $10.00!! we could have saved $$$ with that one pizza."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i "
3517,2,Negative, Small portion pizza. larger than a life size pizza. half full of sauce. half plain with seaweed. both frozen. both had bland sauce. wtf i did order a frozen pizza. idk where that was from. guess it was the south west. then again i could have gotten that anywhere.   second time in and again i wait for a ready now plain ole cheese pizza!   i need to get out more!  look at that face of hers.   i bet it was made in a factory somewhere.  that's how bland it is.   if that was the only pizza they made i would be more than happy.  but nope they made two kinds: the golden crust and the wood
3518,2,Negative," Small portion pizza was thrown out because it was lagging behind on the tray. the dough is ok, not the best...but not awful either. 2) at $25, this was definitely not worth the price! 3) their glazed tortellini slices - hard as a rock crappy cardboard that has been sitting in a box for a looooong time - were undercooked.   4) their flatbread is not that great, a puddle of bland pancetta with little else than a hint of garlic salt and a side of chopped parsley or mint.   5) their glazed ham slices are not nearly as good as frozen boston butt, much less comparable to fondant.  6) their gl "
3519,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 including tip. well this is the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese is low quality, the crust is blahh, and the worst part: the sauce is thinly spread. this should not be called the humble pie because it is just a crust. but i will say this about the pizza sauce: it was the weakest link. probably the weakest link in the entire pizza. i would skip this one."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. "
3520,2,Negative," Small portion pizza...slices were not very nice...just to round out the crust.   i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""used to be a good place. has gone downhill the last few years. i already know their pizza is not good anymore, it was when they first opened, but i was in the mood for pasta and decided to give them a chance to redeem themselves .   i ordered to go and when i got their at 8 pm on a saturday night and there was only one two person table and no other people in the restaurant, i had a feeling something wasn't right.   "
3521,2,Negative," Small portion pizza featuring many cuts not shown here.  first came home to find that their crust was soggy / gummy on top and on the bottom. i was pleased by the choice of toppings -the bruschetta was fresh and tasty.   now, let's talk cheese. the pizza was shredded and then chilled down to a looser consistency in the freezer section. the toppings were limited, so they had to improvise. the result was a very large cold crust with very little flavor.   i know good little sandwiches -this is not it.  i grew up with little sandwiches, not this.    i don't understand why people think this is a place where they can succeed.  "
3522,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and frozen hard boiled eggs for around $12 including tip.     we weren't looking for a 'pay what you want' type of place, rather i wanted to try a 'wow i can't believe this is how it is' type of place.  that's how 'cha do it' kind of places are supposed to be.    what i found is that the pizza is pretty shitty man they had no pepperoni, so much so i couldnt even tell you which was supposed to be which.  we also ordered alfredo for the kids and italian beef for the adult.  the alfredo was so bland it made me want to toss it.  the meat was fine.  "
3523,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.. my husband, myself and my daughter could not eat it. it was gross.. we were replacing a pizza that was burnt. we were looking for a pizza with no potholes and this is what we got -- we were looking for a pizza that didn't have holes in it. i'm with the critics on this one -- the crust was gross.. the sausage was soggy.. the pepperoni was soggy.. the quinoa salad was good.. the maki's were soggy.. the keg straws were small.. and the price was right.. i ate it. it was good.. but i would come back to try the pastas and the bruschetta.  i think the food is great "
3524,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 26$ that was obviously spent on some other order, no giving them any money back - 26$ for a cold pizza? Is this the new normal?  normally we love papa john's, but they don't deliver to our place.  we really wanted pizza so we went to little joe's pizza.  we thought the pizza was amazing, but we were wrong!  it was okay.  it was fresh, but not over cooked.  we ordered pepperoni, kalamata and mushroom pizza.  not three different pizzas, not even a pizza with crust three inches in diameter.  they did not even bother to put crust on the meaty part of the pizza.  it was all one big "
3525,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 20$ ,  we were being courteous to the person who just spent $20 on a cold pizza, not Scott.   we split a salumi plate and each got a pizza for $8.40 (dine in only).  the pizza was obviously reheated and frozen - the oil was cold and the crust was dry.  not a happy customer.  when our server came back to check on us we mentioned to her that the pizza was on the greasy side. she then said in a very rude tone that """"that is how it is and that is normal for all pizza"""".    we were disappointed and will not be returning."" ""if i had to rate this place on "
3526,2,Negative," Small portion pizza  2x 2 topping pizzas  2 pizzas  made in chicago  price: $9  plus tip  i would come back to try the pizza more seriously and probably get a better pizza."" ""changed our family pizza routine this year.  we love pizza, but we also like thin crust, so we're not super picky about it.  on the lighter side, the pizza tasted okay - a bit salty, but not over-powered by garlic salt.  on the thicker side, the crust was soggy, bland, and uninteresting.    the zamboni pizza we ordered this time was very good.  it was thickly sliced, very nice. "
3527,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for $6!!!! that's insane. even for the crazy $6 pizza, that's crazy. we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of for us, that's how bland it was. if there was a better option in the area, i wouldn't bother with this place."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to "
3528,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 (dine in only).   while they may not have the largest selection, they sure as heck make the best pizza in the area.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the place have been open for so long, but the one who owns the place has been open for so long that i just assumed they were juggling multiple jobs.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the place have been open for so long, but the one who owns the place has been open for so long that i assumed they were juggling multiple jobs.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the "
3529,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 13$! no one that i talked to at work knew this was even a thing! i asked for a box, the employee make me a pizza box, i get a white pizza with giant air pockets in the center and all around it. i love white pizza, but this was just ok. the staff was decent, but the crust was blahh. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?  white pizza, black onyx on the bottom, white cheese on top blahhh...""the menu says """"white pizza"""" but i've seen it done differently with black onyx on the bottom and white cheese on top. which is more like two slices of white cheese on top of a large pizza.   i "
3530,2,Negative," Small portion pizza' on pizza costs $1.79 , it's that simple. i've written before about how ridiculous the price is for the amount of food, and it seems like it would be a great opportunity for the city of phoenix to boost their small business climate, by giving small businesses a boost.   my husband and i are avid pizza eaters, and we know it wont be the same again that night i go to pizza sempre, it will be different. the pizza tonight tasted like a high tech pizza, not even close. i'm hoping for a laptop code pizza, not so different than the bland spaghetti and meatballs.  i'm hoping for a 'make it yourself' type of pizza, not so different than the "
3531,2,Negative," Small portion pizza hidden in the dark! not a happy customer :) we waited 40 minutes for the food to be delivered and 4 minutes for the football to be refilled. not once mentioned on the box that it was late. absolutely nothing special just low end pizza.  they only have one size pizza. we ordered garlic cream fettuccine and something stupid like that. i dont know. pizza 77 on your preferred pizza delivery method should be good. not this time.   i'm just average. not super happy with my order, but not really hungry either.  i ordered one cheese and one meat. my total was $20.58... !!!  this is insane!!! i would think twice before ordering from this place. "
3532,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and very little else.  we were disappointed but i ordered anyways knowing full well it wasn't good.  i would've preferred plain cheese over this anyways.  if i was a woman i would've said something.  i'm biased, right?  guy 2 pizzas went very well, i would've thought the pizza was better if i had received it more correctly.    i received my pizza which was mostly cheese, not really sure why the team can cook so many different things.    i really liked the atmosphere and i really enjoyed the well trained servers.  i would never go back for the pizza i received."" ""i'm sad to write this review, because i'm actually obsessed with "
3533,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 13$ is ridiculous i would think so too would anyone else who charges a lot for the same thing i would think it was a scam<|endoftext|>It's obvious that Tim and Eric really wanted to make a cash grab by charging a premium for their items.  however, they've also created an incredibly complicated system where customers are paying a lot of money for something they could be getting for free.    the basics are fairly straight forward:  you order a pizza, it should be ready in 10-15 minutes, and then you wait.  your pizza should be ready in 10-15 minutes.  it could be 20 minutes away.  yet it takes up to 45 minutes for the same pizza.  this is insanely long for "
3534,2,Negative," Small portion pizza tip for 51¢!!!  just going by previous experiences, i would estimate a 32¢ pizza tip for the 51 cents.  well if i did that every time, that would be a grand total of 41¢ i would expect every time.  i have two pre-made pizzas waiting for me when i get home. one with bell peppers, one with minced pork belly, both with asiago. the one with the sausage was missing the pancetta as well as the parmesan, where as the other with the meat was pretty good. the asiago was good. the pizza was soggy and underdone. maybe it's a training problem.   i also ordered a gluten free pizza, which came with bread "
3535,2,Negative," Small portion pizza- style, about 20 wings would be a good starting point.    we eventually got the """"short rib pizza"""" and were told it was """"short rib"""" steak.    the steak was super fatty and had no flavor.    the pizza was ok- not the best just ok.   i would come back to try the short ribs and if things go south, the players will know it straight away.   this was a disappointment."" ""when i got home to eat my pizza it barely had any cheese, mostly tomato sauce. the crust was bland, dry, and lacking flavor. the handle was flaky and dull. the handle was also greasy and chalky. the "
3536,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.  not even a slice.  they had it all prepped just for us.  it didn't even come close to what we were looking for.  we were disappointed.  we won't be returning."" we """"used"""" to order the family special every week or two on a regular basis. food was decent & value for the $ (at that time) was fairly good too. one night we ordered, checked in, and waited for over 45 minutes watching your cashier put the food in the oven. overcharges!i would have preferred you providing our own water instead of letting them serve it for free. at that time we paid $12.50 for a can of soda. i would have also paid for it if "
3537,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only). i prefer to eat at little joe's or little joe's Italian, but either way - i prefer little joe's. the pizza tonight tasted like a little pizza would have come from a grocery store. the price was right, too. our meal there was too greasy, and the pasta was cooked fine. in this case, the pasta was cooked wrong. it was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned, and was just plain old bland. the wood-fired pizza was good, too. i prefer it that way.  i must also mention that the mozzarella sticks were not that great. the crust was dry and hard, not nearly as "
3538,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 6 people. please arrive light appetized and bring your own water. no exceptions."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked "
3539,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 13.99. very few toppings, very few choices. very limited in what they could put in the pizza that you would actually eat. where did the name ""garlic bred"" come from? i've had far better pizzas. loved the milkshake. i give it two stars because it's good and i'm willing to try new things. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. "
3540,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 2x the 2 he brought me. i would rather give my $5.00 to charity then miscast a pizza i don't remember ever having before. again this was in uniform. the guy had no customer service once we placed order. he was rushing around the shop yelling at people not paying attention to order forms. overall not a good experience. go to a different pizza shop  i got two slices of pizza, one with pepperoni and one with pepperoni and sausage, and it was totally not what i expected the taste. guess i'll try papa johns. ""new italian restaurant. they make their own sauce and amazing pasta """"everyday"""" according to the waitress who served us. i've been here many "
3541,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 and up. i would rather go to dominos !  i called in for delivery and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes. once i was on hold, asked again if i could just sit anywhere in the store without being stuck with a creepy empty pizza for the rest of the day.  no dice.  so i ordered a pizza, hid it under the sink, and when the cleaning lady showed up, she was just slapping stuff in the air and waving her hands around like i was asking her to do something stupid.  good news is that the store is small and clean, and the pizza should be hot when it's delivered.  bad news is that the pizza was cold."" ""bad service "
3542,2,Negative," Small portion pizza hosed down the wazoo. over 60 people in the restaurant. some with kids, some not. some with kids in strollers, some not. some with kids in strollers, some not. some with kids in armchairs, others not. some with kids in armchairs, others not. some with kids in armchairs, others not. some with kids in armrests, others not. some with kids in armrests, others not. some with kids in armrests, others not. some with kids in armrests, others not. some with kids in armrests, others not. some with kids in arm rests, others not. some with kids in armrests, others not. some "
3543,2,Negative," Small portion pizza... we ordered 10's and 20's. the woman at the counter was not apologetic, she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"tastes good"""" as we paid.   we do not recommend this place for their pizza... absolutely horrible service, wait times that are ridiculous even for being busy, and rude employees. if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and you're really hungry, you might as well go to romas pizza, where you'll be more likely to get a good meal. sorry carters ... loser."" ""we tried this place last night.  it was a late night pick and kinda vibe wise it seemed like a friday night out. but we found it very disappointing "
3544,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for $7.66.     should have been a $2 tip, not a $2.66 tip, and we were due for $6.68, not $6.74.   tip was $12.62 , not $12.42  we did not get charged .60c for a small ice .40 ice , not even a dime change.  we received cold meat tinged with salt.  not once apologized to us for the mess, call center  heckler even stated that we were lucky the tip was not $12.62 , we were billed for $12.60, not $12.42  we had ordered a pizza , it was not delivered , and now "
3545,2,Negative," Small portion pizza was cut in half. once i unwrapped it all was ketchup, mustard, and maybe a pinch of salt. i wouldnt recommend this place for their pizza. at the end of the meal i asked for half of the crust i received to be kept and the other half to be sprinkled with sea salt. i would like to say this brought home to me the true meaning of birthday cake, but i guess not. i still have not received my pizza.   birthday girl:   their pizza is lacking in variety and not very good at all, it is greatly improved over the years..."" ""california pizza kitchen has always been one of those places that everyone can agree on. the menu is big enough "
3546,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 21$, which is more than double what it cost me.    why is this good, you might ask?  well, let's start with the toppings.   the regular pepperoni is full of dangerous-looking cheese.  i don't know how they stay in business, but they need to just shut this place down and let the competition do the heavy lifting.   the pizza comes totally without sauce.  there is no way that i would ever order that again.  the crazy part is that i have ordered it through this stupid thing called social media.  i don't post pictures of my pizza because i have no idea how they do it, and sometimes i get sick.  this time i "
3547,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, not enough to feed 2-3 people. now i know it sounds crazy cutting it into small pieces, but the longer i eat, the crazier it seems. for some weird reason, pizza always seems to be best together. maybe it's the spice?  i think the pizza should have read as pork belly pizza, not just a giant pork belly. same with the sauce. it should have read as pork belly pizza, not just a giant thin crust. same with the tortellini. it should have read as pork belly pizza, not just a giant watery pancake. same with the mozzarella sticks. it should have read as pork belly pizza, not just a giant jicama. same with the kalam "
3548,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11$!!!! i'm so mad!! i'm so mad!!! i'm so mad!!!  we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6: "
3549,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 24$. with a sub par crust and no pepperoni. if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" absolute garbage. 0 stars. flies crawling all over the slices. smells gross. pizza barely had any tomato sauce. pepperonis were like the ones from a lunchable. cheese is plastic crap. i'm royally pissed off & papa ceo would be too!!!!!! gross!! ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, oh, delivered to and oh, so sorry about. the pizza tasted like nothing. it was like nothing but loosely wrapped around a greasy finger. the guy who delivered "
3550,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and a very good burrito.  if i was a cheap person i'd give the place a monetary discount just for having a shitty attitude."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they carry small amount of everything, like 2x sandwich for 12$ or $3.50, while some of the larger chains like gold chain or pole $3.99 for the small amount of everything.   the two types of pizzas are passable.  decent meat and cheese.  not horrible but not amazing either.  their thin crust pizza tastes like something out of a can.  the pepperoni is huge and insanely hot.  the meat is dry and tasteless. "
3551,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 5'3"" , 11.25"" pizza , 13.75"" pizz , 15"" pizza , 17"" pizza , 20.75"" pizz , 21.75"" pizz , 22"" pizza ,"" 22"" pizza , 23"" pizza , 24"" pizza , 21.75"" pizza , 22"" pizza , 24"" pizza , 25.25"" pizza , 27"" pizza , 29.75"" pizza , 33.5"" pizza , 37"" pizza , 43.5"" pizza , 24 pizza , 35.75"" pizza , 44.25"" pizza , 37 pizza , 38.75"" pizza , 41.875"" pizza , 44 pizza , 42.875"" pizza , 45 pizza , 47. "
3552,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. i would never order that again. the sauces are good but as far as the pizza goes it's got great potential. thumbs up!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still dough-ish cold, and i had to cook a pot of it anyway. i don't know how the pizza is anymore, i cook with a large cast iron skillet, big enough for two people, and usually orders in the evening. yesterday evening my pizza finally arrived. it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my pizza. i had to throw it out. it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my pizza. guess i'll try another one later tonight.  "
3553,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to give it a try for so many ppl on november 19th 2018.  just assumed this was some sort of holiday trick or treat for all intents and purposes.  nose bleed foul. nose bleed foul.  there is no way this is good pizza.  it's sub-par at best. the pizza is cooked fine. the crust is light and fluffy, the toppings are limited and often bland, and the order isn't even wrong.   but what makes this place so bad is the customer base.  imagine if everypizza place tried to pass off as pizza place.  that would be a great thing.  not "
3554,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14, 18 or 24 for $4.50 , pretty standard.    their soft drinks are all pretty shitty . a pepsi can run you $6 , so you might as well drink the pepsi instead of the diet coke.   the pizza is pretty bad , the crust is good , the toppings are limited .   really? this is what diet coke looks like.   i would skip this one."" ""we'll try this place when we get a chance. i've never been here before or had their food. i ordered through the phone for pick up. i was rushed to get my order in and the window had closed. my child was standing in line "
3555,2,Negative," Small portion pizza too! it was undercooked. right out of the package. idk if they get that fixed in time for us... wtf?"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's made in ny and shipped in ny.   they don't offer small side salads for dinner, only large two person salads.  i had a milkshake that was all flavor. not like in ny style.   the prices are a little high for what they offer and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, the proprietors and management can use "
3556,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for under $10 NOTE: i used the generic store bought pizza box, very disappointed"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a dollop of cubed cheese in the mail with the wrong sauce. also this time i ordered it gorgonzola, the wrong meat sauce. guess it catered to the wacky individual that lives in texas. nothing wrong with that. who gives a shit? idk where this is all coming from. idk if the food is good, mostly guess.  maybe i'll try real pizza soon. otherwise, good food."" ""i ordered one large pizza, two small pizzas, and i got two sp "
3557,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 18$????  heck no. no thanks.   the pizza was not that great... very much like a sandwich il bought in bulk in bulk at costco.    if i could give this 0 stars i would.   maybe i'm missing something,  but i'm really not hungry at all and eating a normal sized pizza doesn't inspire much confidence."" ""thought i'd give this little place a try.  i ordered a salad and a pizza. they brought out both and froze them. when i opened them up, there was french bread on the pizza. it must  have been pre-made, because the crust was stale. i took it back to the car, and the """" "
3558,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 29$ ?    we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places, such as domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most disappointed is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there for over 45 min before "
3559,2,Negative, Small portion pizza.  not even a pizza box.   additional photos courtesy of mark reich i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in a long time! i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i would get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. i am so disappointed. we are ordering from one of the large chains so 
3560,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 30$ plus tip! ridiculous. no one addresses the delivery to """"wee's"""" other than our driver. our server was a teen whose name we won't mention to avoid awkwardness. she brought us our very first pizza which we are still using today. she charged $3.99 for it, which is what i'd expect from a pizza place, but what did she get? A medium pizza? did she just assume the form for 30$? did she not know that? did she not read the fine print on the box? seriously? did she not read the fine print on the box? i would think that a decent pizza place would have done a better job of explaining the difference between $3.99 and $9 "
3561,2,Negative," Small portion pizza but very little else. few appetizers, few sashimi options, and not a shred of good crab meat. their pizza last night tasted like frozen crap. i'm not kidding. it was gross. i really wanted to like this place, especially because i like thin crust pizza, but we are in the mood for thin crust anyway.  and we weren't impressed by the orderly pizza that they came up with.  not very pretty, no palette knife, and the like.  but that's kind of what they were going for.  i would highly recommend not ordering this if you are looking for a nice thin crust pizza.  if you do want a nice thin crust pizza, come here and get some pizza that "
3562,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 33 cents. for a large pizza? thats pretty dumb. lets face it, if you want a really good cold pizza, you want an sh*tload of it, and you want it fast. if you want it faster, get a package of frozen good quality (not palatable like that) and stick with ground meats. the pizza was not nearly as good if it were delivered fresh. i would stick with frozen. the toppings were decent. sub zero net carbs. tasted like something out of a food journal. all in all, not terrible, but not great either. if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for a crappy cold pizza to be "
3563,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. kinda like a sandwich, but much looser dough and thicker crust.  i would come back to try the items new and old.  while i may not be as picky as a gourd, i still enjoy the taste. my husband really wanted to try the amethyst slice, so he ordered it fresh.  the other items he ordered were not as fresh as he wanted, so he waited for the chefs to make it fresh. 20 minutes after ordering, a crew showed up and was gone.  they did not tell us that our pizza was firmed up yet, so we had to call that a wrap.  we paid our pizza and left- never to return. this was the most annoying call"
3564,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 - 15. i would rather go to dominos ! ""called for delivery and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  once i placed my order, told the delivery person they would be delivered in 1-2 hours, and left the store.  once i was on my way home again, this time i placed my order for the second time in a 1 hour time frame.  the person on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me, """"well i can't help it - it's my day off.""""  i tried to cut the cord and freeze it for later, but it cut out mid sentence.  so we're left with just """"well it's my day off, too."" "
3565,2,Negative," Small portion pizza of all shapes and sizes possibly request: large pepperoni, medium deep dish, thin crust, gold leaf pizza. no exceptions. now you have it all covered. i could go on and on about how over priced this was ($45+) and how terrible the service was, but i think the important thing to take away is this: if you're ever in the area, come to one of the many other pizza boxes, you'll thank me later."" ""a couple weeks ago, i received a call from gary in which i assume they were scheduling an emergency room visit for my father-in-law. i explained the problem and they cut off my call. needless to say, i don't recommend this for service. i was put "
3566,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 12. i would estimate a 60/40 split between the white pizza and the heirloom tomato. the pizza was good, not great like in the past, but not horrible either. the kid in the front is coughing up his crust. maybe it was the booze. i don't know. but whatever it was, it wasn't good. and they were handing out fliers with a picture of a dead pig and the subject line, ""doughy pizza with a high calorie count."" waste of time"" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. sausage is completely unseasoned pork topping.  gross is the only word "
3567,2,Negative," Small portion pizza to one with friends and i was looking for a fast and easy way to share my pizza with my parents and they were game to try it out. my husband tried a variety of pizza toppings and i think i may have added a pineapple pizza into the mix as well... i don't really remember the pizza, it may have been something out of this world. either way, it was not very good. i wish i had tried it earlier and saved $25. i think i may have saved $35.  i really wanted to like strada 241, especially since they are new. but i think the quality of the food and customer service at this location has declined tremendously.   just like our waiter promised us, we received "
3568,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with garlic crust Yum! so good! i feel bad for those people :( i don't know if the pizza is ever going to be as good as this again, especially since the wage isnt what it used to be... waste of time"" ""went for the 1st.time to cpk on the advice of a friend, there were 8 in our party. we were seated at a large conference table with 2 small tables and a bigger communal area. we were handed our menus and asked to wait a second as we were boiling our pizzas. we waited another 20 seconds as well, still not served. our party went by in about 30 mins. our waiter only got 2 pplas and they were both terrible "
3569,2,Negative," Small portion pizza in the form of a 50/50 split pepperoni/kalamata and mushroom/spaghetti. the prices are right, the food is good, but the service sucks. the guy who takes your order gets his sauce from a jar, not from a bowl, and then he puts it in the back of the truck to chill. the second time i ordered we had to call about our pizza and they had it delivered wrong. they told me their policy is to tell you the difference between what they think your ordering will look like and what it actually is. so, in essence, they were telling me that because they thought my pizza might be too big for the truck, they were going to have to make another. so, the second time "
3570,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 13'Sd  - medium on pizza, small on toppings  - no condiments  - small size (17-18"") pizza  - at $25, this was definitely not worth the price!_""""s  - food: $in, get it together, it's time to move on."" ""stay strong son, stay strong. i'm just trying to support this community. we're a casual dining place, we love deep dish pizza, but we also love take-out.  we run small batches, which means we can't really instill a culture of deep dish pizza creation.    the pizza here is remarkably consistent from state to state.  it's hard "
3571,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 12-16$ - small order containing 2 entrees, 2 main dishes and 2 light salads - 2 limes for 18$ - 2 limes for 20$ - 1 main dish with 8 cuts - 16 entrees for $19 - 16 wings for $22 - 16 ice cold beer for 18$ - 16 pints for $22 - 16 wings with cream - 16 ice cold beer for 18$ - 16 pizza for 18$ - 16 pizza with meat sauce - 16 wings with tomato sauce - 16 wings with eggplant parmesan - 16 wings with tomato sauce - 16 pizzas for 18$ - 16 pizzas for 18$ - 16 pizza "
3572,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00.    i ordered chicago style.    i was looking for a location close to mass.  i wanted to try this place because i think it's going to be a great addition to the long line of great restaurants in the vegas area.  but first i gotta say i wasn't super impressed with the service.  i waited over 10 minutes for two pizzas and when they finally arrived they were incredibly cold!  my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store.    secondly, i waited in my car for almost 45 min before they received my pizza.  "
3573,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. we ordered a 21% off special for our party of 6. i was charged a $1.39 for the same amount of pizza.  we got 2 quarts of tomato sauce, 1 with black olives and 1 with fresh squeezed juice. the pizza was obviously reheated and frozen someplace else.   i think the biggest issue is that this is a frozen restaurant. not like old fashioned pizza, not like grandma used to make.   the pizza was not up to par of what it's used to be, but it was good.   what stood out to us the most was the customer service. our waiter only showed up once we told him to expect a wait (which was surprising), and "
3574,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, I would say two and a half pieces.  the guy seemed tired and didn't seem overly enthusiastic. his order didn't come out until half time, which is usual for him.   i ordered alfredo and he brought out both the alfredo and the poblanos. i asked for alfredo and the guy gave me a pizza box with alfredo on it. i opened it and there it was, the same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol' same ol'  then i "
3575,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. ""the pizza was not that great tbh it tasted like cheap frozen diabetes with giant air pockets for undercooked meats and veggies. currently carry a $3 can of diet coke"" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for ordering through romanos. what?!? i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for ordering through romanos. what?!? i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for ordering through romanos. what?!? i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again what "
3576,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.  the pizza was not that great.  it's not that bad,  but... better pizza?    we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is reasonable."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.  "
3577,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 8 people. we had 1/2 size medium pepperoni and 1/2 size medium pineapple. the pizza was great, but i don't think i'll be ordering from this again any time soon. ""we had heard some good things about this place....so we were excited.  however, it's sub-par at best.  service was slow and inattentive, and the pizza was over-cooked.  the look on the chef's face as he made the pizza was priceless.  he must have known because he didn't move the meat out of the way until we were out of earshot.  great food."" ""we had heard some good things about this place....so we were excited. "
3578,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 7$! i've been waiting for this pizza for 2 weeks now! finally a pizza that really tastes like the meat you would expect to find in a ramshackle motel room in the dead of night.   the pizza was not that incredible.it came barely warm. one person in our party ordered a chicken wrap and as the rest of us finished our pizza the wrap still had not been served. she came back to us and asked, """"what did you put in the chicken wrap ?"""" i was offended by this. she did not even try to hide the fact that she put the wrap in the cold.  """"well i was hoping it would come out ok, maybe not just a drenching of condiments "
3579,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for $7.99 is ridiculous, considering the ingredients. if you want a 'real' pizza, you'd be better off going to bambinos, where every pizza is hand crafted to order, not just a 'pizza by the slice.'  i'm also disappointed in the quality of the food. the salmon pizza was sub-par. the grilled steak chipotle pizza was average at best. the bruschetta was dry and bland. the bruschetta was also surprisingly absent of flavor. maybe it's a training problem, where the cooks don't show up to prep a job until it's completely made. or maybe the food is just bad... but i don't see it.  i think the food "
3580,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. i expected a little extra salt but nothing to write home about. the pizza was soggy with mold and mildew. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was mostly dried out tomato paste with some bits of chipotle in it. should have had a label. sucks"" ""haven't been to this location in a few yrs.  they are growing their pizza menu so i will try new places and veer away from old favorites.  the service was slow and inattentive.  a little pricey for the quality, but you get what you pay for.  i would pass on this one."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still dough "
3581,2,Negative," Small portion pizza too,"" another customer wrote. ""always have and always will."" ""what went wrong is the service. i waited an hour and 20 minutes for two pizzas that were finally delivered this morning! no one came outside to check on us or offer more information. our pizza was cold and our wings were under cooked. they gave us a pizza box with no water. no one addressed us. i waited for an hour and 20 minutes looking at frozen pizza on the floor. i still haven't received my pizza. what a mess this place is. i hope the owners read this and take discipline on those employees.   it such a hassle to get in and out... no parking outside for carryout either!   we ordered online "
3582,2,Negative, Small portion pizza is 8.99 - medium 2 liter bottle of pepsi costs $2.49 (prices vary by state) - a 16 oz can of soda costs $4.39 (prices vary by state) - a 6 pack of cigarettes costs $6.99 (prices vary by state) - a 12 pack of cigarettes costs $14.79 (incl. shipping) - a 6 pack of pizza costs $4.39 (plus $1 tip) - a 16 pack of pizza costs $6.99 (plus $1 tip) - a 12 pack of pizza costs $9.99 (plus $1 tip) - a 6 pack of cigarettes costs $6.99 ( 
3583,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 18$ which is quite a steal for the weather in these parts.  my husband ordered the pizza in 2x1 pizzas. i got the 3x1 pizza. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to cut the crust so he started to cook the crust in a circular motion instead of straight up. i ended up with a very dry crust which was tasteless. i could have made better with more garlic and basil and saved $25.  i would have preferred a more substantial pizza, been more selective about whom I gave my money to."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when delivered, their mistake was to put the order in the wrong order. called to order, they showed up and apologized, and I asked "
3584,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, 3 quarts of sauce, and some not so good crust.  my son licked his lips and said """"that's not what dad ordered"""" again.  i shook my head and she continued to stare at my son who I later realized was also scratching his head.    after waiting for 5 minutes the male employee got up and asked """"hi how's your day going?""""   i responded with """"it would have been better if my order was here over 45 minutes ago, on time.""""  the employee got very snotty quick and handed me my food.   after waiting and not paying close attention (mistake on his part, but then again...) the pizza finally appeared and i was "
3585,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 31$. , no condiments , nobody cares to make it right . never again ."" ""once i got home to eat my pizza it was 0c crust, not even close. now, i'm not even kidding. at $60 i spent $120.00 on a pizza.com that was 0c crust. i'm not joking.  the sushi pizza was good, but i don't think i'll be going back. the wait for a table was ridiculous. we got seated, served ourselves and were handed our drinks. none of us had ever been to this location before, and they had our food already. it's very crowded, very loud and takes up a lot of table space.  there are many other "
3586,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.. okay not all that bad, but nothing to write home about. the woman cashier was fairly friendly, if a little on the small side, and the guy behind the register seemed a little rushed.   the pizza arrived piping hot, with no flavor to it aside from the plain cheese. the crust was stale, the cheese was missing, and the knife was kept covered in grease. the wad of quarters was also foreign to find, like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.."" ""first of all i arrived to discover that the pizza was burnt.   second time i tried to order a pizza it took over 5 minutes to get an empty pizza.   the third time i tried to order the "
3587,2,Negative," Small portion pizza? seriously? more like 2/3 of the pizza was not hot at all but the crust was so bland...so uninteresting... 2nd pizza i tried got burned anyway so that was that... no offering of other types or pizza to compensate. third time tonight? dough is soggy / gummy with fat flaking off center and everywhere else. i'm diabetic and find it frustrating that this is how it is. some of the comments on here rant about how blah blah blah this is how it is, when in fact it is wonderfully simple. buy a box of frozen pizza in the frozen section of your local grocery store and use it as a base. the other day i bought a box of frozen pizza in the mail and it broke "
3588,2,Negative," Small portion pizza - i would say one or two slices. i think its more like a quarter slice maybe i'm wrong.   don't get me wrong, its not horrible, just not inviting. and again, i was in the mood for pizza, not to mention it was late.    so, the second time i tried to order a pizza it took over 5 minutes for the delivery man to show up with the wrong product.   i think its safe to say this is not the Manhattan of pizza.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat with chopsticks and are nice enough to let you know when your pizza is done cooking.   there are several other places in the ve "
3589,2,Negative," Small portion pizza?  i ordered one cheese and one meat and i was looking for one meat only to find out it was half chicken, half beef.  oh and guess what , the pizza wasn't hot at all. it must have been pre-made. the meat was dry and bland. the sauce was good but i don't understand why people think it's that good. the prices are ridiculous, decent at best. if you think it's that good, leave."" ""worst delivery service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered pizza it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get my pizza.  this time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don "
3590,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for under 5$ and only 2 people so we had to split it. the pizza was soggy and our wings were dryer than expected. whatever, it's monday night and no one around to blame but ourselves. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. the "
3591,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and i was on a limited pizza diet so we were looking for a way to cope without it. we've been searching for a pizza that will keep pace with the new wave of dining, and once we find it we will update the page.  we were looking for a way to cope without it. we've been searching for a way to cope without it. we've been searching for a way to cope without it. we've been searching for a way to cope without it. we've been searching for a way to cope without it. we've been searching for a way to cope without it. we've been searching for a way to cope without it. we've been searching for a way to cope without it. we've been searching "
3592,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 26$, not good enough, change should have been added to the tab. atleast give us a dollar for the tip (mark my words, i'll be back). if you want to be a bad dude, be a good dude and not tip like that."" ""tip okay, nothing to see here.   we came in around 5:30pm, dropped our kids off, and had been sitting there for over 45 min before the kid in question came in and was trying to book a drink.  he had on a dress with no shoes, and was trying to book a drink that said shake, not sip.  so he had to wait for the kids to walk out the door, and again the kid in "
3593,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. i would never order it again. it's gross. ""we really need to work on our delivery times, as delivery times are random and not always optimal.  i recently moved to phoenix, and i wanted to try our fried plantain pizza, so i ordered through the phone for the first time. the order came in the mail, but was marked as delivered 2 hours and 30 minutes. the pizza was cold and my kid was screaming for it to be put in the oven. so i went to pick it up.  the guy seemed very uncertain on how to cut the crust, so he started with a thin crust. i sliced it up into small squares and handed them to me, and i checked them. granted, they "
3594,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with lots of olives and pineapple chunks. 5 for 34 in the pantheon. no tucking options. nothing fancy. just plain ol' ol' pizza. if you're looking for a fancy new pizza place, this is your place. if you're looking for a traditional, reserved, and comfortable place to eat pizza, don't go here. don't waste your money and time here."" one star because i can't tell you if the pizza is any good because every time i call they put me on hold.  first time 10min so figured they forgot i was on hold. so hung up &  called back when they asked if they could put me on hold i said no &  they put me on hold anyway.  "
3595,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).     we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there "
3596,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 21$, including tip! really bad service, no one that i spoke to after the fact came to my room to apologize or offer more information. i also had high hopes for this place and will be going back next time."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. "
3597,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 30 people is  excessive,  and  a step too far in that direction."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked "
3598,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).    we were not impressed.  a four-layer pizza should have been around $20-30 (dine in only). we were not impressed.  their pizza was undercooked, crust was sub-par, and the string cheese didn't come through.  the couple bites that we'd received at other restaurants have been decent.  decent meat and cheese.    if i was a business owner i'd be firing a crew like this as i'd lose out on business.    not impressed with this place at all!  i'm considering not coming here for a few months"" decided to try this place after hearing so "
3599,2,Negative," Small portion pizza) and check with the kitchen (have you even been to the kitchen?) on dinner plates and in the sink. they don't seem to bother to wipe down their menus or anything. if you want pizza, you have to go to the kitchen. not just a creepy basement. ""don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too. please go to any other location do not waste your time or money here "
3600,2,Negative, Small portion pizza for around $10 pizza was good but not nearly as good as mother nature intended it to be.  absolutely horrible customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for my $20 order .   the food was good but i don't understand why the couple hundred bucks it took to get my pizza is considered quality pizza by this place.   i did get a nice slice of pizza but not the big firecracker crust that is typical of nello's.    nello's pizza should have read as pork belly pizza  and it would have been on point.  it was flavorful and unique.  it wasn't clogged with grease or anything.    
3601,2,Negative, Small portion pizza for 14$???? the manger guy had no idea what he was smoking  whoever screwed up his bow and wore a scary face while explaining the situation to the cook then the cook just handed the bag of money to the manager who then put the bad service out on the table so we just kept quiet and ordered pizza we liked.  the pizza was good but a little on the small side and missing the pablo picasso that is ubiquitous in phoenix. i would come back to try the old fashioned and like the touch of wood chips on the crust.  if you are wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza 
3602,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and very little condiments. my husband ordered the battered alfredo and was shocked when he received a medium cheese pizza that was almost entirely tomato sauce. the crust was dry and bland, the toppings were limited and not nearly enough to cover the bland crust. the alfredo sauce was also watery and bland. the price at the restaurant was reasonable for the amount of food and the quality was good.  i would come back to try the alfredo and other items, but this was the closest i've been to a taqueria that i would consider my true home. for the money at $10 plus tip for a 6 pack of soda and 30 cents, i would expect a lot out of this place.   "
3603,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 18$????!!!"" ""did the google maps and saw wicker man with his crazy straw hat. realized it was a bad idea to try and build a nest in the yard with cardboard because it's drenched in it. so we had to try and sneak in through the back. worked! got in! bon appétit! munchie waiting!   i watched 5 people leave. two kids, 2 women, 1 kid under 18. one guy had on a grey coat, the other a navy blue one. the one with the crazy straw hat had golden trim on the sleeves and on the inside of the elbow. on the outside of the elbow it had a flaky crust, like cardboard. on the inside it "
3604,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 12 and a half$ or 16.49 for a large pizza and 16 wings it's mind boggling the price is right around $13, what infuriates me the most is the customer base is made up. i know good pizza in decent supply in other parts of the country and have been to other states. but this is insane. the pizza here is hackneyed, low end cheese pizza, and very few toppings. the wings are hard, dry, and tasteless. the soda is cold and the glass is cracked. this place just doesn't make it. ""we had a menu shoved under our door about a year ago and we have been questing to find a good, local pizza.  we "
3605,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).     we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there "
3606,2,Negative," Small portion pizza per person, no tables for 6, no private areas, lots of unsold plates, and no cashier. food was OK, but not nearly as good as dim sum or late night take-out. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places, like pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   i ordered delivery of 2 medium frozen pizzas and 20 wings online. the delivery came and it turned out to be a small pizza and 20 wings.   i questioned the food-doctor order, saying """"it must  have been super busy, super salty, and super cold. "
3607,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).   while the pizza was good it was sub par.  not chicago style pizza.   the sauce that came with it was amazing.  i was hoping this place would change my life.  it certainly did.  but it took a lot of hard work and determination from all of us.  it's a shame.  there are many other places in the loop.  we decided to try the little known little caesars pizza, the famous white pizza, and the newly minted sea bass pizza.  while the pizza was great it was hit or miss depending on who was at the table.  the white pizza was always moist and tasty, the artichoke "
3608,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 4 not enough for two.   wrongly labeled """"sixteen dollar pizza"""" for twenty six. two sashes. no condiments. l wrongly written on the box: """"two cheese slices and a half"""" really? yes. two cheese slices and a half. yes. one half cheese and half mushroom. duh duh duh duh duh. two cheese and half. yes. yes. one cheese and half. yes. one half cheese and half. yes. one half cheese and half. duh duh duh duh duh. one cheese and half. yes. yes. one cheese and half. yes. one half cheese and half. yes. one half cheese and half. yes "
3609,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, i would expect double dipping. double dip for $16 plus tip. double dip for $36.40. double dip for $2.60 plus tip. double dip for $6.20 plus tip. double dip for $12 plus tip. double dip for $18.80 plus tip. double dip for $24.60 plus tip. double dip for $36.60 plus tip. double dip for $6.80 plus tip. double dip for $12 plus tip. double dip for $18.80 plus tip. double dip for $24.60 plus tip. double dip for $36.80 plus tip. double dip for $6.80 plus tip. double dip for $12.80 plus tip. double "
3610,2,Negative," Small portion pizza laying on a red cloth napkin.  an appetizing yet deadly serious dish.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and threatened to suspend my account if i did not refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked up a notch.   the prices are a little high, but the taste is so-so-similar to mom & pop's.   the wait is worth the trip, as is the food.   the "
3611,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (less than a half stick) and then some. i got it all cooked and frozen and weighed out. guess i'll have to find a new place. this skewer pizza tastes like frozen Chinese take-out. ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a large pizza with a bell pepper and was expecting a delicious combination. what i got - large pizza, very dry, very bland, and barely edible. guess i'll try another pizza place or two"" ""texas police strict no pizza policy for our dinner. we tried to order a personal pep bestowal and were told that we could not have it until 2:30AM. almost an hour and 20 minutes away. our party of 6 had to "
3612,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 12. i ordered two with no sauce: one with ranch, the other with tomato paste. the manger guy basically told me: """"well, the ma... the menu says two two-liter bottles, right?"" i said """"yeah, but the two i got don't even look like two liters."""" he looked like an asshole.  the second time i ordered, they told me i could get a sauce, but not both: one with ranch, the other with tomato paste. so i got a one-two-short the second time, and it had no sauce. must have had tried to fucking up the order, because it didn't come out until the 6:30ish and they were closing the kitchen at "
3613,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, one with sausage, one with pepperoni, and none with extra sausage. i know good little pizza that's 50/50 pizza and sausage, but i've had way better pizzas. the customer service was good nothing bad to say .. but the pizza tasted like frozen dental floss. ""we had a pizza delivered cold and sat for over 45 minutes before it even hit the grinder. guess i'll try harder next time."" ""i've been here twice. both times were a great disappointment. the first time i ordered pizza it was burnt so badly it was brown. i should have kept waiting. the second time i ordered the meatballs and pasta. the sauce is so bland it makes store bought taste great ! i think "
3614,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).   there are many other places in the area that serve pizza better than this, including la veranda around the corner, next door to the store, and countless miles away.    there are many ways to split a pizza, with or without ham slices, and we always enjoy the lighter side of pizza (i.e., the pizzas come out lighter on top).  the key to good pizza is balance:  not too sweet, not too salty, not over-sweetened.  while there is no such thing as bad pizza, there is pizza that is just """"so-so"""" such that i don't really have any desire to go back and order it "
3615,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 9$????  are you kidding me?"" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). we finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but was super awkward. we ordered a few drinks and hit the menu. i ordered the pad thai with linguine and my dad wanted the "
3616,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. some would say it is over-cooked, but i would argue it is moist and chewy. i don't understand why people think this is pizza gold. it's not even that close. it's more like coleslaw of the future.  we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places, because i think i may have ordered through here once... someone must have thought i was stupid for ordering through there, because i never received any pizza that day.    "
3617,2,Negative," Small portion pizza etc. soft pretzels on pizzas like this are amazing. i wish more people would try them, it's a shame too."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.  I ordered a large pizza, 16 wings and 16 mozzarella sticks- all in-suite with toppings.  my total was $20.18... only $4.78 tip for the pizza.  a very low tip for the amount of food and toppings in the meal.    we went for dinner, and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the wings were missing. it's a shame too, because the "
3618,2,Negative," Small portion pizza ? i said raise your hand if you know how i can $100 later on that same night. when i got my pizza it was totally not what i expected the sauces had all bleed into each other and i could not tell the difference from what was pesto what was spicy and where the alfredo started and ended. also today i watched a customer with no face wear a fake mustache and i got an ""oh sorry"" when i pulled the mask off. this is the sort of thing where people will just make stuff up. the pizza was not up to par of what it should be so i don't think it's going to be a staple"" great childhood memories but absolutely horrible pizza & customer service tuesday night! if i could "
3619,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11$ itar - half astoria, half perugia, with alfredo sauce. peruvian pizza with chicken, broccoli and onion. peruvian pizza with a side of fajita chorizo. peruvian pizza with a side of adobo. my wife made it. it was good, but not nearly as good as perugia pizza, and definitely not nearly as good as this. if you're wondering if this is the peruvian pizza you're looking for, then you need to go to ultimatum 5) or 6) for your pizza. if you're wondering if this is the peruvian pizza you want, then you need to go to ultimatum 6). otherwise, congrats on the "
3620,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 which is a great value considering the weather.  the pizza was not up to par of what it's suppose to be.  it's a shame too, because it's one of the few places in the vegas area that serves philly cheese & garlic crust.    we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy & the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places, like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.  "
3621,2,Negative," Small portion pizza plus tip for the same amount of food 18. liuan pizza - good quality pizza, long thin crust, but what got me was their selection of toppings. i had to look up my special. my special? A plain ole cheese pizza with no add-ons.  a pizza 81 with no extras?  how is this normal?  a pizza $35 + tip for?  ridiculous.   the crazy part?  this all happened within the last two months.  i'm being generous with the 1 star rating.  i might give it two stars because it's been a fun ride so far, but the quality so far is just poor."" ""the basic idea is that if you're stranded in "
3622,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (less than 1/4 of a pizza) was left over. they weren't super busy, but the food was cold and the service lacking. if you're going in the vegas area, you need to get out more. this was the worst one i've been to in a long time!  just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine, but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries "
3623,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, not even half full. she just assumes she can make extra money off of my dead body. if i was a business owner i would be firing a crew like this as i guarantee they are making extra money off of my dead body. wouldn't recommend if you're hungry."" ""dead last pizza i've ever had, they undercooked the crust, the cheese and the sauce! i've had worse!  the pizza tonight tasted like a washed up pretzel, which i find odd.   i'm also pretty sure one of the cooks is a convicted felon, or something.   judge me all you like, but i'll head back to pizza next time."" ""if i had to rate this place "
3624,2,Negative," Small portion pizza plus 2 wings on one two two liter of soda -- what did i get myself into?  well, first of all i was not impressed with the order, the toppings were generic, the pizza smelled like re-heated mud and worst of all, it was undercooked!  second of all, i have had way better pizzas!  i have always ordered from papa john's and they always delivered hot and ready.  the pizza was not that great this time.  it seemed almost raw.  i would classify it as a '2 star' pizza.  i would compare it to a milkshake.  the milkshake was good, a little milkshake-y.  but the crust "
3625,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. why ask me if you're going to make me wait? i didnt forget to order, she did. now, how is a $5 tip not tip-able? if a tip isn't due for $5, its lost, usually never received. if a tip is due, give me a cent for the tip, not $5.00 in food."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and "
3626,2,Negative," Small portion pizza to be had. really lousy experience overall."" ""we """"used"""" to order the family special every week or two on a regular basis. food was decent & value for the $ (at that time) was fairly good too. one night we ordered, told we could get it any time of any day of the week. we got a cold pizza that was undercooked. we had ordered a pizza with bell peppers and were about to get pepperoni when we heard the sirens. we looked at the menu, thought for a second, and said screw it, we're ordering a pizza. so we got a cheese pizza, jicama, and chicken. the menu said """"american pizza"""" but really it said """"italian pizza "
3627,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, not even half full! cashier attempts to skim coins from wallet, which she managed to slip under the belt of another person, who tried to cough it up... didn't work... so she just kept it and gave it to us.   we were entertained for a while by the mishaps, but given the amount of dough they make, I don't think i'll be ordering from them again."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there- the food and service here were awful.   we sat "
3628,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 35 a piece for 35$. surely that is too much for one go around? i also spent 18$ on two pastas a few months ago and both were passable. one the one i had the 'gorgeous pork belly pizza' the other the focaccia with 'garlic crust' was definitely not good. pork belly pizza should be a solid B+ by my definition, while the focaccia should have been a C+. it wasn't."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be "
3629,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, 20 for 21. individually wrapped pizza. overcharged , overfilled , and plain stupid . what a mess this place is .  i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it took over 5 minutes for the first employee to recognize me. i ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine. she brought me my pizza and it was super cold. i took a pizza with very little sauce, very little cheese, and very little sauce at all. i asked for the sauce because i have a bug that can't handle cream of mushroom soup. the guy put the pad thai for """"1 side of broccoli with 1 topping"""" and i got """"2 coleslaws, 1 tomato, 1 jicama, "
3630,2,Negative," Small portion pizza on an 11.5-inch pizza? Sounds crazy to me.  my husband points this out to me and i agree with him. i don't know if the pizza is really 11.5-inch, 12-inch, or 14-inch. but what i do know is that it's insanely hard to cut it in half. and if it's not 11.5-inch, it wouldn't be so damn hard to cut it in half.  the second time i ordered we had to call about half an hour after we ordered to get the pizza. they picked up anyway, so it didn't really matter that much.  the third time i ordered the chick'n'gus was so greasy it "
3631,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).   the pizza was undercooked, bare, and bland.  it's almost ______ black.  oh, and for $10, what can i say, not bad for $10.   i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no reason a medium pizza that's 58% water is going to taste any better than a large pizza that's been sitting for over 45 mins.  a 22 inch pizza is not what i was looking for.  a 27 inch pizza is more than ample for two people.  a 31 inch pizza is plenty for one person.  a 38 inch pizza is plenty for two.  "
3632,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, she doesn't deserve it if she thinks it's gonna be pretty for her.  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for the two people, that's $ "
3633,2,Negative," Small portion pizza to share, no refilled so no choice!                                                                                                                                             "
3634,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and drinks for under $10, really?!?!  we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  next time i'll try the quinoa salad and save $5!  best of both worlds."" ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places, like pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   i ordered delivery for my brother-in-law, who is strict about his pizza consumption, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery "
3635,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. not food to feed a crowd. crowded, table for 2 in the back. no area for sit-down dining.   we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of "
3636,2,Negative," Small portion pizza XXXX small portions lunch special is $7.50 - $7.75, so that's about $3.50 for a 12-slize pizza, $4.50 for a 16-slice, $6 for a 32-inch pizza, or $12.50 for a 24-inch pizza.  i'm also pretty sure half the prices on the menu are lip service. basic cheese pizza, no toppings, nothing. basic toppings, no price, no choice. basic pizza, no toppings, no price. basic toppings, no price, no choice. basic pizza, no toppings, no price, no choice. basic pizza, no toppings, no price, no choice. basic pizza, "
3637,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14$ they make you wait  (was 17 cents) i waited over 10 minutes watching him stack up multiple pizza boxes with pizzas,   place cash register near the door,   top guy just raises his hand and everyone in the store knows it.   the guy who took my order just put it on hold and said he had to call the manager.  manager later arrived and i was told that the order didn't come in yet.  milkshake was okay.  not the best day for  pizza in phoenix, not the best value for the dollar either.  if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the day! "
3638,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with a side of burnt alfredo ($7) was left at the door. grilled chicken breast with bacon ($6) and wild mushroom salad ($6) was also left at the door. while the prices are quite reasonable for the meat and seafood, they are quite a bit higher than in seattle or any other mid size city.  i know the place is new and i will try again. but...what got me was their customer service. while i was waitressing, a server told me, """"hi, how's your day going?"""" i responded with a busy day, and she got all red. she said """"it could be worse"""". i waited for 5 minutes before she got around to give me my pizza. "
3639,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 94% cheese and only 4% sauce & toppings. — matthew patrick (@matthew_patrick) November 28, 2015 matt does not care enough to put effort and money into something he can't really use.  he also doesn't care enough to put effort and money into something he can't really use.   the pizza is ok nothing to brag about and we didn't find it to be that special.  it would have been perfect if the order came out hot and ready, but it was cold and forgot the order.  i would have preferred getting the cold pizza instead of the bland italian that i was ordered.  the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso "
3640,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 16$ seems a little pricey for the taste, especially when you consider the cost of the food and taxes."" ""heading to florencia for the second time this evening, i thought i would try the florencia tangelo pizza.   just got back! this is the third time in a row that we have ordered from this location. the first time was a few weeks ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. the second time i ordered the same thing and it was still good but not nearly as good as the first. i honestly could not tell you what it was exactly because the label on the box was blank. now, i know it is just "
3641,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11.34 US$ (dine in only).  this is a hoax.  the pizza was very good, our server was very good, the price was decent, but we were barely scraping by on a $5-$6 pie.  we were hungry.  not sure why the two of you decided on this, and frankly it doesnt really compute.  one cheese pizza for 11.34, 2 with wings, 1 with bell peppers, 1 with extra wing, and 1 with extra bell pepper.  what a mess this place is.  its like a car with only 31,000 miles on it.  the price at the time was reasonable, $5 - 12 for an 11-inch pizza?  well, if "
3642,2,Negative," Small portion pizza to share! i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i ordered a cheese plate, salad, and a strawberry ranch. their flatbread pizza came out covered in jam, which i found amusing. the salad was good & small plate space is fine, but the compartments were tiny & undercooked, and the whole thing was overpriced. i'd more likely go to peter piper or jr. ""i used to like the pizza from here, but the prices are a little high, the food is good, but the service sucks...the employees are good, but the pizza is overpriced, and they push it up the wall with their rising prices.   "
3643,2,Negative," Small portion pizza that was 1 cheese and 1 meat. the pizza had no flavor, zero spice, nothing. they have really gone overboard with adding toppings and it is losing its spice. i used to love the milkshake that came with my Papa John's, but i've longed for the days of ordering Papa John's Pizza with Rice Krispies on it… well, maybe not anymore.   my wife and i decided to order carry out, which meant that we had to walk in to the Papa Johns we ordered at. this was a great opportunity to try new pizza and it didn't disappoint."" ""pizzas are salty. all the time every time. i don't know why the heck is this a local favorite? "
3644,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and italian on the side.  is an eyesore."" absolutely avoid this place it's failures will haunt you go to mod or pieology. ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on.  the menu is misspelled """"pizza"""" multiple times and the prices are exorbitant.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was half jicama with half ice.  the price was right $3.99 for the short ribs.  the flavor is so-so-similar to bland pizza.  the glaze was thin and bland.  the cheese in the drink was low quality.  the price is right for the amount of food and the service is excellent.  the guessing game is "
3645,2,Negative," Small portion pizza was left out due to no cheese available.    the options were endless while the service was slow and inattentive as well.    i would come back to try the pastas and the pizzas. there is no need to justify the cold crust.    don't waste your money and time here."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at "
3646,2,Negative," Small portion pizza fixed at $1.17, raised to $1.64 by raising the price, which was $1.60 earlier today.   the prices were raised primarily because of cost, regulation (sandwiches now come to $2.99), and customers (primarily in the SF Bay Area) wanting cheaper, healthier, and more convenient.  the pizza is passable, but not great like in the past  i would come back to try the pastas and the florentines, but otherwise, thumbs up to the bullies for raising the prices on the pizza and the food."" ""passionate food critic and regular pizza eater.  i find that this is a fine place to come for a fine "
3647,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 26 cents! no refilled, no what? no how is everything. i would give it some time, but i'm more concerned with my pizza getting cold than i am with my life.  i don't know how this is legal/regulated/operated/funded/whatever, but i think it's horribly under-regulated. and yet everyone loves being broke....so it must be really hard to provide for a bunch of people who are broke that sucks."" ""if you're looking for a break from the chaos of busy #mn, stop telling people you deliver if you really don't (i could care less what people think), and start treating customers like people. like not only a customer, but a REAL customer!  "
3648,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, we ordered a medium cheese and a large pineapple with a side of cheesy bread sticks and all. they did not deliver the pizza, it was thrown out with the kids.   we tried to call back and of course no answer.    we did not get a pizza, we just received some awful wuaaa bread!  the bread sticks were good, not horrible but nothing to write home about.   we tried to eat this in hotel room service.  of course it did not come.  instead we were given a buffet style service.  the pizza was 2 sizes small and it was very large.  we were given a choice between a regular and a large pizza.  the large pizza was about "
3649,2,Negative, Small portion pizza for 21$. yes that is a typo 22 cents . if that is what christmas came out with i would give it 0 stars . if not  don't waste your money eating here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too. whereas i would venture to guess that the pizza you will get here is not even that good.   don't waste your money eating here. i would much rather give my $5.00 to 
3650,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 16'$ (dine in only). city centre is nice & clean. with children under 12' Free with children >= 12"" - 21""  free pizza with children >= 21"" - 35""  pizza childcare is hit or miss depending on what time of day it is. we had the late night delivery of a pizza the other day and it was really late. we got a call the next day saying that our pizza was missing with the father. so it was never delivered.   this is why i prefer carry out: one large pizza, or maybe two large pizzas if you prefer smaller pizzas.   the other day i ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce "
3651,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 60$ plus tip! the customer service was good nothing bad to say .. but the pizza tasted like left over garbage dump pizza so i'm with her on that one."" ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza shop you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. the pizza was okay, the service was terrible.. nobody came "
3652,2,Negative," Small portion pizza no condiments and above all else no joke he came home with plain cheese.  the tortellini had apples all over it and i think it was mangos.  the pizzas were bland with missing the pectoral mushroom.  the bruschetta was passable.  the brusco is just ok ... nothing to write home about.  the pizzas are always bland and they always taste bad.  this is most likely a fluke.  it could be a design flaw.  pizza could be made better.   and if it were a design flaw, why would anyone order it here?  why go to a restaurant that takes stupid food orders that turn out terrible, orders take over 2 hours "
3653,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 9$ and up. do you think it was worth 10$ for 9$? if not, then i would suggest drive to a different one and eat better pizza."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati "
3654,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 2 adults, 1 kid and 1 adult.   this is the real deal, not some knock down soda deal, or some deal with me that they broke even.   the price is right, the quality is good but this is not a deal for me.  i would pass on this one."" ""we went here for lunch and i was expecting a nice stream of fresh, colorful pizza that would put a smile on your face. what i ended up eating was highly questionable.   i'm not going to lie, this was the worst pizza i've ever had. the cheese was chalky, the sauce was bland and easy on the money, and the crust was dried out and underdone. too "
3655,2,Negative, Small portion pizza for under $10 (dine in only).   not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to give me a discount because i'm a woman and a woman only.  well i'm stuck with this mani because they don't offer shortening the service on pizzas to accommodate women.  if i wanted shorter service i could have just left.  pretty standard.    i know this is a women-owned business and i appreciate their products.  but when a pizza is only $10 - 15 i don't get it.  why should i have to pay more for a pizza that was only $10 - 15 - a meal i already know the taste of?  if a sexist system is what g 
3656,2,Negative," Small portion pizza — over 80 cents — so i decided to split it with a friend. i ordered the charred ... bitumen  pizza, the """"short ribs"""" - a very large beef rib, and the artichoke hearts - a side of grilled pineapple. the meat was massive, it was pasty brown, and the crust was chewy. the fish was skinny, flat, and bland. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like old lady's fingernails. the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay. beach pizza was same as cheese pizza with only meager toppings ... shaved ice was hard, dry, and bland. "
3657,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11$ plus tip. i'd expect a bit more from there.  not impressed with this place at all!"" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for it. furthermore, this resulted in very little crab meat on the pizza. lastly: $22.50 for a cold pizza and cold soup. i would equate the crab meat to a piece of dry dog food. "
3658,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for a low end restaurant.   their pizza happens to be some of my fave.  so we order pizza, salad, and a sandwich.   the menu says """"sandwiches"""" but we've ordered chicken w a few times and had chicken strips.   sandwiches come in a large container with plenty of lettuce, not so with this.  we've ordered chicken dressed in barbecue sauce, chicken in a jicama, and chicken with bell peppers.  all were amazing.  the prices are a little high, but the quality is sub par.    it also has a foul odor to it...the pizza is not that remarkable, but the sandwiches and salads are."" ""grocery store doesn "
3659,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, 4 with pepperoni and 2 with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust. they don't offer small side salads for $5.50 or appetizers for $3.50, nothing. i was surprised by the portion, considering the price. it's more like $25.00 for a cold pizza and cold soup. i would expect a much better customer experience at little joe's pizza, if i lived in this area."" ""i used to love the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook longer, and i got spaghetti and meatballs. today it's ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid is in daycare, so he doesn't "
3660,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 including tip. Isn't that unfair? Isn't it wrong to be able to afford a good pizza, just because a certain group of people can afford it doesn't mean it's good pizza?  if you insist on eating this you are better off going to a different restaurant which you probably know and like."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross.  my husband, myself and my daughter could not eat it.  we even thew out our leftovers the moment we got home "
3661,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 18$????  keep telling yourselves that you're the discount cubicle 7 and i7x3700, not discount cubicle 8. maybe i'm missing something here... i dunno."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of "
3662,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 plus tip. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's than the ppl that are tipping liars to the core."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and "
3663,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (1/4 florencia) burnt on the bottom and undercooked. tasted like re heated tombstone or other gross pizza.  some of the specials (like the wild mushroom pizza) were good, but i don't usually get that plus they ask for a $2 tip on all pizzas -- i'd expect a lot more if the specials were updated."" ""cashier takes my order for a medium pizza while i wait in line to buy cigarettes.  woman ahead is told her medium pizza is 23 cents, 32 cents after tax. she then says """"oh yea i forgot, can i get that with the crust 62 cents?"""" nope. she got 63 cents. she got 32 cents. she got "
3664,2,Negative," Small portion pizza""  """"well that's what christmas cards are for, right? i don't get it""""  i guess it's either you believe in christmas enough to order a pizza every year or you don't, and you don't want to know the whole story because you're eating it."" ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and "
3665,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with peppers explaining all the different options is not very appealing. another plus is that it takes an hour and a half to get a pizza, when in reality it could be delivered in an hour. thirdly, this is a cash only place, and with classes and fees that go up, that cash only place isn't very friendly.   we stayed at the beautiful but heavily traveled  torrey  beachfront suite.  the sandcastle-like  room felt like a science lab and required a lot of clean up.    however, this suite was clean and well decorated.  it had a private bathroom with a Jacuzzi and well-equipped  sitting area.    the selection of pizza was "
3666,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for over $20.00 including tip. how is that any different than carrying a frozen pizza in your car? is it any different than having a cold pizza in your hand and having it delivered? is it any different than having your meal stashed in the freezer? yes - it is more convenient, but it is still incredibly cold. if you want to overspend on something you can save $25 - get a box of frozen pizza in about 10 minutes. save money and eat better."" ""a little pricey, but the pizzas are good. i've tried them both with and without the pesto. the stuffed deep dish pizza with the light chicken was really good. the stuffed deep dish pizza with the deep dish tomato sauce was "
3667,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, had to share. dog friendly and small children free. ""this is a great pizza! i have ordered it a few times expecting to have a bad experience, but i think i expected too much. the sauces are very good, i prefer the flatbread with pepperoni, and the quinoa salad is good. for the price, the pizza is pretty good. would come back to try the other two pizza's, and maybe get a cookie or two. i think i'll pass."" ""something has changed for the worse here.  we are long time regulars and i have to agree with erica v that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy and the sauce was runny / water "
3668,2,Negative," Small portion pizza). a little on the small side , hardly anything more than an emulsion. with the toppings plastered all over it, i would equate it to a can of chef boyardee. the pizza i ordered was never going to be half of it, wasn't going to be tht panned out the cracker shell shape and all. so whats going on here?? people are getting fed up with mediocrity, they want something different. new york has italian, bruschetta, pesto, and now florentine. whereas in pa/nj/ny is a complete different story. a little over an hour and a half for a cold pizza and i was done. if that isn't a "
3669,2,Negative, Small portion pizza. when delivery finally showed up it took over 5 minutes to get my pizza. when i checked my account i noticed that their pizza was missing for 8 pizzles. i called them back and asked for the 2 pizzles they said my address was wrong.  i didn't want to be rude and be like yo! where my pizza is going!!! so i just kept quiet and waited. i got home to find that their pizza was completely cremated. the leaves were still pink and the crust was still pink. it must have been reheated. i called them back and asked for the 2 pizzles they said my address was wrong.  they still said my address was right.  the pizza was not up to par of what 
3670,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. no dipping. i had 1/2 extra large pizza and 1 large pizza bowl. the pizza wasn't cooked. the toppings were good. mixed cheeses well. won't be ordering from them again."" ""light ice cold pizza. ordered mozarella sticks and i got a 6 pack. you know they bake it fresh so i wanted to try it cold. still didn't have money to spare, i ordered a chicken wrap. it took 42 minutes to get my pizza. 33 minutes later i received my pizza. guess i'll try the ice cold again.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking "
3671,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 30 people, i would expect a much better experience from there then this.  if you want extremely small order then this is your place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food.  if you want extremely large order then this is your place then you should stay with domino's then you will likely be let down after this meal.  don't be a sucker you might get let down after this."" ""i followed the normal order and got my pizza. what i didn't expect was that the night before, the same guy who delivered my pizza a few hours earlier has now been tapped out and won't be back in touch, so that leaves me with two more hours to go. if you're wondering why dom "
3672,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14$?????!? this is the end for me. no more chicago style pizza. this is the end for me.   i want to like this place more. it has a lot of potential, but i think it's going to be in the once in a blue moon category."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have "
3673,2,Negative," Small portion pizza to share -2x 1 topping pizzas + 1 cheese pizza + 1 spread -1/2 medium pepperoni -half a green salad -1 pepsi and 1 frozen pizza -1 lox -1 ice for 17 cents -1 lox for 18 cents -20 oz. can of soda -16 wings -4 pizzas-6 pizza relishes-hand drawn on the menu -""we moved to the area recently and i ordered a pizza per person. i normally order pizza by the slice, but i spend 18-24 months a year trying to find a place that serves pizza slices large enough to feed 2 people. i'm 5'11"" and 153 lbs. i "
3674,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.  a 18' pizza is now $20 or more.  a pizza a 12' pizza is $10.53  a 24' pizza is $6.49  the prices went up over $10 for a 12' pizza and up to $20 for a 36"" pizza.  i was a little hesitant ordering because i was always concerned about where my food is coming from, but i was under the impression that every other pizza place buys their own crust.  well, i was wrong about that.  the pizza was really good, but the crust seems to be made in a factory somewhere and then frozen once ordered.  some of the other things they use are probably virgin ingredients, virgin cheese, and very little basil. "
3675,2,Negative," Small portion pizza - we ordered a 16 oz. pizza, 16 wings, 2 caseys and a 2 l of coke. the order stated that it would be delivered in 2 hours. guess we will try to get a hold of our own driver.  we try to eat right out of the package stating on the tin. i did not encounter this problem while traveling with my father-in-law.  however, i have encountered it while traveling with friends and family for years.  we try to eat as little as possible, which can mean as little as a can of chick'n'a with no meat, or as little as a pizza with no sauce.  this presents a significant challenge for the little person, and while i appreciate the "
3676,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 'til you get to the keg.   the keg is upstairs, which is not super private but still secluded.  the reason we go to this place is so we can chill and get good pizza.  getting a cold pizza isnt so bad.. just remember.. the more you wait, the scarier the pizza gets.  we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  for $10, you're getting dinner, a salad, and a few tortilla pizzas.  i would highly recommend not ordering the dinner and salad. it's not worth the risk and "
3677,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and so won't judge) and i got my own pan pizza.  it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my pizza, and it was just so bland.    my husband orders, brings home a greasy old pizza, and then we both have to go get it off we roughly the same amount of time.   that's not just a typo.  two orders, one with as little oil as possible, the other with as much oil as possible.    the way it was made, it gave off a foul tasting sauce.  i didn't even get a chance to try the last because they were firing on all cylinders, but the staff was extremely nice and humble.  "
3678,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, 16 wings, and a soda with your pizza. for $6 each? thats ridiculous. especially since theyre really good pizza. do you think it would be accepted at a coffee shop? of all places."" if you think this is good coffee, you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. the bronze dragon was really good. i would eat it again. the breakfast pizza was ok. i liked the walnut crust. i liked the crispy bacon under the mix in the morning. i didn't care much for the sausage, as it was mostly white meat. the sausage was undercooked and dry. i guess it was the smoky chipotle that they use. i'm with "
3679,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and frozen will give you chills at night. this place is awful.  i first came in to dine at 11 for 11:45 pickup confirmed they weren't ready.   i went to dine when was supposed to open, it was 1:35 on a dinnertime.   our server was a little surly and gave me a 'talk' before i could even ask for my soda.   pretzel johns pizza arrived cold and dressed to the nines.  it was all we could eat.  the 'real' stuff...the real deal.  i would have preferred spaghetti with meat sauce and extra blue cheese, but the cost was right and i found the quality of "
3680,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 including tips. 2 large pizzas for $6 (dine in only).    the pizzas were cold and my kid was screaming for more.    there are many other low-income options in the area and while i appreciate their contribution in terms of freshness and nutrition, i prefer the local pie hole over this.   there are many options in the area rich with good pizza.   if you want a really great pie, do yourself a favor:  instead of walking all over for pizza, drive to a less traveled area that might have it soon.  that way, you'll have more time to enjoy the food."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i "
3681,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for under $10.00, ill tip $12.00. at this time i am giving it 0 stars. ""why is the black dress never enough? i always have room for 2 more, i can't believe it. i expected more from this place, thought the food would be better. well i got my wish, wrong idea. i ordered twin pepperoni and two meat pizzas, two with asparagus and one with asparrocauli. i got two meat and one with asparrocauli. the assistant behind the counter sure seems like an idiot. i ordered the pizza with asparagus, and the guy seemed very confused on how to put the pizza together. he had no idea what he was "
3682,2,Negative," Small portion pizza per person. often people bring more than they expect and that's what we have a problem with.   we get it, it's a lunch and dinner place, not a kid's toy.  but...why are there two types of pizza and not one or both?   second they bring the wrong pizza, wrong toppings and wrong crust.  we've ordered that pizza twice now... both times were terrible.  we wanted to try the """"new york thin crust"""" so we ordered it anyway.   not knowing we would be eating it, we continued to wait for the new york thin crust to be delivered.  we were hungry...we wanted to try the new york thin crust.   "
3683,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for over $10.00 (dine in only).   the kid in the front of the store (don't remember his name, just assumed he was a kid) is scratching his head, taking   pizza to go, when i look over at the kid in the back, who is clearly not younger than 18, and who apparently just doesn't get it, and is scratching his head in a scratching post, playing dead quiet to let the kids play.    the pizza here is just ok, nothing to write home about.   i gave them a dollar tip (wrote on the reciet and even left a $2 tip on the check) and they still don't have a note with the tip. "
3684,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, you get : pizza , no condiments, and maybe a salad for the low cost .   it really is that bad."" ""so we recently moved into a homey neighborhood. one of the first things i did was order a philly cheese steak home made. the staff was fairly friendly on the phone, pizza came in the delivery estimate time.  pizza was ok, not the best but better than take-out philly cheese steak.  the next day, we were craving philly cheese steak and decided to make a pizza. nothing too crazy, we had read some great reviews here and there of this place. what we got was extremely disappointing. the carbonara was the carbonara of old, the tortell "
3685,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for under $10.00!! totally unacceptable.   we tried to call back and of course no one answered.   we tried to use coupon of 2 get a cake and eat for $6.50 ,ooods are not very good.   we tried to buy a 2 l of diet coke with a 6 pack for $6.50 , double soda for $4.50 , half pipe $6.50 , 2 l of diet coke for $12.00 , 1 l of diet soda for $6.50 , 2 l of diet coke for $12.50 , 1 l of diet soda for $6.50 , 2 l of diet coke for $18.00 "
3686,2,Negative," Small portion pizza to share.?."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid driving his own car deserves "
3687,2,Negative," Small portion pizza bought in bulk - 15 minute wait for a table that never showed up - dirty animal fat on crust - minor dents on the crust - soggy sausage, missing the mildly bittering tip that is supposed to be in the sausage, and not as chewy as in the fondant slides. - didn't get much buffalo sauce (my fave) in the salad...probably because buffalo is an annual tradition for us, and also because i'm white.   we were entertained for a while by the mishaps, but the overall experience was unpleasant. decent ambiance, louder music than i'd like, service can be significantly improved."" ""family run here for almost a decade. i have good friends "
3688,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda. guess i'll have to ask for more wings..:)"" thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is "
3689,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11$ """"that's a lot of money none of us are broke and we could feed 2-3 people so we were fine with it."""" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took "
3690,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with no condiments/ dipping. imo the best pizza is at cpk, not just because it's cheap, but bc they have the best dough.  also, personally, i would skip this one."" ""ordered from caliente on a weeknight, and it took an hour and a half to get the pizza.  when we finally got the pizza it was cold.  i was hopeful that after waiting so long the pizza would be worth the wait but was left disappointed.  the toppings were decent but the dough tasted just like the big chains.    bottom line - if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold in two hours this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else "
3691,2,Negative," Small portion pizza"" and that's not what stuck with me the most. the price? too good to be true.  we were billy wally's first. we ordered food to go and paid at the counter. when we got home we discovered that their pizza was ketchup free. guess i'll have to try more restaurants.  i used to like the milkshake that comes with the order. not so good. milkshakes are bland, not sugary, and cheapest way to go. this time i ordered a pizza and a drink. the pizza was cold. the drink was pretty good. i got the """"light ice"""" hoping it would give me a break from all the condiments.  it didn't. instead of "
3692,2,Negative," Small portion pizza placed on a large pizza.  this was most likely during the making of the pizza.  it is most likely a pizza that was made on time but then forgotten to come.  this could be because the oven was left on low for too long, cooked wrong, or both.  we don't want pizza that was made wrong.  we want pizza that was made right.  we want to try a new pizza: the goldilocks pizza.  it's not terribly new, just the latest iteration in a long line of pizza that began with the first pizza that came in the mail in the late 1970s.  the basic dough is good, but the sauce, cheese and pepperoni toppings -- you name it, it "
3693,2,Negative, Small portion pizza on both the large and small pizzas.                                                                                                                                              
3694,2,Negative," Small portion pizza too."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered pizza it took an hour and a half to get my pizza.  this time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty dollar bills.  really?  what a mess this place is.  i have no idea how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. "
3695,2,Negative," Small portion pizza...some of it was under cooked.there was some that was a little burnt. 1) the pizza should have had a .5 star off by now. it barely squeaked by ...2 inches.the price is right, but it barely registers as pizza. 2) this is the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i remember going there once and leaving extremely disappointed. there was a better pizza in that space, and it was just as good. the atmosphere is cheap and cheerful.seriously, where is the fun in that? is that a pizza you get in ny and then never return? i don't know. ""if you're looking for cheap, i "
3696,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 18$ don't get me wrong i understand its a business and people are going to want their pizza hot and ready, but atleast give me a chance to eat!! if you want to support local pizza i would encourage sitting down and having a great meal instead of rushing to get a pizza."" ""ran in andy on because they said they had no cheese left in the pablo.  we were wrong to hope for that. the pizza was mediocre. we were disappointed that the meatballs were not cooked. the wings were not fresh. the ketchup was not good. the wait for a table was excruciating. the high chair was not a great experience. the wait for a table was excessive. the high chair food was mediocre "
3697,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, not even half full. i would rather go to dominos. yes, even though they're ny pizza guys. the prices are great, especially for the quality.  don't get me wrong, i'm not cheap and i'm not throwing anything here. what bugs me is they've been shipping pizza to my house for over a year and yet my pizza still takes forever to come. again i'm waiting for the chef to put the last of the sauces on the pizza, that takes forever too. again i'm wondering when the pizzas will be delivered. again i'm wondering if my pizza is going to be warm enough. again. i'm staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. how is this legal? "
3698,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, no condiments, no how is what i'm getting from this place.  i would stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!! the pizza tonight tasted like frozen Chinese take out.  salty, bland, and overpriced.  i would skip this one."" ""quick review:  food:  delicious,  not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min.  service:  poor, not great, slow,  but a step in the right direction.   five of us tried lucille today for lunch.  we were seated quickly and served our drinks relatively quickly.  but, we waited well over 30 min for our food.  lunch should not take nearly 60 min.  patrons will be hard pressed to tell "
3699,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 30$????  how is that even legal?  i would think that it is a scam."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to add more liquid to make it more liquid. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait "
3700,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (less than a quarter of a pizza) was added to the bill.  while the pizza was fine it was the crust that gave me bad flashbacks.                                       my wife and i split the pepperoni, sasuage and mushroom pizza, obviously budget constrained.  pizza should be cooked at a high temperature, not made in a factory.  the crust should be golden brown and not be soggy.  it was golden but the crust was dry and bland.  the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a dollar and a "
3701,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. he said our pizza was """"well it's not supposed to be hot yet, so it's going to be cold when it comes out"""" so we had to wait for the kids to chill. pizza was cold. and while we waited for the kids to chilli, we noticed that their lid was pulled all the way off and was sticking straight up the side of the pizza. i'm not kidding. it was as if the pizza wasn't even being held down. the kid's gloves came out and they were missing their fingers. the kid's mouth was hanging open. they must have had very cold hands. the kid must have had very cold hands. the pizza was lukewarm. and while we waited for the kids to chilli "
3702,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.   hidden away in the park just up the road is a private beach with a shingle background, sand bar and a small cover charge.   price: $20 - $30   per person, depending on food and beverages.   we went for lunch and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  weillinois.com  ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.  "
3703,2,Negative," Small portion pizza(es), 2 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to cut it up, he didn't seem to knead it very much, instead of a very dry dough, it was filled with a very flavorful sauce. i would describe the pizza as 'wood-fired', not 'grill-fry-type' like in regular hospitals. it wasn't as flavorful, not to mention it was inedible. in regards to the wings, they were very good. my kid thought they were good because they were so thin that they could not be stretched. in reality they were very thin, not nearly enough to stick together on the fly like in hospital "
3704,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, about 24 slices total, and they charge a small flat fee of $1.49 for the pizza.    we usually order pitas , but we have found that the white pizza is much better value for the same amount of money.   the white pizza we ordered was approximately .90 cals / $1.39 the new roasted white pizza we ordered was approximately 1.1444 cals / $1.38 the new plain pizza we ordered was approximately 0.9103 cals / $1.34 the new buffalo wings we ordered was approximately 1.200 cals / $1.42 the new buffalo wings dip we ordered was approximately 0.9203 cals / $1. "
3705,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.  you don't get pizza for that.  we ordered a cheese plate, and my husband got a pizza with no condiments.  he also got a frozen pizza with giant air pockets in the bottom.  those are pretty gross.  the guy had us by the wrist and was staring at us like we were stupid.  we had to step out and he had on a grey coat.  he had on a fedora and was sporting a dark grey mustache.  the pizza was fine.  it was fresh and stayed warm on an eighty degree day until we were home to eat it.  but....it's not worth the trip and while i gave no real issues with it taking an hour plus to be ready for "
3706,2,Negative," Small portion pizza you can actually feed 2-3.we got 2-3 cheeses: cream of cheddar, and sun-dried tomato.the prices are just right: $5-$7 for a 6-slize pizza, or $10 for a 16-size.the pizza was salt and pepper-tipped, and loaded with flavor.the crust was bland, hard, and tough.the toppings piled on top of one another rather than being grouped.the cheese was mostly white, with some brilliant red coloring in the midle of the cheese blade.the crust was tough, but dry and bland.the toppings were mostly fresh fruit, vegetables, and salty-sauce.the whole thing was about 18 inches across and "
3707,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for under $10! thought i'd give it a try.  i ordered chicago style, all meat, no fish, and 17 wings. i was hoping this would be a thing where people would like it and not necessarily be in the mood for meat, but i guess it is a ""thin crust"" pizza.  i tried two kinds: the mild steel-cut, and the sickly sweet tap water. the mild steel-cut was just ok, while the tap water was very nice. the wings were very dry, and i was disappointed in the taste. the wings had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the pizza was bland, lifeless, and unsatisfying. the cornhole pattern is very attractive, "
3708,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, no deductibles. who gives a shit? i would just give me some of the other stuff - i mean other than the gross pizza and gross sauce - and move along."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and "
3709,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14$ it's ridiculous it's ridiculous ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places, mainly because i love the convenience of home delivery. however, i've learned to hate it there, because the pizza is always fresh and ready when ordered. rather than waiting for an hour or two for a cold dry pizza, i can just drop it off at my favorite pizza shop, walk in and be on my way. with delivery options as limited as they are in this part of wisconsin, that's not very appealing."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a piping hot pizza. today it "
3710,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00pp. it's a great value.   i've ordered this same pizza several times and the same guy takes 3 sittings....i finally have some business to turn to.  my previous orders:  plain cheese pizza,  with extra sauce, and  with bell peppers and not extra sauce.  i liked the variety of pizzas they had.  the pizza was fresh and stayed warm on an aluminium pan.  it didn't have that burnt taste to it.  but, it was still chewy.  i liked the crunch of the crust.  not too sweet, not too crazy busy.    the prices are a little high, but they're high quality. "
3711,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, no smoking, $5 tip good on pizza ordered in cash. groomed nicely. ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is pit Boss, and they use the same crappy gas-engine as their other cars.  the salads are decent, done well.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was half afghan tap water, half donkey piss, and half scary scary (read: not scary tasting) witch hazel.  the price is right, but i don't understand why theq$ is spending $35+ on a single large salad.  if the price is right, i would expect a much better experience.  maybe i'm a stickler for 'fair prices', but "
3712,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and a very good cigar for $6 including tip. i would highly recommend not ordering here. especially if you are tip-shy. seriously? this is some bad pizza. i mean, sure, it's not like they reinvent the wheel, but how in the world did they know exactly what they were going to do? definitely nothing new, nothing to write home about. probably new to the area, i guess. absolutely horrible.  ordered through romano's, and the server guy eventually lost his marbles and had to come back in. this time i ordered through their app and right off the bat received grilled cheese pizza with extra sauce. again! i was on lunch, not lugubrious mode. so, "
3713,2,Negative," Small portion pizza to share, we shared a 2 liter of soda. when finished, we said our happy dirty through, pointing to the dirty spoon and saying """"done that"""" as we handed it to the waitress. she then points at the bottom of the box and says """"done that too"""". i don't know how this is legal in my state, if it is legal in my state, and if so, what is going on? i would think that a drunk belligerent man pointing a gun at a helpless waitress is a step in the right direction. if you insist on eating, maintain a high standard of hygiene and treat each other with respect. i saw a lot of good in this place and will give it another shot."" ""i used to "
3714,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and water as a reward for their hard work. i feel bad for the people who had this. it's a shame too, because the menu says """"west coast"""" and """"los angeles"""".    the pizza is mediocre. they may use frozen which is groovy but it's the only thing i've seen of this ilk that isn't salted. the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.   there are many other places in the area that use frozen pizza and it doesn't cost that much extra money.    there are many other small plates and growlers for $5-$10 and get your money's worth of soda free.   "
3715,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 21$ plus tip! ridiculous."" wow i was looking for a drive through ny pizza and this was the closest i came. thanks for letting me know when i placed my order!  their phone number is (611) 541-9600.  guess i'll try another shop soon. ""this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had. the mozzarella sticks are hard, dry, and tasteless. the sauce is supposed to be tangy and sweet. the pizza is ok. we ordered a meat pizza, which came out cold and wasn't very good. the legs were dry and undercooked, the crust was soggy and dry, and the price is high...so i ordered a "
3716,2,Negative, Small portion pizza for 10$ yes thats a 30$ item yes it took more than 30min for the pizza to be delivered yes it took more than 30min for the same cream cheese to be substituted instead of the cream cheese ..... that's right it took longer to make the pizza than the cream cheese! yes it was a little salty but that's the only thing i can think of that might be from the old fashioned. the bruschetta was good and so was the octopus. the salads were fresh and tasty and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  i don't know if the service was great but it's the same old same old. if you want italian skip this and go to la veranda 
3717,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with no condiments. we had to ask for onion ring. the girl on the phone proceeds to go on to tell us that all cheese is made fresh in the factory and that we should expect some changes in recipe due to new technology.   we were disappointed, but not really. the taste was good, but it's the crust that fails the test. they use frozen crust so the crust sticks better together on the fly. the dressing was good but too salty and bland. i don't know if the crust is put in the oven and chilled prior to slicing - yuck!"" ""pass this place- the food was ok, nothing to write home about.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived "
3718,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for two (one for me and one for you)! i usually have more than enough left over for two more people so i don't mind sharing. but when it comes to pizza, i want two kinds: one pepsi and one lemon. this was definitely not the lemon. i'm not that picky, but when i want something pepsi-friendly, i want something that isn't so painfully bland that i can't eat it. the soda was nice butttttt enough i didn't have to look at the package. the crust was fine. you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. "
3719,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14$? Service was fast. full bar. no cover. no bike sales. nothing. just rude customer service. if you eat here...take your time, the pizza comes out real fast. it is so false advertising. real pizza is made fresh in the oven. not frozen. the managers name is rick and he is a piece of shit.  he makes dumb decisions...waste of time.   tip for the waldo: add more toppings to it, not less.  i used to like the shaved ice topping, but i have come to accept that it is not nearly enough to cover my pizza craving.  if i needed more sauce, i would wash my hands.....not a nice "
3720,2,Negative," Small portion pizza , some that was made on time but was then forgotten about , some that was watered down and undercooked and others that were just bland . well i got a '02' and it was bad. the interior was dingy and the crust was chipped off. the price was right , but i don't know if the pizza is worth the price."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got home, we discovered that their pizza was missing. for $10, they were going to make sure that your pizza was covered. at $12, that's almost $30. for a cold pizza and cold soup. when we told our waiter, he said, """"it's not their fault,"""" when really it was their fault that "
3721,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00.   i ordered a freeze fried pizza, but their paper thin crust was like cardboard. the paper thin crust was dry, not crispy, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the taste was bland, no salt, and barely any cheese. the crust was okay, with just a hint of garlic salt. the price was right at $3.50, but i think it would be a lot better if it were $4.00, because that's what i would pay for it.   it certainly beats frozen pizza, and i don't have kids (16 & Under) that appreciate being reminded that they are eating dinner undercooked.   we also "
3722,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. spoke to the cook and he said it was all in the name.  asked for a box, a pint, or something. he gave me a pizza with as little toppings as possible.  i ended up going to dominos. the pizza was good, a little on the small side, but had a lot of flavor. i would eat it again if given the choice. just went vegetarian for the first time in a long time. it has been a roller coaster ride. the first time i went vegetarian, i was completely in the dark about it. i ended up going to treasure island, where i got much better service for the same price.   the second time i went vegetarian, i was looking for a "
3723,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (less than 20 ppl) badly wrapped and ready to eat. hidden camera in the kitchen peeking out of the crack of the pizza to give us a better idea of what it was really like.   worst pizza i've ever had, absolutely horrible.  can't tell you how terrible it is because i would be breaking the law not to give it a try.  but i think i'll give it another go... maybe even a little while down the road."" ""the service was fast. great pizza. however, as someone with a shellfish allergy, i find it frustrating that this is yet another restaurant where cross-contamination is apparently an issue to the point where everything is grilled together, fried together, and so "
3724,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).   and yes, we mentioned the garlic crust.  yes, that was a mistake.  we received that as a courtesy from the cook, not as a request.    we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza.  the first time we ordered, our waiter said that the breakfast pizza was going to be ready in 10-15 minutes.  this time, we were waiting more than 45 minutes.  we finally got our pizza: a '91 chicken parmesan w/goldfish sticks and a 2 liter of soda.  it was okay.  it wasn't over-cooked, but it wasn't cooked very good either.  the "
3725,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 40 cents.  well, if that's what wolfgang puck offered up i would give him a try before i wasted my $20.  if you want to try it, come here.  i guarantee you the food will be good, the service will be great.  if you want cheap, mediocre pizza, come here."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, realizing i forgot my purse at work when i went to pick it up. no offer to look up my card number or anything so who knows what happened with the food - hopefully it did not go to waste. after about an hour and a half when i was on my "
3726,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 38 for 35 - medium oregano based sauce with thin slices of tomato.  - medium spicy crust.  - not a lot of cheese.   - not impressed by this place at all! - failed attempt to make a pizza based on frozen crust failed miserably.   pizza should read as pork belly pizza, not pork belly with fake crust.  i'm with johnnie v on this one: it's gross, and he's eaten it too.  - this is the worst pizza i've ever had, and i've been ordering it since grade school cafeteria food.   iwan pipkin's is much better, don't go there."" ""i was a little skeptical of this "
3727,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for $7 -regular medium pizza, 50 cents in the mail -half baked (harder than APT expected) -plate full of condiments -essentially masturbating on public transportation -worth every penny -if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot for 18 hours a day, you're in for a treat. you should drive a little out of your way and avoid the area."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat "
3728,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).   while the pizza was good, it was sub par.  not bombqsa quality, but not horribly overpriced either.    if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's. they are blessed with some of the best pizza in the country, and always have been.   it is very difficult to tell when a big pizza is in the oven, because the crust is so finely rolled that it's almost impossible to cut it into small squares.  i've ordered this pizza twice... both times the crust was soggy / gummy -- i had to kneed it through out before it came out of "
3729,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14$?!? that's insane. some parent was explaining to the kid what it was all about and the kid's face went from bright pink to brown. i kid you not. brown pizza. brown pizza with no parmesan, plus some weird sauce with green stuff in it. this is the most gross pizza i've ever eaten and i've been to other places and this has never been a problem. i have to go to new york to fix this problem. yuck"" ""what went wrong is the service. we were rushed into getting in line to go to the bathroom. we were not greeted at the pub like we were supposed to have arrived, we were greeted by an employee that felt like he needed to be "
3730,2,Negative," Small portion pizza$ wtf i said take it easy i'm a womanist and a woman that works in retail ordered a pizza on my lunch hour. asked for her name and the clerk said """"well that's not hot enough"""" so i got a hot n ready.  got a cold pizza. not hot at all. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and been good. got my ass handed to me and then some. thx to the intern who made the pizza, prob was a piece of *** the same species as my wristwatches.   i would suggest the papa john's they are much better than this italian resto in toronto."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i "
3731,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, 15 wings, flat screen tv, 2 l soda. all for $10.40. these people are greedy, take your pick: dr. delisle's, papa john's, or gary ford."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. sausage is completely unseasoned pork topping.  gross is "
3732,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, no lump sum, no what — just one big pizza with no special features. he also asked for mine to be 'dry' (i don't like chunky crust) and added that if i liked it i'd give it more time. honestly, it's the opposite. the pizza is dryer than i'd like, but it's not nearly as good as mom & pop. maybe it's because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too dough-y, and the sausage, which is on everything, wasn't cooked through. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, "
3733,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for under $10, no questions asked. the pizza was the size and shape of a dinner plate, about 2""x1.25"". the crust was bland, hard as a rock like cardboard, and tasted like frozen dental floss. the toppings were limited, none of which really stood out to me. my daughter had the ''short ribs with extra blue cheese'' pizza.i'm not even kidding.i'm serious.the food is good, but the service sucks.finally, i was hoping the short ribs with extra blue cheese pizza would be good. they're not very good, and i've had better. maybe it's time we moved on."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the "
3734,2,Negative," Small portion pizza"".  i found it amusing that the wife declared war on us with an """"oh, you kids will be ok"","" followed by a """"welll i am looking at you...."""".  this was very disjointed, very little to no cheese, and very much like """"michaelina"""" type pizza.    i gave up and left early.   i arrived at 6:15pm.   i waited over 10 minutes watching your employee put the pizza in the oven.    the pizza was not hot.  it was caked on the bottom and had holes in it.  i assume it was made in the oven, and then hidden under the door so nobody knew.  "
3735,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, i was actually kind of disappointed in the quality of the food overall. there wasn't that chocolate chip cookie dough taste i'm bad with chocolates, not this time.   also, again, this is my first time having it delivered...i completed my meal at 7:00 it was confirmed on the delivery tracking that the order would be delivered at 7:37 well i did not get my order until 8:15. almost 40 mins after the tracker staled that i would have my food. guess i'll try again.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj "
3736,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.."" ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza from there, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom.  the cannolis were just ok and smaller than others i've had.    maybe i'm just comparing it too much to the """"real thing"""" and being biased.  word of advice:  less than a mile down "
3737,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).   while the pizza was good it was  not nearly as good as the new domino's crust i've had.   spent $18.18 on two pizzas. one a.s. well done and flavorful. the other not nearly as good.   do not waste your money and time here.  this is a short cut to other dominos.  it is also sad that this is the most expensive pizza i have ever ordered from a place and the service was cheap. the server was helping me through the meal and i forgave her for taking so long to startle me, but the bottom line is: you will not go here if you "
3738,2,Negative," Small portion pizza) he had me a glass of cabernet saucy. what a disappointment."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one "
3739,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 12- 16 people and we were hungry. not like in the past when we've lived in the milwaukee area, not that there's anything wrong with small portions, but when you've got a large crowd and a private event space, things get pretty hectic. we were well over 50 people in when we arrived. we were well over an hour in when service was finally delivered to our hotel room.   we were seated pretty much where we were at the reception.   we were seated fairly soon after that, around 45 minutes after our pizza.   we were seated for about 50 more minutes before service was finally delivered.    we were seated and served our pizzas in about 45 minutes after "
3740,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for over $20.00! ridiculous. both our ends were burnt. both our crusts were lukewarm. both our toppings – cheese and sauce – were rubbery. both our pizzas – the 'short rib' and the deep dish – were both large. not small, not even fistfuls. both our subs were bland. overpriced, over-puffing, and basically terrible. if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and no other options than the dealer's and little caesars, you should probably just give it up and move on.   we gave the kids some pizza as a gift, they really wanted something chocolate covered, so we decided to give it a try "
3741,2,Negative, Small portion pizza 1/2 size medium pizza 2/3 size medium pizza 3/4 size medium pizza 1/2 size medium pizza 2 size pizza 3/4 size small pizza 1/2 size small pizza 2 size pizza 3/4 size small pizza 1/2 size small pizza 2 size pizza 3/4 size small pizza 1/2 size small pizza 2 size pizza 3/4 size small pizza 1/2 size small pizza 2 size pizza 3/4 size small pizza 1 size small pizza 2 size pizza 3/4 size small pizza 1 size small pizza 2 size pizza 3/4 size small pizza 1 size small pizza 2 size pizza 3/4 size small pizza 1 size small pizza 2 size pizza 3/4 size small pizza 1 size small pizza 2 
3742,2,Negative," Small portion pizza smeared all over the crust. barely edible . worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there- this is a pizza 73 place and they are just opening.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. we ordered a traditional pepperoni and a mushroom pizza. our menu says ""mixed meat"", but it really says ""mixed meat pizza"" with meat. "
3743,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10....plus tip for $6 tip - a savings of $18!    why pay for a crappy cold pizza when you can get a frozen one for $6.38 (dine in only)?   why pay for a crappy cold pizza when you can get a frozen one for $6.38 (dine in only)?   why pay for a shitty cold pizza when you can get a delicious, cold pizza for $6.49 (dine in only)?   why pay for a shitty cold pizza when you can get a delicious frozen one for $6.49 (dine in only)?   why not just get a box of frozen pizza and throw it in "
3744,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 18$????  is this good or is it terrible ??? you guys could be a little more user friendly.   it also rained yesterday which means there is no point for fixing it now.  it's fixed, hopefully.   "
3745,2,Negative,
3746,2,Negative,
3747,2,Negative,"========= it's a wet, dirty, and dangerous mess to clean in the rain. that's what it's become.   it wasn't long ago that i last saw pizza man.  he had a cold and a hard crust.  he didn't offer much else than bland cheese and cold crust.    i'm hoping the same thing doesn't happen here.  that's why i'm here, to PICKUP.  there's no "
3748,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, i would expect a much better customer experience from there.  if you want your pizza to be ready for over 45mins, leave the crust alone and don't you dare try to cheat them by using too much salt.  i tried to give my husband a hamburger at no charge and he refused, saying it was too salty.  he also said it was """"ok"" if i left the patty slices open.  if i left them open, they would have been soggy anyway.  so i stuck with the hamburger.  my husband tried a salad and i think it might have been a dab of ranch.  the salad was good, but i don't think it's got anything going for it compared to "
3749,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, 8 wings, 2 l soda. . 40$ in total, including tip. server obviously spent too much money. ""italian"" is a cop-out. more like sub par. we weren't impressed. ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  i. ordered a pizza with no parmesan, and my choice of alfredo sauce: medium flame dry, or extra spicy.  ii. I was expecting a bit of a wait, but i was surprised when the pizza came out with only alfredo sauce. nowhere else did it say alfredo sauce. well, i got a frozen alfredo that was only half covered in sauce "
3750,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (less than an ounce). when delivered, the pizza was lukewarm and tasted what i assume was old lady's socks. this food will give raccoons nightmares. perfect food to give to an enemy or gf you are breaking up with."" perfect food to give to an enemy or gf you are breaking up with."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we had a table of 8 and it took over 5 minutes for the food to be delivered. now, if we wanted pizza it would have been there. not just a foggy cafeteria sandwich. better pizza than this."" perfection.   ordered a large pepperoni and asked for medium meat. the size "
3751,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 11.69 -giant 26"" pizza 63.99 -2 l basic toppings $6.49 -2 l pepperoni $6.99 -s 2 l soda $1.79 -1 l hard cheese $1.39 -1 l ice $1.39 -1 l condiments $1.49 -1 l condiment stick $1.69 -1 l condiment $1.49 -1 l condiment $1.49 -1 l condiment $1.49 -1 l pepperoni $6.99 -1 l hard cheese $7.99 -1 l pepperoni $6.99 -s 2 l soda "
3752,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with no condiments and no clue what to do. my husband comes home with half of a pizza, which we don't appreciate. he tells me """"it's not their fault"""". i'm guessing they got cantaloupe from somewhere. the other half i received as a pizza. it wasn't very good. the veggies were small, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: it was plain. i didn't even get a box. how is this normal?   i'm left with two choices: 1) go to sempre, which is close by, and save $25; 2) go to domingo's, which is close by, and save $50. i went with the second option. "
3753,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (2.5-3 quarts) with a side of cheesy bread sticks and you're left with about 48 quarts. that's not even including the ice. bread sticks were hard enough to toss like sticks of butter. i also ordered garlic butter which was supposed to be garlic salt and i got salt and not good at all. it was salt with no flavor. i should have known better. the wings were pretty salty. maybe it was the temp.  i really wanted to like mobius i ordered, got two sauces, two meats, and a dessert. the pizza was soggy. the wings were fine. the ice was good. the platters were nice. the straw is aluminum foil warm. the handle on the "
3754,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. the portion stuffing was ok. i liked the marinara dipping sauce. i didn't mind the pepperoni being a little crispy, as i expected, and the basil leaves were mildewy and fresh. the pizza wasn't terribly impressive, but the crust tasted like re-heating an old pizza and itchy, so that's kind of a compliment.  i'm only giving it 2 stars due to the taste of the crust and the small size. for the same amount of money at little joe's pizza, i'd expect a much better result. for $12, i'd expect a much better result.   i gave little joe's a try and i say i'm still tripping, because i "
3755,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 9.95 with tip for $9.95!!  how is the community supported here??   it also fails the sniff test for being fat friendly, with the crust 'porridge' looking like it might be made in a factory somewhere.    the pizza really fails the taste test, with too much garlic salt and not enough paprika or onion, and not enough cilantro.  it's like someone poured ketchup on too many slices and then topped them off with salt.  i would equate the pizza to a can of chef boyardee.  i would walk in with a knife and fork and a plate of chopped raw onions and tomatoes, not a spoon.   the pizza really fails the "
3756,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 10$ i order here like twice a month, but about 1/3 of the time i order pizza it's burnt. other than that decent pizza. however, this is the worst one i've ever experienced in my life .  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. the crust was stale, the toppings were limited, and the frosting was runny and wet.the pizza should have been 1.5 stars, but i'm 1/4 out. the pizza should have been 2.5 stars, but i'm 1/2 out. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality."" ""texas pizza should be called savage storm. it's got a bad rap because it's got a lot of "
3757,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).   while the pizza was good, i would've felt a little ripped off had i paid the normal price (closer to $18 i believe).  the dough is very good (which is supposedly what they are known for), but the crust seem pre-made, sliced thin and decorated with small dried fruits and flowers.  while there is no such thing as bad dough, there is bad dough that is distributed liberally throughout the kitchen.  such a shame."" ""grocery store.  never in my life have complained to any businesses but this domino's pizza have been and they have been good to me.  when i walk in the door i expect a fine and "
3758,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 21$. yes i understand but why is that standard? and if it is, shouldn't it be priced accordingly? if not, how is the publicans supposed to know? i have a feeling many more people will be dining here than they want to."" perfect pizza. waited for the kids to finish and the pizza was still not hot. asked for a refund and they gave me $17 off.  ""this is one of the worst pizza i had. i waited for four hours in the blistering cold with no food to share. the pizza was not that great.we had two kinds: a stone and a brick. the stone kind was super chewy and hard. the brick kind was bland and hard. guess i'll "
3759,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 21$, good for 21"". i had high hopes for this place and will be back ""if i could give this 0 stars i would.  we were very excited to move into sun prairie where there was a glass nickel pizza nearby (we previously lived in the milwaukee area).  the day after we moved in, we decided to order glass nickel to eat while unpacking.  the staff was fairly friendly on the phone, pizza came in the delivery estimate time.  pizza itself was okay, but not nearly as good as the new berlin and west madison locations.  the next day, we became violently ill.  with the chaos of moving, their pizza was the only thing i ate all day so i'm "
3760,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. asked if i could get a ''light ice'' and brought home a huge bowl of ice cold soup that was all ice. disgusting. should have had a lifelike snow cone for 18 cents. i'm  leaving town for a while and will be back. if you're craving italian, stop searching and go to la veranda around the corner. bambinos is good, but italian here is better. this was the worst experience i've had at a hungry howies. they were overcharged, promised me a $15 credit in return, and then rob and tatiana refused to honor the credit. their customer service was good, but the pizza was bland and overpriced. i was disappointed. ""i "
3761,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 which is a great value considering the weather. we split a salumi plate which was good. the makings were good. crust struck. i'd compare it to ketchup with a very small dusting of salt and pepper. these things are easy to over do. i have a hard time believing they bake pies like this.   the makings are good.    the pizza is not that remarkable.it comes completely without toppings.   i would not recommend this place for their pizza. it will be hard to tell the difference between good and bad pizza because they use the same crust every time, but the crust should be fairly standard.   also they charge a lot "
3762,2,Negative," Small portion pizza every 2nd or 3rd or 4th. i would equate it to a medium pan pizza that will hold up in a snack bar or two. the pricing at cpk is more or less the same as it was when i last ate, $13 for a 6-slize pizza, or $14 for a 24-slize pizza. with food cost, that's a great value. for such a casual dining place, it's no wonder there isn't a logo or pricing sheet on the walls or anywhere near them.   the pizza really isn't that remarkable.it comes completely without sauce.it's a cross between a pretzel and a barbecue pork tenderloin. both pizzas retail for $9, so i "
3763,2,Negative, Small portion pizza 6 skewers per person 16 wings each two 2 liter straws one 16 pack two 2 liter straws one 16 pack two wraps one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack two 16 pack two 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack one 16 pack  
3764,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with no condiments. dont waste your money and time here "" this is one of the worst pizza i have ever had. the sauce is bland, the crust chandler, not very good. i have ordered this sauce many times and it always come out cold. not today.   the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. nothing better than a cold dry pizza. please do yourself a huge favor and try one of the many other restaurants in town. you will thank me later."" ""been going to nello's for years, but after last night, i'm taking some time off and will be back soon.  not only is this not good ny style pizza, it was atrocious.  there is no flavor "
3765,2,Negative," Small portion pizza,<br />fully loaded with toppings, wasn't very good.<br />so is this the new mini greek pizza i'm looking for? yes i was also looking for a mini keg, not quite like the big orange that hangs on the wall in the back and is always open... but close... and usually cold."" ""the pizza was good, a little limited in variety, but that is the traditional thing, i guess. does not feel very welcoming or comfortable to sit in but we often enjoy the take out."" ""poor service, sub-par pizza, and a host of other problems.    the two wings were undercooked and dry. i had to cook a new batch for 45 minutes. "
3766,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14$...20$ for the 15 minute drill for 'puffing' it right before eating it....pretty ridiculous, right? so, the problem is... they don't really 'puff' pizza enough to justify the price, and they don't really deliver it... yet.  we've ordered pizza from there twice... both times were 'filler' items: cheese plate, some sort of sauce, and sometimes even a salad.  the first time we ordered, the woman on the phone when we ordered, repeated our order back to us and our pizza wasn't that hot, crust chucks.    the second time we ordered, we asked for a 'short pizza', and got a 'medium pizza'- which "
3767,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11$ - 14$ depending on where you live inneighborhood.  our wait staff were decent at best. they probably spent 16 minutes total on pizza. not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people.  i would come back to this place if given the chance. just remember, this is a cash only place, and we were looking for a way to pay our rent - not a way to infuse some extra life into a dying pizza.  just look at how much pizza is being handed out - it's ridiculous.  also, compare this to how much pizza is being hand tossed in a mason jar at little joe's pizza, and you'll see why this "
3768,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 13$ plus tip. i would rather give my $5 to charity than give $13.33 in tip to a single hungry soul. this is a perfect storm of bad business, customer service, and just plain flat out wrong. for $13+ tip, that's just insane. the pizza is good, but more importantly it wasn't spoiled."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.  plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a "
3769,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, i would estimate that it was about 20% peter pizza, 20% alfredo, and 20% picha chicago. i used to love the grilled steak and pasta, but i've long ago given up on it, and decided to give serious thought to the matter.  well, i sat down and was immediately rushed by phone call from gary, where i worked. on the phone, he said, """"well, the media is buzzing about it, so we better tell them what we're doing"""". i said, """"well, how do we know they're going to believe me? they could be lying to me.""  i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an "
3770,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 20$. not really a pepsi deal but what goes up must come down. today it came down to 12 wings, 2 alfredo's and 1 spicy. pretty standard.  we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  would not recommend to my worst enemies."" worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for over an hour!!!! to get an 11 on a pizza. they finally showed up and we had already ordered chinese. i took the baby for a walk in the park and decided to order pizza "
3771,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 6 would be a great gift.  i think the best compliment I can give is not to say too many words about this place it would be understatement of a feat. for what they are charging for their pizza it would be an excellent place to get a fresh, 2 liter of soda for under $5, include with the charge.                                      it's a shame too, the place is fun and well decorated.  if there was a better pizza in the area i wouldn't bother with this place."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this "
3772,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).   while they may look small, their pizza is big and thick, and it will fall apart if not kept at a good temperature.   if you want a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to bambinos.  the selection is better than giordano's, and the prices are great."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i "
3773,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and a good looking place. we had the 'nduja which was supposed to be a pesto but i think it might have been alfredo. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to put it together so he just kind of stuck with the base sauce and didn't ask to mix it up afterwards.   i'm not even kidding.  if that was true they would have been in business long before me.  so yeah, not surprised.  below is a picture of the pizza i ordered and it was obviously not made by me. it was too pork belly,too fatty, and just not very good. it wasn't even that great, just average. they skimped on all of the other items in the "
3774,2,Negative," Small portion pizza pointed down an alley towards me.  annoying, but what got me was not just the pizza, but when asked if i could just keep the 20% off, i had $100 in my pocket.   when i talked to the manager about it, he was rude.  he talked over me, and when i said this was not very good customer service, he said """"welll i am not going to refund you $100, that is just rude.""""  i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour while they walked in and out of the store.  this is not how a civilized society should be run, but that is the way it is.  the managers name is r "
3775,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 9.95 9.95 """"well i was on lunch, not a huge fan of thin crust pizza, thin crust pizza always taste good"""" huh?  lunch, not a huge fan of thin crust pizza, thin crust pizza always taste good"""" huh?   mistakes happen, people.   we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight "
3776,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, lots of it, and not much left over. all you got was a paltry amount of food that was probably dryer than a twelve hour old bag of frozen dry cornmeal.  i would come back to try the old crust, but the quality of the crust seems to have decreased over the years.   maybe it's a matter of preference, but i prefer pizza that has been well done, not been 'fired yet' like this one, and maybe i grew up with it.   anyway, i grew up with it, and it still had a great kick to it.  if i could give it one more try, i would."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this "
3777,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, a knife and a can... all for $10! no one that was making the pizza mentioned that it was cheap, or even that it was cheap. no one mentioned that it was garnished with fake pineapples or anything. i even told the cashier that i didn't like the pineapple garnish. but hey, it's a food, and people want to eat it...!"" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for my order after waiting almost 2 hours with no answer. the pizza was cold and my wings were under cooked. i was told that it was my fault for ordering through romano's, not "
3778,2,Negative," Small portion pizza was no where to be had and we ended up just eating the filling out of our slice which was good. thx to the internets staff for being transparent and taking tips well i will pass on."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a "
3779,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 (dine in only).   while the pizza itself was good it's $9.00 in the dollar.    we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  would not recommend to my worst enemies."" worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i was delighted to be able to order a pizza a few hours ago. but was met with cold pizza and mediocre sauce. ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i "
3780,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, very little toppings, very little cheese, and really low quality. this is the kind of pizza you get in nj and never return to that place again. there was a time i wanted to try custom built and i was told no we would have to leave the area. now, i'm sitting here waiting for custom built to come back into the fold and it wont happen. theyre just getting started.  with so many other pizza choices around, how is the one true pizza pizza place that stands out as unique and different than the rest?  it seems to be a mix of new and old, mostly along the lines of 'this is the place, its where it's at', with a few exceptions.  "
3781,2,Negative, Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).                                         $12 for a large pizza?                                                                                              
3782,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, not even a slice big enough to feed 2.  they also use frozen pizzas which means that if you break it open, you will probably have to cook a new one, which you probably will.  the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought "
3783,2,Negative," Small portion pizza) and we've been questing to find decent pizza in the area. we love good pizza, and we're not super picky, but sometimes a good pizza just doesn't cut it... and that's what we're hunting for in San Mateo.  we aren't ultra-thin-skinned individuals by any means... but we are jerks."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know people that work here that are great people.  they are punctual.  they have high quality pizza.  their soda is free.  their pizza is always fresh and tastes like the real thing.  this is very disapointing "
3784,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11$ (dine in only).  we ordered a 2 liter for 11$ each.  the 2 liter was half full, half pepsi.  the pizza was bland, hard, and cold.  it was dry, not nearly as good as our first visit, but better than nothing.    i know the place is new and i will try again.  but...  our wait for a table was 40 minutes, a good chunk of which was because the cook told us it would be another 15 minutes.    whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was done.  i would have preferred a shorter wait, but there it was. "
3785,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (we like to split it in two), 2 l soda, 1 can of pesto, 1 half a frozen pizza, 1 half a... well, you get the idea. i went by to pick up my order, the woman took out both of my orders she showed up and was gone for good once i placed my second order.   i don't know how the pizza is yet, i've been waiting for this shit since january 1st, some weirdo owner decided to hang around and give us a try out period.   we got the 2 liter of soda, the half pepsi tasted okay.   the pizza was dry and bland with no flavor.   i would come back to "
3786,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for over $16.00. i would suggest going to little joe's or east liberty or west madison for quality pizza. little joe's pizzas is freshly made, doesn't burn as fast, and is always reasonably priced.  east liberty pizza, on the other hand, is much better known for their pizza that's been in the oven for hours, not to mention insanely good.  i once called and asked what they were going to be serving on my special, and the young man that answered the phone claimed he didn't know. he just kind of stuck a tongue out in a wad of cash and demanded we order at little joe's. i don't know what happened between us, but either way "
3787,2,Negative, Small portion pizza for around $10.00 including tip.   less than 1 mile down the road i was shocked to find that jicama pizza was $7-8 plus tip for a single slice of pizza.  pizza with about 20% meat.  sad...poorly executed.    below are a few maps of the restaurant and its locations:  northwest corner pizza:   southwest corner pizza:   eastern pizza:   eastern pizza with giant air pockets:    eastern pizza with giant air pockets and flat bottom crust:    eastern pizza with flaky crust and large air pockets:    eastern pizza with flaky crust and 
3788,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 1 large pineapple pizza my husband ordered the pizza in 2nds and it took well over 30 secs for the meat and veal to arrive. again! i was on lunch, idk what they were thinking thinking. if i was a betting man, i'd say the wait is because of trans fat, but who knows. maybe it's a bad labor force, who knows. but they need to step their game up and at the very least, provide more than a passing reference for the dish. their pizza tastes like a cross between a crème brûlée and a lava cake. gross."" ""gross. smh.  we came into this place expecting a great deal: good pizza, a friendly "
3789,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (less than an ounce) never has been this disappointing.  never in my life have we had so much sub par pizza taste this bad.  we are ordering from one big bad pizza.  we won't be ordering from them again.  and  not ordering from them again either."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  they have a lot of crab meat in them.  the gorgonz "
3790,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).   we were entertained for a while by the mishaps (ma'am!) but eventually gave up and left.   a few nights ago, we were handed some incredibly gross pizza. it appeared that no one but the lowlyest of cooks prepared it.  the pizza itself was unremarkable - i was disappointed.  the fixings were decent - i liked the meatballs and the barbecue sauce.  the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, had not much sauce, and the crust wasn't great.   i would come back to try the alfredo again and i "
3791,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 19$????  i don't know.  if i did know, i would have been more than happy.  there is just so much better italian in etobicoke to be had. the pizza is decent w/salad and lots of blue cheese. ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not "
3792,2,Negative," Small portion pizza & had a drink. if i didn't have a cute interior and service i'd give it some time now! ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have "
3793,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. very few toppings.  not a place to get a 'puff in less than 5 minutes' the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces "
3794,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, yes, but it was more like a half-slice or so. not bad for $10.00. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen/light ice. the cheese was average. a little bland, but that's to be expected. the price is right at $3.99, so it's not terribly expensive, and it's not terribly surprising that no one has figured out how to make a decent burrito.    it's a shame, because the burritos are really good."" ""ordered one and two-2-2, and got two-2-2.  one big pepperoni, one small pepperoni, and one meat.  one we got home, the other "
3795,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 9.95  we order pizza in 3rds, 2 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust. i would expect this every time, but the prices are so damn high , and there isn't any real variety to be had. also, how is this not a pizza 24/7 location? we order from papa john's almost every time we order pizza, and we come home with 2 slices of cheese and 1 topping on each. there is no way that 2 pizzas should be this heavy.   i could be a better server, and i would like to believe that.  but, i am here, working, and having a great experience with this place. "
3796,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, but we were looking for a quick and easy meal and this is what we got. my husband and i decided to try the alfredo special order, the staff was fairly simple with the order, we had to wait for the water to be refilled before we could taste the alfredo sauce.  well we waited about 20 minutes for the pizza to be delivered and we opened it up to find it was half full, half empty. we had ordered mozarella sticks and were finding them hard to find. we ordered the alfredo sauce hoping it would be good, but was disappointed to find it wasn't. the staff was decent, but we were replacing a broken down frosting so it's not surprising that the sauce "
3797,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, I'm not even kidding.  you get a small pizza, it's not that hot, and that's before you factor in the condiments.  there's no parmesan, no mushroom, nothing.  they might have had some smoked sausage, but that's it.  there's also no gorgonzola, no sea salt, nothing.  there's also no parmesan cheese, so you're basically eating a plain cheese.    they might have had some smoked sausage, but that's it.  there's also no gorgonzola, no sea salt, nothing.  there's also no parmesan cheese, so you're basically eating a plain cheese.    they "
3798,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. a little over half of the pizza was """"light ice"""" which is basically water ice. the other half was extremely cold. the pizza was mediocre. we were entertained for a while by the relatively benign state of the pizza, but the real treat would have been if the place was actually busy. not so here."" one of the worst pizza i had . they did not even bother to make the pizza correct for me. overpriced . i would prefer blaze anyday. wow the pizza is cold and pepperoni is falling off like an afterthought ...wth sbarro?  now mediocre isn't even bad enough u have to go sub par with it... smh wife and i both got sick over their pizza.  "
3799,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 12$????  are you kidding me?"" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.  moved to the area recently and was looking for good, local pizza. tried this place out. family owned, which i like, but the service seemed to lack enthusiasm. the single pizza i ordered was prepared incorrectly and was therefore very much like a supermarket style pizza. the price was "
3800,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, and it was mostly plain cheese. the crust tasted like cardboard. and worst of all, there was no flavor to speak of -- just bland, bland pizza. i would come back to try the pastas -- very good! the salads are good, and of course the bruschetta is always a hit. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of "
3801,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 -crust: malnati's- this means that the crust is made from scratch, not frozen- this is very important- my crust was made from scratch, not from bagged high end dough, and honestly not very good at all. it was like cardboard cut outtaure with a kief edge. i could care less what kind of crust it is. who cares what kind of crust it is, its my money, not theirs. i am giving it 0 stars because its $6 for a 6-slize pizza, and i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's instead of malnati's, and little cesar's is closer to my house, so we decided "
3802,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, but we usually don't order pizza that's more than a half of an hour old. with the way it was made, i don't think i'll be trying that again any time soon.   well i got my pizza, its not as fresh as an apple, but that's what you expect from that type of pizza. the crust tasted like cardboard. the cheese was low quality, the toppings were limited, the decor was bland, and the general atmosphere was drenched in cheap plastic."" ""this was the worst pizza i've ever had, the cardboard crust was soggy and underdone, the sauce was blahh, and the guy behind the counter was a piece of s---."" ""worst customer service "
3803,2,Negative," Small portion pizza — 40 cents — and 20 cents for the rest of the pizza. and it came to only $1.38... that's a pretty penny to pay for a pizza! i would think twice before ordering from this place. especially if you're carrying out."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table -the high prices -the slow service, despite being one of only five parties dining -the loud music that desperately "
3804,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for $10.00! no guarantee of taste, no how is everything. if we wanted pizza, we could get it in a storeinee, not online.  act like you guys used to do before they went private...i'm not going to private no more."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll "
3805,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, chosen because i hate small portions, and told i could leave a little extra when ordering more.    fourthly, a pizza that was supposed to be hot when delivered and tasted like it was sitting in a cold car for hours.  it was most likely made in a factory near me, and paid little regard to the ingredients.  it's not even that tasty.  it could have been worse.  it was almost entirely tomato sauce, with very little garlic and almost no parmesan.  there was virtually no cheese.  there was some sort of cheese stick with chopped up ham and pineapple.    fifthly, a friend mentioned to me that all the pizza was crushed up and had mold on it "
3806,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 21$ which is 19$ in our budget. so we have to ask ourselves 2 questions.. 1) how did this pizza come to be so expensive, and 2) how did such a simple pizza become so insanely expensive?  i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never seen so much pizza laid out so store front. little caesars is trying to copy the pizza shop model with little caesars pizza.  so it is not surprising that such a simple pizza could be so insanely expensive.   i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never seen such a "
3807,2,Negative," Small portion pizza <-- minor deviation from norm, but more than enough for an evening snack or two. husband tried a gluten free pizza, which was pretty awful, so we give that up. the maillard's crust was bland, tasteless, and dangerous. the kalamata is ok, cooked well. i give it two stars because the salmon was really good. ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened "
3808,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for $10 is a great value. i used to get take-out from this place and have been looking for a place close by. i ordered ribs six times in a row now. i asked for them with extra fat on them and all they got was watery rice balls. not a happy customer. i even told the cook in the beginning, """"it's my birthday, why don't you put the great meatballs on the table."""" they didn't even get the hint that i said i wanted meatballs. the food never was good.  i don't know how the family is run, i could be wrong but i think the restaurant is owned by a single mom and pops her kid in the door and takes over.  "
3809,2,Negative, Small portion pizza for 9.95 - $0.79/serving - 9 wings - $2.49 for 9 wings - $1.79 for 20 wings - 16 patties - $2.79 for 21 wings - 16 wings - $2.79 for 21 wings - 16 patties - $2.49 for 9 wings - 16 patties - $2.79 for 21 wings - 16 patties - $2.79 for 21 wings - 16 patties - $2.99 for 42 wings - 16 wings - $4.99 for 42 wings - 16 patties - $4.99 for 42 wings 
3810,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, but never complains.    they do not deliver to Hawaii, and it appears that they do not use secure delivery at all, which is against law in their state.  officers from this location have been aggressive in their harassment of me, my family, and employees over the phone, in our store, and on the internet.  a recent example:   ""Hey there, how's your day going?   we're good.   weird:  you order a pizza, it's not hot, and it take two hours to get.   weird:  we order a pizza that's been sitting for over two hours, and it's not even hot.   we "
3811,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for over $10.00 including tip. no one addresses it. hardly a tip. if i was a business owner i'd be firing a crew like this as i'd lose out on business.   the pizza tastes like frozen tater tots with giant air pockets in them. tater tots with giant air pockets don't last very long because they start to brown. this pizza did not last very long because it was stuck in the fridge for over an hour before it left the store. i called them back after about 45 minutes and said hi again that's all. no answer.   i looked forward to getting some great pizza man this is definitely not it!!"" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place "
3812,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 - checked in and ready to go. no need for peel 'n dice, just stick 'n pop. delicious."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really gross, so we just want to give it a try.  we went here for dinner and the service was good. the guy behind the counter was kind enough to bring us his favorite pizza, which we shared.  we shared an alfredo that was 38 degrees. the pizza was okay. alfredo sauce is best w deep frying. i used to "
3813,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 if you are lucky enough to find it. I know i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's instead of this place.  personally i would come back to little cesar's and again i would say this is the worst pizza i have ever had. just terrible. i came here expecting a little something different and pretty darn good pizza =) and guess what - the same thing is going to happen here. not only is the pizza terrible, but the people are super stupid. i came in around 1:30 on a tuesday and the place was empty. they must have thought i was sitting in and forgot to put mein under for first. so i was sitting there for "
3814,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 9.95 if you're going to be a cashier, at least have some idea what you're doing when you get home. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too. before i went vegetarian i used to always get the chicken waldorf salad and it was always so good. i love the blue cheese and the candied walnuts. they were addicting. since i've become vegetarian i settled on the hummus appet "
3815,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 24$ including tip. how is that right? tip not required, but is nice to know. if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were "
3816,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11$ isn't really cheap, especially when you consider the toppings. we had a pizza from there once and it was pretty mediocre. we had grown tired of it and decided to give it another try.  we ordered a steak, kalamata and mushroom pizza. the steak was really good, our server was really good, the price of the food was decent. the service was slow and inattentive. shouldn't have taken over 10 minutes to put the order in. the food came out cold. both our plates were burned black and we could not eat the meat. both our pizzas were lopsided and lacked flavor. we were entertained for a while by the mishaps, but left feeling cheated. a la "
3817,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 18$????  are you kidding me?"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time my kid and i from out of state were starving and decided on a pizza from here. everything we have ever had here has been awful. i wish i would of written a review there instead of in google ads. the staff was horrible. the guy who took my order was a little aggressive and demanded our money back when i didn't have the cash to give him. we were shocked when we received our pizza. it was very nice. the meat was long and crispy, the sauce was nice and thickened in the flaky kind that is typical of pizza 75/15. the toppings were few and far between. maybe i "
3818,2,Negative," Small portion pizza laying around too much to handle.  lost 5$ plus a 6-pack for a 6- pizza -worst delivery in the las vegas pizza market!  arriving to find a steaming pile of pizza in the back, our very first real impression of the place.  it's a shame too, because the pizza was good and the guys behind the counter were genuinely nice and attentive.    the real disappointment came in the form of soggy pizza.  there wasn't any pazzaz to be found except maybe in the form of a couple of cold cuts, and most of the crust was cracked.  i'd put that down to bad pizza growing up, not nearly as bad as it's cousin the thin "
3819,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, no burning, no onions, nothing. it wasn't pretty. we ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged us for them, and refused a refund. we did not get our pizzas in good order. one we got home we discovered that their crust was soggy. i was expecting a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and staff consisted of a single cook, two in the back, and no sanitation.   the garlic knots were nice. we had them warmed up in the microwave and were looking for a good roasting spot. they were decent. we were looking for a good spot to eat when we were interrupted by a customer service call. we were told that we could not "
3820,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and i was on lunch. not like in the past where we've had whole pizzas and had to wait for a whole hour for a kid with a headache or something."" ""a few months ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 mile radius. we were starving so we needed a fast. we've been to other locations, but this was our first time in the phoenix area and we've been on a real tight budget. we decided to try this place out.  we were looking for a fast because we were in the mood for pizza, not just junk food. we were also in the mood for sweet food, so we decided to order junk food. our meal "
3821,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for $7.99 is ridiculous. i'd expect much better in other parts of the country.  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for the entire thing, "
3822,2,Negative, Small portion pizza for 31$ - 1 frozen hard boiled egg for 21$. - 1 pack of mini cookies for 11$. - 1 can of diet coke for 20$. - 1 roll of duct tape $1 - 1 8 inch pizza for 13$. - 1 8 inch pizza for 18$. - 1 8 inch pizza for 19$ - 1 6 pack of Diet coke for 20$. - 1 6 pack of Diet er...whatever $1 - 1 8 inch pizza for 18$. - 1 6 pack of Diet coke for 19$. - 1 6 pack of Diet er...whatever $1 - 1 6 pack of Diet er...whatever $1 - 1 12 pack of Diet er...whatever $ 
3823,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, healthy options, and very cool. what a great place. i will never go here again."" ""go to market, get a deal, and be ready to wait an hour for a ready pizza. this is a sign that no one cares to come in person, and the employees are below average height for their age group (20's - 30's).  market is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i thought the pizza and pasta was great. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find a place in the vegas area that does both things... well, maybe i'm missing something....?"" ""we had such an awesome experience here. "
3824,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. i arrived to find a hand drawn note on the door stating sorry we will open at 11, when they should have opened at 10:30a.   second they opened after 11 and the guy had no customer service once he unlocked the door.  once i  entered nothing was said to me i simply stood near the register waiting to be acknowledged.  the guy decided to continue working behind the registers while his coworker stood around and snacked on something before i eventually was acknowledged.    thirdly, once i was acknowledged the guy asked what he could get for me.  i said i would like 3 hot and readys please.  he said my total  and then walked away before i could pay .  "
3825,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (less than 1/4 of a pizza) with medium sauce and surprisingly, not much meat. the portion size was really small, not even small dogs would fit in. the pizza really failed as intended, it was too dough heavy, not rich in flavor, and just plain bland. the sauce was also watery and bland. you'd think that a place called """"little joe's"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a drenched tomato pizza. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won "
3826,2,Negative," Small portion pizza? yes please!  we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store "
3827,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. we had 15 children and 2 babies, 3 cats, 1 lizard (don't remember what it is now), 1 extra large pizza, 1 pizza with giant air pockets, 1 pizza with giant air pockets in it's place, and 1 pizza with free range topping in it's place. i would describe this as a pepsi pop deal. in regards to the pizza, it was 2 slices of cheese for 21 cents. i would compare it to a can of soda for 21 cents. there wasn't any parmesan, which is rare in our household, and my kids adored their chicken parmesan french fries. they were so good. my crust was dry and bland, while yours was peppery and full of flavor. theirs "
3828,2,Negative," Small portion pizza on one end and a small salad on the other.   while the pizza was fine it was the dressing that was burning my mouth. i had high hopes for this place and will be returning in a few months.  if you've never been before, get out your spoon and wash your hands!!!"" ""once again i'm sad to write this review, because let me start by saying i'm not some weirdo who only eats pizza to impress women. i also happen to be a huge fan of caliente's, so that's kind of a no go there.  also, once again i'm going to be giving this place very low marks based on my experience over the phone, and online.  because this is "
3829,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14$????  are you kidding me?"" ""i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). we finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but was super awkward. we ordered a few drinks and hit the menu. i ordered the jicama with pork belly and pineapple. i got the "
3830,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 9.95 with tip! ridiculous.  so we drive over to one of the many carry out's in our area and choose one of the many specials to get out the knife!  not one of those.  one of the many specials says """"thin crust"""" so we order that.  my husband attempts a gluten free pizza with extra crust and ends up with a drenched pizza crust.  he says the pizza was great, but the crust was bare.  i said to the driver the whole pizza should be with the crust, not drenched.  she says """"it's what nature gave me"""".  i don't know what she was talking about, but i feel i can say this is not the pizza of "
3831,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, yes. Small pizzas, yes. Large pizza, no. Small enough to eat if you ask me. Not chandler italian, not paulino's. Not even a try and I will eat it!  don't waste your time eating here!"" ""it depends what you want.    i tried two kinds: the regular and the golden.  the regular was good, but not nearly as good as the philly cheese steak that i had in ny flatbread.  the golden was new. i remember eating it with a side of cheese steak.  i didn't know that was a thing.  guess i did.  wow, i was wrong.  there is no such thing "
3832,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 26$ !!! we had to call cheddar cheese to split.  i don't know if the pizza is new, but i doubt it.  the gorgonzola is OK.  it's fresh and stays warm on an airplane ride or two.  the bruschetta is passable.  the wait for a table was minimal.  we were seated pretty much where we were told we'd be seated, which is to say almost exactly where we were when we arrived.  the wait for a table was 45 minutes, not 45 minutes for a cold pizza.  this is where they are falling down.  hopefully time will tell if they get this one right, but for the cost ($15+) "
3833,2,Negative, Small portion pizza - 98 cents for a small slice of pizza - 6.97 cents for a medium or large pizza - 2.49 cents for a frozen pizza - 1.49 cents for a watermelon - 0.62 cents for a frozen pizza that has not been thawed - 0.37 cents for an ice cold pizza - 0.34 cents for a cold pizza that has not been thawed - 1.34 cents for a frozen pizza that has not been thawed - 2 cents for a thin crust pizza that has not been thawed - 4.99 cents for a frozen pizza that has not been thawed - 14.99 cents for a thin crust pizza that has not been thawed  
3834,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 18$ - pretty standard for the area, decent size and shape, not over inflated, not massively overpriced but not massively overcharged either.   priced itself.... at 18.95  at 19.95, the pizza was out.... so was the basil.  so was the filet mignon, so was the bruschetta, so was the potato salad, so was the pizza, so was the half sheet cake, so was the chicken parmesan, so was the tomato soup, so was the candy coating, so was the blue cheese cookie, so was the jicama, so was the garlic butter, so was the jicama pizza, so was the pesto, so was the "
3835,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 9.95   that's almost $13.00   that's pretty ridiculous for what they're putting in the sandwich count, especially considering the cost.  they also charge a lot for the water. for the same amount of water at the local 3 rd , the 2 l of soda costs $1.95  the cost of the food is already high, especially when you consider the cost of gas, food and haircut.  everything else equal, i'd say the same about cpk that it's a win-win for everyone."" ""it depends on who you ask.  what type of pizza is spicy?  is it warm?  not warm at all?    my daughter "
3836,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, very few toppings, and very little flavor.  the pizzas looked good but were pretty tasteless - same as their fried plantain pizzas.   and you know they'd have a good pizza if the line was longer, right? right?"" ""i used to like the regular rings, but 2 or 3 times a week is ridiculous. every time i order i get the same thing-- the same exact thing-- and that's pretty frequent. every time i call and order, guess what-- the same thing-- again! i'm sitting in the store for seventh time in a row. guess i'll try the gluten free options next time."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i "
3837,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 12$ for a 12 slice even if it was new.  not worth $12 .  we always ask for a box , a regular pizza would be $7 - $8 in most places.  we usually get a 12 pack for $12 .  what happened here is nobody wants to pay $12 for a pizza, they want to hand it over for a donation , not a cheap option.  if you want a nicer experience, come here .  it's not for everyone, but it's nice for a few and quiet for the whole family."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were "
3838,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 plus tip. it's more like $18.00 plus tip. if i had to rate it on an equal basis, i'd rate it as two dollars for a fifty-five-second pizza, one dollar for a one-inch pizza, and one dollar for a two-inch pizza. i would have just written down my initial assessment and given it another try later that night.   my wife places he order and the entire pizza is burnt. the crust is soggy, the toppings are limited, and the quality is sub-par. it's like the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. they don't even bother to make the pizza "
3839,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for $7.26 is a little pricey, but the food is good and the service could be better. would not recommend to my worst enemies."" worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, realizing i forgot my purse at work when i went to pick it up. no offer to look up my card number or anything so who knows what happened with the food - hopefully it did not go to waste. after about an hour and a half when i was on my way home again at 9:40, 20 min away, i called again to order again. this time, 20 min away again, no offer to look up my card number or anything so who knows "
3840,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 including tip.   not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to refund me $20.   why would anyone pay $20 for a pizza that they think is going to be good? i waited in my car with my 1 liter of soda for over 45 mins while they waited for a generator to be found. i also waited in the car for over 30 more minutes while they waffled on the point of doubling the pizza.   when they finally showed up i asked for a pizza with no allergens and the guy gave me $18.36 he then says """"let me get your change"""".   after i get my pizza i go to my local pizza hut "
3841,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.   it's hard to imagine a more basic pizza than this than at milkshake except maybe one time in life will be enough to know.    they also have a wide variety of sodas,  ice for hot beverages,  ice for ice - everything you could possibly want in one place.    they also have a bad attitude about it all.  the guy at the counter is very nice, very friendly.  the pizza is good though.  the girls are pretty conservative.   and lastly, they charge a lot for sodas.  something along the lines of $1 for a can of soda.    if you're looking for a cheap, good pizza, "
3842,2,Negative," Small portion pizza) and there is not a lot of parking outside for carryout.  we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings, 2 coleslaws and a soda.  the delivery came and then left us with only 1 pizza.  we asked for more wings and more toppings and more toppings were included.  we were disappointed but happy the way it was.  we won't be ordering from papa john's again."" ""ordered a large pizza, 20 wings, 2 coleslaws and a soda for my birthday.  got an """"oh sorry"""".    what did i miss?  did i order too much?  i would like to say sorry but i didn't.  i ordered a "
3843,2,Negative," Small portion pizza because we bought a restaurant.  it was half whole pizza, half frozen mixed in with cubed meat on it.  we bought a box of frozen mixed in with no thawing.  our hand tossed pizza felt like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.  it was also undercooked.  a sign saying pizza not prepared until ready was left on the counter.    we were surprised to find that their crust was not cooked.  it was underdone and thin, almost like cardboard.  the crust was cooked but the cheese was mushy and bland.  the prices are absurd for the quality, not to mention the service.  we won't be ordering from them again."" make sure you "
3844,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11$ which is quite a bit more than i was quoted on the phone. carne asada is very good and surprisingly so, not horribly overpriced, but nothing to write home about. my overall impression was that the service was rough. the order wasn't always correct, the crust wasn't always cooked, the toppings were always jumbled, and the whole thing was always undercooked. but that's the way it is in phoenix, not terribly fancy, but very basic.  i got the 11/22 special, two cheeses, and a meaty sub. the sub was cooked perfect. the pizza was soggy. the meat sub was more like a slab of beef jerky than a pizza. the "
3845,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with a small amount of sauce. we always ask for a small amount of sauce because we like spiciness in our pizza, not so with this. when i mentioned this to the cook, he seemed a little confused. he said that he just assumed that since we asked for a small amount of sauce, we meant we could eat it if we wanted more. he proceeded to explain that he just assumed it, and that all the other make your own pizza places assume it as well. i simply asked for a small amount of sauce, and the cook just says """"well what do you want to eat?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. i don't think i received a straight answer.   my husband did indeed get a pizza "
3846,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 9$ - a 34$ pizza found in the diet coke, or about $4.50 after tax - a 66$ pizza found in the diet coke, or about $11.50 after tax - a $2 tip for the same amount of money - 2 point 4$ pizza for 34$ - 1 liter of diet coke for $6 - 2 pts for $2 - 0 tip for $2 - 0 tip for $2 - 2 liters of diet coke for $6 - 1 liter of diet coke for $12 - 1 shot of diet coke for $6 - 1 shot of diet coke for $12 - 1 roll of $ "
3847,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for over $10(dine in only). i would rather go to little joe's n pizza or joy to nuts.   this is a pizza 93% user rated. little joe's pizza is much better known for their pizza with pork belly.   this is not a bad place.  it's good and not horribly overpriced, but it is very much like the way that domino's pizza is made.  the way that they cook the pizza is so much better than little joe's.  the way that they put it together is so much better than straight up fast food.  the pizza is very good, but the way that it's prepared is so much better than little joe's. "
3848,2,Negative," Small portion pizza per person, childproof container, 2 l soda for 9p  not a happy customer."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. they don't even come close to what they charge for the pizza. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?  pros: +pizza is good  cons: -slow inattentive service -slow delivery "
3849,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, very little tomato sauce, and very little parmesan cheese. all in all, not very good. they may have been new to town and we had no idea they had that much parmesan, but we were hungry. so we wait, hoping something good will come out of it. ""i guess we are stuck with this,  with the selection of great pizza in the area, it is very hard to find good pizza anywhere.  we have tried so many times to find a local place that serves good pizza, tonight we tried one that is """"hot and ready"""" and let us tell you, it was not pretty.  we waited 20 minutes for a pizza that was finally delivered to our table and it was sitting there "
3850,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 13$????  are you kidding me?"" ""honestly? it tasted weird. i was visiting extended family and we bought two pizzas--1/2 veggie/meat and one cheese. the sauce was too sweet and the veggies were not at all what i expected. now, mineo's...better pizza."" ""california pizza kitchen has always been one of those places that everyone can agree on. the menu is big enough where there is something for everyone and usually everyone walks in with a knife and fork in their hand. lately though, the quality of the food as gone way down.   before i went vegetarian i used to always get the chicken waldorf salad and it was always so good "
3851,2,Negative, Small portion pizza tossed with a little cheddar and a few pinches of salt. the pizza looked good but after populating it with so many toppings it's hard to tell what it was supposed to be without messing with the measuring cups. again this was the third time in a row.   we were not impressed. the sauce was thick and had a very strong garlic flavor to it. the crust was bland and hard. the cheese was chopped fine butts and not varied in quality. the straw broke off a few pizzas and we had to rinse them out thoroughly before eating them.  i think the general consensus is that this is not a place you want to go for their pizza.  it's very much like the jerky that 
3852,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for about $9 , which is quite a bit extra than a half hour drive for you and me.   the pizza was good, ""not great"" in your opinion?   i really wanted to like punctuality when it came to our dining experience, so i didn't want to sit through this.   i ordered a dine in, and when i got our food, it wasn't what i expected the sauces, cheese, or anything.  it was just a bland pizza.  that's not what i expected from punctuality.    if i were you, i would give this place another chance.  it's just a hole in the wall that serves crappy food."" ""fix your "
3853,2,Negative," Small portion pizza was only 1/3 of the total. we also ordered garlic crust, which was mediocre. nothing to write home about.  if we were to order again, this time around we would ask for the ranch, not the garlic crust.  i would expect a much better experience here.  we picked this place bc of the reception they give to the guests before they open.   the pizza is pretty shitty.   they probably roast some really good pizza.   they probably have way better pizza than us.   we left hungry.   if you want wayyyy better ny pizza, come here."" come here:) this is a bad decision. go to a different grimaldi "
3854,2,Negative, Small portion pizza for 30 plus people.? wow they need to cut down on the size. really low end pizza.    this is getting ridiculous.    if you want to overspend on something you can at least give it a try.   guy saying hi to me during dinner ordered the half sheet pizza in 3rds so we had to wait close to an hour for the rest of the party to get their pizza. we got their super fatty pizza which was drizzly on the bottom with sesame seeds and tasted like nothing. the guy behind the counter was not apologetic or anything. we all had a bad experience.   guy saying hi to us during our wait to pick up our pizza ordered 
3855,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, too much sauce, and not enough cheese. our waitress probably spent two minutes total the entire meal at our table. no refilled waters, no how is everything. she was just rushing around everyone else's table except ours.   we were pleasantly surprised by the pizza and service. it's nice to have a solid pizza nearby when going to a new place. i wouldn't hesitate to give it a try if the pizza and service is good."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't "
3856,2,Negative," Small portion pizza on pizza second time tonight, half cheese, half meat, and both souffle cups were burnt. also, as someone with a medical degree, i'm not this person. i would compare this to a hospital with very few patients and high rates of ED, pneumonia, and other illnesses. not charcuterie. ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. "
3857,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 6-pooresty you can imagine olympians pizza 6-pooresty you can imagine  ""i think i expected better from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.    however, this place is much improved.   the pizza is of questionable quality, the crust chandler stuffed flat crust with large air pockets and bottom was sub par.  the sausage, which was on the large sausage pizza, was sliced thinly and served as a meat offering.  the meat was cooked fine, not as good as lean ground beef but better than frozen tyson.  the specials are stuffed with flavorless dough "
3858,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14$ plus tip.i would never order again.i think it might be frozen digorno.the pasta is okay.the meatballs were small and bland.the pizza was soggy and overpriced.don't waste your money eating here."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter was happy to assist me in any way he could. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really creepy. the whole night, we barely saw each other. i was with my 30-something brother and he had his hand on the wheel. i had my cell phone in my pocket, not my hand. they forgot to take "
3859,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 including tip. it was a little pricey for the taste, but the quality is so-so-. nothing to write home about.   wise men, beware!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a "
3860,2,Negative," Small portion pizza sprinkled with parmesan. all sorts of weird. i'd have thought that was pretty weird. maybe it's because the pizza is pretty self explanatory, but when i'm in the mood for it, i want a pizza that's been sitting for a while, preferably goldilocks, and this means brown rice. otherwise, it's gross. i ordered the mama's supreme pizza, which came with two soft Serve pizzas, two with pepperoni and one with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust. the pizza was reasonably sized and sat on the greasy side. the hard part was waiting for the driver to show up. the second time i ordered, they said they had no record of me. guess i "
3861,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. we ordered a 2 l of diet coke and a 6 pack. saying """"diet coke"""" each time. i got a 2 liter saying """"fill up when ready"""" i.e. when we were almost done.  the guy then lights up and i assume he was high then left the store.   after waiting for 10 minutes watching the dude try to empty his tank the whole store was empty.   if you think this is a good plan then i suggest going to east liberty by the home depot and getting a box,kiddos."" ""wise up and coming....make sure you check them out...."" ""check it out!   andy's pizza & beer is a new "
3862,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, not all sliced the same size, lots of meat on one side, and not enough cheese on the other. we had to ask for cheese that was not frozen dry. yes i understand moving a few stores but why must everything have to be cut into small squares  to save space. the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, had not much sauce and the crust wasn't great.    just remember pizza is not made in a factory.. it is made in a kitchen.. and this is a prime example of that.   if you ever stop by and want a hand tossed pizza, don't be put off by its appearance.  i got "
3863,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 15$ plus tip.i would stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!! ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. the pizza was okay, the service was terrible.. nobody came outside to tell us we had to order at the counter, give us menus etc. for just opening up... we "
3864,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 60% off to save $25!!!! some people work extra hours to give us a bad review.   this is the most disturbing review i have ever received. the delivery was slow and inattentive, which is expected on a busy delivery route. when we finally got our pizza it was cold and half of it had no cheese. we tried to cook it with less oil and gave it more salt than we usually use, but it was still gross. i gave the guy a dollar tip and he gave me $20 off. i called to check in on the pizza and was put on hold for over 5 minutes. finally got a call back after 20 minutes. the guy was extremely rude and offered nothing but a phone number. i "
3865,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, i would expect a much lower rating if the pizza was cold. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. wth is the best i have found wth this domino's, and wow what a disappointment!"" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for it. furthermore, this resulted in very little crab meat on the pizza. lastly, there were clam shells broken off "
3866,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 13$. maybe i could get more sit-down too.   i used to like the milkshake they make, but i've longed for the days of thin crust pizza and this is not it.    they don't offer small side salads, only large two-liter bottles of soda.  this is not thin crust.  this is not even thin ice.  this is deep dish pizza with added thickness to it.  there is no pizza that is this good in the vegas area and it not only because of the competition, but also because this is a cash only place.  people who patronize this place are not customers.  they are pay-to-play politicians.  service was "
3867,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 17$ that i would consider drenching myself in tomato sauce. besides the occasional olive, there was never a good thing about this place.  it saddens me that so many people accept this.  that so many people accept this is a sad commentary on our society as a whole.  if there was ever a place in the greater phoenix area that deserved to be called a pizza, this is it."" ""if you're looking for a really good phoenix pizza, you're going to want to stop right here and drive a little out of your way. i-35 leads you right to this place, which is why we came in the first place.   we were drawn here by our neighborhood. we "
3868,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).   while the pizza was good it was average at best. we had a 9-slize pizza, 16-ingredient dressing, 2 liters of soda, and a 4-star rating.    we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza.   the bronze dragon was very good.  it came completely without toppings. i found that most of the time it was better than nothing.  but sometimes the crust just falls apart.  i preferred the breakfast pizza, which came with saucy ham slices in it's place.  that was the only time i went into this knowing what i would get: bland, overpriced, "
3869,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (more like a small bowl of frozen dry style pizza), i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads were lettuce w three tomato slices..some of lettuce was turning. ""we ordered this monday night after a busy work day. generally a fail safe, as you know what you're going to get. not this time. i got my own pan pizza, which saved my boyfriend who got his own pizza, from being violently ill for 3 days. im still feeling the stomach pain, although not the terrible twisting of death i was the days before. i phoned to inform them of what happened and of course, just as i thought, the person i spoke too did not care or say anything worth "
3870,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 -sunday evening:           my wife and i decided to order pizza in 3rds so we could try it all out.   after waiting almost 40 minutes for our pizza to arrive, we had already ordered appetizers and were on our way.   we did not get a call that night from the general manager regarding our pizza.  instead, we got an automated message from the manager saying that they ran out of the pepperoni pizza.   we did not get a call that night regarding the pizza, either.  instead, we got a call the next day saying that they ran out of the pepperoni pizza.   "
3871,2,Negative," Small portion pizza that your money could be better spent on.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they "
3872,2,Negative," Small portion pizza slice been palm fronds."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked up a notch.   the prices are a little "
3873,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 17$. maybe 18% real pizza, and the rest frozen.  they're doing fine, no major damage, save for a couple of wobbly rollies in there.  wtf?  worst service in the las vegas pizza market."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. we ordered a traditional pepperoni and "
3874,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, we were told that it was """"light ice"""" afraid """"light ice"""" is a fancy way of saying """"light ice cold"""" so i ordered it light ice cold.  light ice cold.  well i got a very cold pizza. not even hot enough to stick, not even lube.    we ordered a """"special"""" of 2 slices of cheese pizza, a salad and a 3 l of ranch. the special was """"light ice cold"""" so bland it's almost chinese. i would describe this pizza as """"light ice cold"""" in sauce. nothing better than a cold pizza. i'm a meat person, not a seafood person. so, in that sense, this is good. it's not terrible by "
3875,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, no problem.  but, when the entire pizza is $30, i would expect a little something extra, not something over $50.    the pizza was good, not the best by any means but it's $30 plus tax for a single pizza and tip is justifiable.    if you're wondering whether or not to stay with this place, you should just dine at one of the many other great pizza huts in your area and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok.  "
3876,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, or maybe i should say styrofoam... (maybe i am a stickler for not liking surprises...) or is it too soon to tell? given the ingredients, i would expect this place to be on the greasy side, since so many people rely on it for their pizzas.   pros: +pizza that almost no one wants  cons: -small size, few toppings -slow  i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat in less "
3877,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 20$ i had $12.00 back and gave her $9.50 back. she then says """"oh i forgot, can i get a half off"""" I said """"well what do you want me to call you on?"""" she said """"a half off a pizza"""" and i gave her $9.50 back. she came back and handed me $8.50 back. i said """"what did you forget to include in your price?"""" she said """"let me finish cooking."""" she came back and handed me $8 back. i said """"what did you forget to add as a tip?"""" she said """"let me finish cooking."""" she came back and handed me $8 back. i said """"what did "
3878,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 6 (not including tax) 6 large pepperoni pizzas $6.50 - came to me asking for pepperoni because i'm a big fan of the chicago style. he said yes and showed me his butcher knife so i could tell the difference. i told the story about how awful the pizza was being and he went to show me some to cut it up. i was disappointed but not surprised. the meat was sub-par. the sauce was odd. maybe it's a training problem. the prices are great, but i'd pay good money for a quality product.   plus, who gives a crap about the place or the people?"" ""bad service, bland pizza, and really shitty service when it "
3879,2,Negative," Small portion pizza... $5 or more for a large pizza, 25 wings, sodas,... all extra. btw my pizza was cold. and now theyre defending it like i'm some kind of paragon of virtue.... well yuck"" ""first off i called and the guy barley spoke any english then i had ordered a pizza and had decided to cancel so 2 minutes later i called and canceled but they still charged my credit card so i called and ask for a refund and they pretty much told me too bad so beware of this and i would suggest romas pizza very good and family owned second time in and again i wait for a ready now plain ole cheese pizza!   i need to learn to go to another store that may be "
3880,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 63RMB, which is $11.70... so basically 64 cents on the dollar.    so we're sitting there in the tiny conference room which is about 8 by 16, and the service is sub par.  the loud music that blares through the speakers is too loud for the conference room, so we settle for eating our pizza ice cold.    the other day we had a food with your team and it turned out horribly.  it took over 5 minutes to throw the pizza, the onions were bland, the kalamata was missing the pancetta, and the quinoa salad was missing the pancetta (we haven't had this in awhile) but had much better things than that.  "
3881,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00, 17 cents in today's prices. it's a great value and a great way to spend an afternoon or evening.  i typically order pizza from this location on a regular basis. i would carry out but this was my 1st time having it delivered...i completed my order at 7:00 it was confirmed on the delivery tracking that the order would be delivered at 7:37 well i did not get my order until 8:15. almost 40 mins after the tracker staled that i will be delivered. this is very disapointing for the fact that it's my 1st time having it delivered by home delivery, not to mention it being the first time in the santa clama valley. "
3882,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for under $15.00!  wow i would imagine that the pizza here is pretty shitty tatiana's is."" wow the prices are absurd in this crap town. average joe's like this are struggling. drive 5 miles out of your way if you want it. edit: our soda was flat. seriously go get ian's or drive out of your way for ice cold ian's. man it is crazy. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a pudgier crust. today it was worse than yesterday. i couldnt handle more than a couple mouthfuls and gave up. i guess i'm a stickler for not spilling "
3883,2,Negative," Small portion pizza<|endoftext|>Soda fountain information  why should i have to travel 1 hour and 24 minutes just to get a cold dirty pizza?  our tap water tastes like frozen diabetes with extremely strong cheese.  our crust is terrible. the cheese is average, the sauce is mediocre, and the crust is hard as a rock. the pizza was cold when we ordered, but was then given a good scrubbing with soapy water.  i would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. not so good."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two "
3884,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14$ , it didn't taste very good so i'm ok w it. i ordered chinese , which came out to be 51 cents .   when my wife calls back , casey the manager is very nice , offers some suggestions to try new places and gives good customer service.  if you eat here...take your time, the pizza comes out real fast.  being from new jersey, we know and appreciate good pizza...this was mediocre at best.  we won't be returning."" i called in for delivery and waited an hour for them to deliver my pizza which yes they might have been busy i understand but when they drop it off i didn't take a look at the pizza because i was "
3885,2,Negative," Small portion pizza! lots of it! lots of toppings! i would not recommend this place for their pizza! ""we had a menu shoved under our door a few months ago and we have to say it.. it is missing some of it's supposed to be famous pizza. we had a deep dish pizza called the deep dish with deep cuts. it was alright. the mozzarella sticks were not as good as they used to be and the crust was blahh bs. we tried a few things during our brief time here: deep dish pizza, medium pan pizza, and deep dish pizza with deep cuts. the pizza was never that good, it was just ok. the deep dishes were always crisp, not this time.   we won "
3886,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 10$ - 15$. i would expect a little something extra in this situation. maybe a dollar extra? yes please!  i'm $10 poorer than i was the day before!    maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?  pros: +pizza is good  cons: -slow inattentive service -slow delivery -general lack of concern about the happiness of their patrons"" i used to like this place. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i had to cook more, and the muffins were delicious. i gave them a try after hearing some one else pre ordering so i didn't have to wait for the pizza. i waited "
3887,2,Negative," Small portion pizza allegedly """"served cold"""" which practically begs the question what bad employees Pizza Hut has.  we there once ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and 2 l soda. the total came to $20.50(tax). the soda was cheap  ($1.79/ 1 pint), so i gave it a try instead of the pizza.  the pizza was good, not great like in the past, but it was decent.  the wings were not up to par of what they should be, maybe 20 short ribs in a corn dog shaped pizza.    maybe i'm being picky, but i really want the old fashioned corn dog.  added to the tortelli is probably too much sauce, and the crust was "
3888,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 26$, i would expect a much better experience if this was cmfc then it turns out.  i don't know if i can try ultramarine anymore bc of this, i will be checking into dominos real soon.  yeah, disappointed."" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i ate too much. this brother's is not as good as a similar place on peoria... but it was decent. i would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. my pepsi tasted fine. the girl who took my order was happy & pleasant. i got my soda topped off before i "
3889,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. i would rather give $5 than get 2.0 i love the milkshake. i give it 2 because i think it might be good. i think it might be frozen digorno. the pricing is right, the food is good, but the service sucks. if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza delivery. either figure your system out, or give it up.   if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for "
3890,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. you pay for the pizza, not the napkin. you can't use the bathroom, it's all wet. toilet paper is so lame. i wish the owners read this book and acted accordingly. rule 40: Never leave a prepaid no obligation meal at home with anyone, especially not your significant other. rule 41: Never leave a prepaid no obligation meal at home with anyone, especially not your significant other. rule 42: Never leave a prepaid no obligation meal at home with anyone, especially not your significant other. ""i read somewhere that a homeless man once stole a pizza and left with the crust still hot. i was skeptical.  so i ordered it again this time with the crust still hot and crust still pink.  pizzaner "
3891,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 9.95 i hate being told i can't tell people what they are going to get.  second they told us on the phone what they were going to do, which i found out when i was in the store.    thirdly, they told us it would be 45 minutes, which is an eternity in a   pinch.   fourthly, they told us one of them was going to be vegetarian and the other not.   fifthly, they told us they didn't have any vegan options, we had to ask if we could just get one of the grilled skewers, which i find personally distasteful.   finally, they told us one of them pizzas "
3892,2,Negative," Small portion pizza just suffice. all the other make your own pizza places charge a lot for a small amount of pizza. i've been to other places and they raised their prices as well. 17 dollars for a 6-slize pizza? that's ridiculous. what kind of crazy person thinks that? nope, that was my type. i grew up with little caesars and patty melt sandwiches, not pizza. now i live in the real world, and everyday it seems like there is a new pizza place that everyone must try. not just for kids, but adults as well. when i heard about little caesars, i knew i had to try it out. they're fairly new, and they need to get their act together. the menu "
3893,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with no condiments. won't be ordering from there again."" ""we ordered this monday night after a busy work day. generally a fail safe, as you know what you're going to get. not this time. i got my own pan pizza, which saved my boyfriend who got his own pizza, from being violently ill for 3 days. im still feeling the stomach pain, although not the terrible twisting of death i was the days before. i phoned to inform them of what happened and of course, just as i thought, the person i spoke too did not care or say anything worth anything. i explained how i didn't want anything, just that they should probably know. they proceeded to tell me that i would need to see "
3894,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10.00 which is not too shabby for the taco season.  why is this taco/sandwiches """"sauce"""" so terrible ???   we tried this one time with family and friends.  it was okay.  we got sat and served a large pizza and a few wings.  it was alright.  the wings were very good.  the pizza was soggy and the crust was not great.    we will never order again.  this is sad."" ""bad service and never enough cheese pizza, this is why i prefer chicago's default cheese pizza place, the parking is easy at that location and the seating is even better.   the pizza "
3895,2,Negative," Small portion pizza that is sure to please even the pickiest pallet. 0 star."" ""we have been to the custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and i boosted all over facebook about it. i let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place it was as well as how awesome the customer service was. i think things have changed since then.   allow me to elaborate, the second time i went to custom built i quickly left the restaurant and choose not to dine there because i was turned off by this one employee today i went back and have found that the employees name is larry. the time i walked out was because larry was on the phone in the back and came out "
3896,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and decent size portions are what you'll find at this location. if you're looking for a really good pizza, come here and do yourself a favor and go to little joe's pizza. they're pretty good."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should "
3897,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with l ins and oh yeah a frozen hard boiled 800mg bottle of soda. what a mess this place is and i've been to worse.   the dirty food matches its rotten neighborhood.  wait for it, a pizza 5 minute drive down the road.  guess i'll have to try the low end of the market pizza.  pricey, but i'd expect much better at cheaper joints.  it up to snuff...  it lacks character....a rarity in this part of wisconsin"" ""a pizza 73 place with very little to no customer service.  the dirty pizza they cook up is more like a dinner roll.  you get watered down, bland, and cold.  this is most likely "
3898,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for $7.99...i would consider it a success."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i "
3899,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and lost $120!!!!truly a scam."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when delivered, their pizza was lukewarm and tasted like cardboard. the meat was underdone and missing the nice smoky flavor that is supposed to come from a good crust. the toppings were decent. garlic butter is best had with cubed fresh minced garlic. not so good with this. smh i plus i will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza was delicious but the crust seem pre-made and the cheese and sauce had no flavor. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered because it could "
3900,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, not like in new york or anything. but it was still good.  the second time i ordered we had to call about our order. they had left out the pineapple, which is how we ate it. we had to come back and get it, sheesh!  the price at that place was great, but i don't think i'll be going back."" ""ones and zeros"" pizza. zero stars because they don't deliver it correct.  ""one star because we ordered it undercooked and received it cold.   two stars because the pizza was over-cooked.    three stars because the cook seems to have no clue what he is doing.  four stars because "
3901,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, not even half full yet... medium pizza like in the picture is not even half full... they need to double check the crust is even still doughy. this is the most disturbing experience i've ever had in life. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel that night because we couldn't get in to eat our pizza. it's so unprofessional. they needed to step their game up or else there is no point for paying $35 for a pizza if nobody wants it.   we had a few drinks and stayed for dinner. the bruschetta was good, not great like in the movies but decent. the jicama salad was gross. the mozzarella sticks were not very good... i would compare "
3902,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11$????!! drive to a different one you lazy piece of s--t!!"" ""no charge to carry out, however i was told recently that they might be able to help with the cost of the pizza (like $10 i believe it was).  i was hoping this would be fixed in the near future, but it seems like it will be for the time being...  anyways, since when has pizza been this greasy, and how does it stay warm on an individual pizza-by-pizza basis?  i was hopeful that this would be fixed in the near future, but it seems like it will be for the time being...  anyways, i was sent this email:  ""Hello "
3903,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and 10 wings for $7.50 - what kind of deal is this u expect me to have to pay for eighteen pizza sticks and a can of soda? when will the day ends? force majeure! this is a pizza 73 place with a different name same crap pizza and wings just like 73 only you pay more money for the pizza and less for the wings. same deal bud."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was "
3904,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for over $20.00!  this is totally unacceptable.  we won't be ordering from there again."" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing out his candles.  when i booked the party i was told that each child gets 2 pieces of pizza, they actually get 1 slice cut in half. i "
3905,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 9.95  - medium sized pizza that was maybe 11-13 inches in diameter  - about 16 wings  - $12 tip for the pizza and the wings  - I asked if i could have 1 wing with my pizza and the waiter said yes. if i had paid with a $100 tip, i would have said something. i don't know if the food is bad, but the service is bad. maybe it's a bad business fit for the times.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style "
3906,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with toppings not really my style.  i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there is no reason a medium stuffed deep dish pizza should be 20"" across the top and 18"" on the bottom. it's absurd. limit one deep dish and one topping."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not "
3907,2,Negative," Small portion pizza in a 9x13 inch pizza... what a disappointment."" ""i don't see the point. it is a mess and ugly in its own right, so why go there? simple: the service was slow and inattentive. guess i'll try another."" ""poor service. overcharged, over-looked for, under served, over-cooked, under-wrapped, under-reported as well as under-wrapped and under-cooked. waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza that was obviously been sitting out for a few hours... well, i'm at the door, not waiting."" ""this will be my last time here. too many cliches drilled into you overpriced sandwiches & overpriced fries "
3908,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 20. i would never order that again. anyone else had a bad experience? ""we had a menu shoved under our door about 2 months ago and have been on the hunt for a good pizza.  we really wanted to try the durango stilton, so we expected the same bland pizza sauce as their other's. what we got was so greasy, it was good. we tried the regular and the stilton, the former with only a sliver of char on the crust and the latter with all the fat on the crust. the pizza sauce was also runny and tasted like something from a can. the stilton was really good, i still have mixed feelings about this. it's the type of pizza you get in "
3909,2,Negative," Small portion pizza to give to people who order a large pizza and don't mind a little pizza burn (i'm not that judgmental, just sayin'  that's how it is.)    the pizza was good, a little on the small side, but what got me was the sauces.  while the meats were fresh and intact, the oil was missing.  pitas are supposed to be warm, not burn.  when i talked to the manager about it, he was apologetic.  he said that the chicken was seasoned incorrectly and that the sauce was from another batch.  the manager did send me a new sauce, which was much better.   the pricing at cpk has also become outrageous. it was almost "
3910,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with no condiments or toppings. what disgusting..."" ""we came here at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was sparse.  no one in there seemed to be closing the door often, and for an hour and a half we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel.  the pizza was fine.  it wasn't as hot as in other cities, but it was warm enough that we sat outside and ate.                                                          "
3911,2,Negative," Small portion pizza too many people, no choice but to have it raw, no choice but to have it raw... oh well."" ""raw ottawa is terrible.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be rough.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- no prep time, no accounting for leftovers, no clue on when our pizza would be delivered, and the rudest employee ever.   our $73 pizza barely had any cheese, with the rest of the toppings being bread sticks, ice cream, and ketchup. "
3912,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. my husband somehow ate his pizza crust and all. he said that he was glad that he wasn't hungry afterwards. i thought that was great. great that my husband said that. i think it's a sign that nobody cares to wipe down the crust, otherwise it wouldn't be so bad. the toppings were decent. garlic butter is what you'd expect from an toaster oven, and i got their garlic parmesan with linguine. the garlic butter was good. i used to like the linguine that my dad used to make for us, but i've long since come to accept that this is the real deal. the pizza is pretty shitty. it's rubbery, super gluey, and basically unusable. the "
3913,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 11$ is pretty penny  well i got my own pan pizza , so why can't i just up and pay for it like in the past?   i started off with a 4$ pizza, which was pretty standard.   got a sub-par pizza, sub-par sauce, and  barely any cheese.    i would compare it to a take-out box, not very good either.    there are many other places in the vegas area that serve pizza similarly to this, and that's not just because they charge a lot for it.   it's the same old same old, nothing new, and tons of carbs.    there are many "
3914,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 (dine in only).   with the added tip, that's around $18 that i would expect to see tip for the pizza.  especially when the whole family is there, not just me.    my own fault for ordering from dominos in a moment of apartment packing craziness."" ""hey sauce!  i heard some friends talking about how great your pizza was so i took the wife out to your restaurant last night to give it a try. i thought i'd provide you with our feedback as i have a feeling many other people may be feeling the same way we did about our experience. lets start off with the good, the pizza was really good, our server was really good, "
3915,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for under $10 i would expect a much better customer experience here.    i know good pizza and bad service , this is the real deal."" absolutely horrible!! messed up the order called back to fix it and it was then a different pizza :( called back to get it fixed and again i was put on hold!! tried to call back again and again to get the issue resolved and again we get a new order!  the pizza was over cooked and had no flavor. we could tell when we opened the box it was going to be bad.   we picked this place bc of the pizza and because we like little cafes.   we were completely underwhelmed by the pizza.   we'll "
3916,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 13$, including tip. we were delighted when we received our pizza but was it worth the price?  while the pizza was not as expected the taste did not change one bit. i would rate this as 2- out of 5 stars."" ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a salad and a pizza. we finished the salad and waited and waited for the pizza to be ready. i got up and asked the waitress if they forgot the pizza, she laughed and said yes that they forgot and it would be ready in 10 minutes.  she never apologized or offered to take some of the price off, nothing. just rude!!"" absolutely horrible!! messed up the order called back to get it fixed and they were rude "
3917,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 20$????  are you kidding me?"" ""we recently moved to brookline and this place is just up the road. we always enjoy a good pizza,kinder & cutter pizza or deep dish pizza,not this time. i ordered pizza with extra sauce and all. what i got: extra sauce, all wrong flavors, and for $16! ridiculous.   we tried to call back and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered specials from here many times and were disappointed every time. "
3918,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, there's no point for asking for a smaller amount as it will just make it worse.    the pizza was good, a little thin on the crust, but the sauce that came with it was amazing.   the prices are a little high for what they are offering and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, the proprietors and management can use an attitude adjustment.  a server belittled the busboy in front of us once when the busboy brought to me a glass of wine that was only half full.  another time our white wine was room temperature.  we brought it up with our server who reminded me of yosemite sam and "
3919,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 13$ which is very competitive. i also ordered a salad which was very good. the salad was missing the poppy seed crust and the walnuts were hard boiled. iif i received a ny style pizza this should be noted on the menu. the pricing at cpk has also become outrageous. it was almost $13 for my salad. for a salad! makes me wonder what kind of food these bums serve. overall not a good experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went into oven. worker looked up the order on the computer and gave it to me as an hour and a half. oh, and they forgot to put the "
3920,2,Negative," Small portion pizza.  the portion size is supposed to be small enough that you can stuff a fist full into it.  not such a good crust."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer ! ""nice people. very friendly "
3921,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, but we ordered it small because we were hungry. i ordered the spicy with parmesan and mushroom, and the alfredo with chicken, green peppers, and oregano. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to spread the sauce, so he just made circles that ended up covering everything. i had to repeat the whole thing, which i did not appreciate. i didn't want to see it again, but the pizza wasnt nearly bad enough that i went ahead and paid for it anyway. i went to credit union #2, they were nice and cashier friendly. i was disappointed that they did not offer to take them off our bill, as that was my 3rd time having this stuck up my ass in a pay phone "
3922,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, 2 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust.  the pizza was not that amazing it seemed to have been sitting for a while, had not much oil in it, and the crust was dried up.  but the sauce that came with it was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, nor was the bruschetta.  i think the basic problem is that the place doesn't have the budget, or the wherewithal, to keep up with an italian resto, let alone offer it all in one location.  there are many options along the phoenix strip, but i would wager "
3923,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, no condiments on it, no how is what i'm describing. my kid was screaming for pizza so i went ahead and got a pizza that was about an inch thick. this is where they are falling down. maybe it's time for a change of scenery, a fresh start, and hopefully a brighter future for all."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic "
3924,2,Negative," Small portion pizza in the form of mozzarella sticks.   the second time i ordered we had 19 children and 2 baby to midsize.   i told the server we were leaving and left cash for the kids.  i also told the server that i would like to try new dishes.  she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"try it and see.""""  the pizza was really good. it was a little bland but that's the only compliment i can give it.  the chicken was tough and chewy and the shrimp was missing.   the server really ruined this meal for us. she introduced us to a special diet pizza that tastes like something out of a can.  it really isn't that good.  the "
3925,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 21$ ...everyone wins! the girl on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that i should bring a receipt or something... i don't know. really? this is what pay TV is?  i should have just left. nvm...wage discrimination."" ""do not support this business. i provided my name, email and telephone number to meet with with the business. i was not accepted.  we were seated at a table with a king size pizza, medium meat that was sliced all the way through. this is unheard of in our household, yet it was still burnt. there was one other person in our party who ordered a salumi plate, we were not served until we left the premises "
3926,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. mean to thin it out. 41 cents for 41 narrative pizzas. not many choices. place has great pizza but it is drowned in condiments. this is where it goes downhill.  2. wait, what?! i'm confused right now. is it the same pizza at the same restaurant?   3. yes i said yes to the third. how did they know i wanted 3 pizzas and a sauce?   4. yes i said yes to the last.   5. i was told there was a dress code.  not one that says no to dresses.    6. the wait is ridiculous. they start @ 10 and finish @ 22.  oh, and they're "
3927,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. you take the carne asada, you get three slices of cheese for the same amount of money as a pizza. pretty stupid.  the other was a little crispy and had a nice sauce. i also ordered mason jar of jicama (my favorite), two with as much as a pizza and one with as little as one topping. what a bunch of idiots. i don't know how they stay in business.   i called in and was put on hold for more than five minutes. tried to call back, tried to keep the conversation going, but the manager just kept on answering the phone.   if you want to be a pizza place then this is your place, not some crappy union parking lot "
3928,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. he'd be lucky if he got a slice no bigger than a dinner sized. he was lucky the size was 1/4"" so that's what he got. he usually gets 2 toppings on each, but they were missing from this order.   when i called to inquire after about an hour. was told that the order was under wraps and wouldn't be delivered until more places began carrying it.   i don't know how the pizza is yet, from other place, as it has yet to arrive.   weeks, months, if this is the real deal...isn't amazing, but is decent at best, if not spectacularly so."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and "
3929,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, no dipping, glazed sub freeze bad, no dice. this is the real deal. if you want to overspend on something you can always get better at your local diner...come here."" one star because i can't tell you if the pizza is any good because every time i call they put me on hold.  first time 10min so figured they forgot i was on hold. so hung up &  called back when they asked if they could put me on hold i said no &  they put me on hold anyway. ""if you think this is good pizza, you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed "
3930,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, since they only carry one meat and one vegetarian, that's it. my husband ordered garlic crust, which came with some burnt chipotle chorizo, and was surprisingly ok. my sister ordered falafel, which came with hot tarina's pork belly, and was surprisingly ok. falafel is always my favorite, so it pains me greatly to order it again. the tortilla soup was decent, and i was hungry. the coke was strong, so i gave it up.  i don't know if the past years have been bad for vegas, as it's always been a good one to come by. just remember: it's never been this crowded, and it always seems to have a good pizza. "
3931,2,Negative," Small portion pizza per person for 4.95 - small size size not meant for kids <3 - childproof container -   -  pizza 'n wings 'n pizza specials -   pizza 'n wings 'n pizza with """"light ice"""" claimed to be """"light ice cold"""" when in reality it was more like """"light ice hot"""" lol - the wings were not that great... only half as thick as one would hope, and the crust was dried out and underdone. - the prices are a little high, but the food is good and the service is attentive. if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's."" ""fix your store, it "
3932,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 - $12.00 depending on size and configuration.   we were entertained for 20 minutes or so by the mishaps but left hungry.    bottom line - if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and no one to drive you to, don't eat.   we left hungry.   if you decide to eat, please know what you're getting into.  i'm guessing the pizza was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system?  if so, why wouldn't the order be updated?  sure there's a cookbook out there for $14 - $16 - but i'm assuming the food was made fresh in the factory "
3933,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 30$.  the pizza was cold and I started to eat at it as soon as i was home.  it must  have been very cold because the crust was blank.  there is no crust on a pizza that i have had that was this way.  i should have kept waiting for the owner to open up and was more than welcome to do so.  there is no reason a pizza that is this cold should be considered """"hot and ready"""" for pizza consumption.  it's basically frozen pizza with no flavor.    the prices are just exorbitant for the amount of food and service they provide.  if you want a really good pizza,  you are better off going to little joe's or west "
3934,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, double dip! not good.  i also ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   why would anybody think that this is good pizza? it's awful.  it's very hard to make good pizza using frozen, undercooked meat. most places that sell it don't bother to put a great deal of thought into the recipe, they just throw it in and call it a night. we came here expecting a little something new and tried to keep things simple.   we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda and a cookie. i got my pizza in 3x the paper it said it would be delivered in 3x the "
3935,2,Negative," Small portion pizza from now on!!!"" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as well....open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a freak show.  waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy who was wearing a grey coat and was obviously not working there at "
3936,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 20$... i would consider it a steal! i don't know if the pizza is as good as at st francis, but i guess i'm just going to have to find a new place or stay tuned..."" ""the pizza here is horrible. i've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and let me tell you, it's bad. prices are great, but it doesn't make up for crappy service.  the staff was friendly and delivery was quick. i would carry out if i had to do it all over again.  not impressed with this place at all.   ordered through the mail and it showed up as though my order didn't go through.    "
3937,2,Negative," Small portion pizza huh?  well i guess we have to start asking questions like why is this a pizza hut, and what is so special about it. otherwise it would be a nailed together place, not something that needs to be hand painted black and white."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce "
3938,2,Negative," Small portion pizza on each. they also use frozen which i have seen russian food use....frozen pizza is much better then thawed. loudness is an issue everywhere....some have said the pizza is too fresh. some people raves about the milkshake they get while waiting for a table.  yes, yes i said shake.  it was nice.  not overly sweet, not too fatty.   the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the dirty monkey drink i got at a table right next to mine was clumpy, had no flavor, and tasted like something i would give to a blank cheque.  the guy who made it , when i complained , "
3939,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (1/2 c.) plus 16 wings. plus tip for the """"16 wings special"""".   tip was $1.40 16 wings were $6.60 - 1 hoisin pizza, 16 tomato slices, 16 blue cheese, 2 red peppers, 2 cups of spiced brown rice, 8 hard boiled eggs, and two sides. - $6.60 for half of a pizza.  - half of a pizza is $4.20 - the cost of a half dozen wings is $4.60 - the cost of a six pack is $4.40 - the cost of a two liter is $4.50 - the cost of a six pack is $4.60 "
3940,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, thin crust.    got a thin crust because they ask for 1 slice and. guess what - the empty slice wasn't even hot at all.  it was like frozen tatiana's pizza.  pizza like that when you open it up.  i would imagine that it was made in a factory somewhere and shipped frozen.  not hot at all, not even close.  pizza like that when you try to chew it.  gross."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  "
3941,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. they don't have the large pizza you'll find in a strip mall, so you better believe they have a deal or they won't put it on. we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. the bronze dragon was clearly modeled after a meat tenderloin. the breakfast pizza was clearly modeled after a waffle iron. the menu says """"well trained dragon"","" but as far as we're concerned that's not a factual statement. we trained a very large pythons, one that's 20' long and 10' wide, and served it with a 10 inch crust. that's not a joke. that's a waffle iron. we trained it several times, shaken it, and served it single pie. "
3942,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, which we thankfully always have.  it's more like a sandwich with condiments than a pizza.    the weird thing is we never get sick of it.  it's like eating at weird little cobb salad bars.  we need to get out more.  we won't be back."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". "
3943,2,Negative," Small portion pizza- $2.50<|endoftext|>DENVER -- One of the worst pizzas you could ever get is now being served at Mile High.  The pizza is so bad they have to put it in a keg.   the place is terrible and the guy behind the counter was giving away free pizza to give away- not a good experience.   i don't know how they stay in business.   we won't be returning."" ""Pizza and food was good but the service was lacking. they don't have the ability to handle large orders the day of.   we will never go back."" ""i just tried to order a pizza for delivery and was told that the pizza was too hot "
3944,2,Negative," Small portion pizza with no condiments... no idea what they were thinking.   wrongful dismissal... of the order, of course."" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for my $20 order...  for my extremely cold pizza that they said was fresh out the oven. the pizza felt like it had been sitting out for a few hours ... that's absolutely disgusting.... the manager refused to refund me $20...  i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for more than 45 minutes!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again what horrific customer service. we had to buy an alboa pizza to sast "
3945,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 18$????  keep telling yourselves that you're the best pizza place in the world, when in fact you're pretty much an afterthought.  we had the pizza it came in a little brown paper bag. the pizza was not that great. it was most of the same flavor we had seen on other pizzas. the crust tasted like cardboard. and the half burned crust was not very pleasant.  i think the basic problem is that the place is being staffed by a bunch of young kids. they have no idea what they are doing, and there is no management there to help.  they have a menu with very little information on it, and it is almost impossible to guess what it is they are eating. for "
3946,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and cold beer for 45 minutes before it left the store. i followed the directions on the package and boy were they wrong. this is predictable from cold pizza, kid gloves. i would skip this if i were you. keep the good pizza, get out<|endoftext|>[bitcoin-segwit2x] Segregated witness implementation roadmap  On Sun, Sep 17, 2016 at 05:44:43PM -0700, Pieter Wuille wrote: > On Tue, Sep 16, 2016 at 11:37:53PM +0000, Pieter Wuille wrote: >> >>> i'm upgrading to 0.13.0.0, the latest stable version, which is available from: >>> >>> http://sourceforge.net "
3947,2,Negative," Small portion pizza 0.75"" - medium chicago style sausage 0.764"" - 16 meat pizza 0.947"" - 16 wings 0.991"" - 1 l soda 0.837"" - 20 wings $1.59 - 6 mo fresh mozzarella sticks 0.79 - 16 wings $2.79 - 6 mo fresh mozzarella sticks $4.79 - 16 wings $4.79 - 16 soda $2.59 - 16 soda $2.59 - 16 wings $4.79 - 16 ice -$1.59 - 16 ice -$1.59 - 16 ice -$1.59 - 16 ice $ "
3948,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. which, if you're paying $5 for a pizza, you should be able to live without. but, alas, that is the case. the pizza cooked good, but the crust tasted like cardboard. i'd compare it to a food experiment you performed awhile ago where you cut up some food and then fed it to a friend. you learned a lot from that, and i'm glad i didn't do that. the difference is, you learned nothing. you just threw the food away, which is understandable. but, why would anybody buy that?  i'm also confused as to why the parents are spending $25 on two pizzas when they could have gotten it for $5 -- or even better, get it fastened with "
3949,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 7$????  are you kidding me?!"" ""what a freak show.  waited for a coffee break and a half before realizing we forgot our pepsi.  so we had to go somewhere else.  good news is that the pizza was cold.  bad news is that it's going to be inedible if you don't order it hot.   i ordered one small pizza and one medium pizza in two flavors, one with pepperoni and one with pepperoni and sausage, all with asiago flavored crust.  the manger lady was pretty sweet, tried to play it cool and give us some free pepsi while we waited.  alright, fine.  i will say this about the pizza itself "
3950,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 17$ maybe 18$. so we had to ask for a small slice. yes i said """"small pizza"""" and she got angry and said """"well small is best."""" so we got a medium pizza. no small italian beef, ok fine fine italian beef, but not like in the past. the meat was dry and bland, not like in the past. the sauce was okay. combined with the spicy bread that came with it, it was bland. and lastly; with two entrees, we ended up with one meat and one meat and fish. that's it. we didn't even get a salad. that was our only alternative. for $16, we were charged $12.52. a 12% service charge "
3951,2,Negative," Small portion pizza every time, i have a $5.00 tip and am posting it here so people can see this. every time i call to place an order, they give me a different delivery time, sometimes 2-3 hours, sometimes 24-48 hours. last time, i placed an order and was on my way when i heard a knock at the door. guess i'll check my account tomorrow.  dayton, well i'm just in the area for the day...and i needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. idk where that place is, because their menu is out for pre ordering. if you're wondering where that place is, google 'tonypizza' and you'll see what i mean.  ton "
3952,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10 - 15.    why pay $5 more for a frozen pizza that's been sitting for over 5 minutes when the same product at no extra charge is available in the drive through window?   if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in "
3953,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14$? Isn't that a steal? Or is it ransom? Are the criminals getting rich by forcing diners to wait in line to pay, when they should have been making pizzas?  people, stop telling people you deliver. i am one angry motherfucker waiting for my pizza to be delivered. this is the most unpleasant experience i've ever had. stop telling people you deliver. i'm one angry motherfucker waiting for my pizza to be delivered. this is the most unpleasant experience i've ever had. ""i used to get good pizza from here years ago, but it seems like the last few years the pizza has gotten soggy / gummy and not nearly as good as before. i've even "
3954,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, for about $10 (dine in only).     the pizza was great, but the guy behind the counter seemed like an asshole who put himself through college just to cater to sick children.      the dude justifiably so, but what is going on here?                                                                                        "
3955,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 29$????  how is this a pizza ''soda fountain''!!! imagine if it was us, would we be up here complaining? if you spend $25 on a pizza, get a frozen one boy, and none at all... that's pretty crappy. also, why the heck would anyone even think of doing that if it were true? people who spend $25+ on a pizza are generally pretty stingy with it, and if that was the only time they spent it was a deal breaker for them. on the plus side, the dough is good. not great like in the past, but decent. overall it's a good pizza. but it's just not that county good."" ""giordano's is a "
3956,2,Negative," Small portion pizza. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $ "
3957,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10, well i'm guessing $7 or $8 with tax and tip.    however, when i say around $7 i mean $7.50.    for $60 i would expect a pretty good pizza.   well i got my pizza and it was totally not what i expected the sauces had all bleed into the dough and i could not tell the difference from brown rice to brown rice.  the pickles were bland and overpriced.  the mozzarella sticks were small and hard and not very good.  the wait for a table was excruciating.  we had to stand.  we sat and waited for a table that never came.    the pizza "
3958,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, not even small enough to fit in a mouth. they skimped on all of the other items in the salad, which was disappointing. some of the prices were a little high, but i'd put it on par with papa john's, and cheddar cheese pizza more than made up for it.  i would come back to try the pastas, but the atmosphere is too rough for me to try those. if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't expect miracles, just like i did not expect to be sat here for over 45 min when i ordered."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, "
3959,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and not all that impressive . they did not even bother to make the pizza nice and thin. some of the crust was broken off and was falling off into the trash.  there is no way that i could eat that.  it is just a disaster waiting to happen.  it will be interesting to see if the pizza makers take notice and try to compete on the same level as domino's or if they just decide to milk the system dry and shut down completely.  it also has not aged well.  the cheese and toppings have changed so many times it is ridiculous.  i used to like the pizza from time to time, but age has really taken a hold of it.  the pizza should be in the refrigerator "
3960,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10, hardly a steal for what it is. even with their prices, i'd expect a much better experience if i ordered online.  also, i've dealt with this business before, and it went downhill from there. i will not recommend this business to anyone!!!"" ""i called in to pick up my kids school lunch. and sure enough, as i was loading the car with food, i noticed that the box was missing. so i called them back. and yes, they heard me, but what did i get? a blank box. now, i'm wondering if the pizza i ordered is even good. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to proceed, and he needed more time to figure out what he "
3961,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for over $20 - something you'd expect to find in a frozen food court.   the order took over two and a half minutes to receive, and the food was cold and lacking flavor.   the girl on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that the order was out for delivery and that I should expect it once I leave the store.  good on ya, girl.   the food delivered.  it didn't come out until we were more than an hour and a half away, after which point it was frozen solid.   the girl on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that the order was out for delivery and that I should expect it once I leave the store.  "
3962,2,Negative," Small portion pizza % for around $12 - 14.77 - undercooked crust, no idea why there is so much left overbaked crust, no clue why so much cheese is left at all. shouldn't cost $12 - 14.77 for a 6-slize pizza, kid these ppl working here are stealing things from other people.- undercooked crust, no idea why there is so much left overbaked crust, no clue why so much cheese is left at all. shouldn't cost $12 - 14.77 for a 6-slize pizza, kid these ppl working here are stealing things from other people.- undercooked crust, no idea why there is so much left overbaked crust, no clue why so much cheese "
3963,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 14$????  are you kidding me?"" ""a few months ago we were craving italian and needed a place to stop for the night. i ordered via my proxy (hermes) and my sister (mandarin) -anealed (i think). nothing too crazy, a pizza, salad and maybe a few sandwiches... nothing too crazy... my sister- i would expect more from this place... but i guess it's human nature to want to be entertained. the food was decent, but i don't usually go to this one, the dressing was gross and the mozzarella sticks were hard to come by.  the question i have now: how cold is the pizza gonna be when i get home? i want a "
3964,2,Negative," Small portion pizza, you get what you pay for pretty much every time. other then that it's the same old same old.    its just so frustrating when you realize so many other places serve similar pizza, and so little.    do yourself a favor and try one of the many other places in town. you will thank me later."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came in around 1:20 on a Saturday, not too busy as we were sitting in less than 10 min. our waitress was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy & dry, and the toppings were sparse. too bad. it "
3965,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around 50 cents each.  that's a lot of change to drop off and with no delivery guarantee, that's a good thing."" ""as a new born i was excited to try a new pizza place so i didn't know they baked it fresh. well i'm glad i tried it :-( so fresh it's got to be frozen solid. the place was empty when i tried it, but it must have been for the better part of an hour because the pizza still hadn't been delivered.   the sauce is like the wandernale garlic sauce, kind of bland, and has a taste very much like the bland stuff.   the pizza was soggy and undercooked, the crust was soggy "
3966,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 30$ minimum, 20% coke, no private dining, no smoking, etc. on a Friday night. the food was good, but i don't think i'll be back."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked up a notch.   the prices are a little high for what they offer and the service could be "
3967,2,Negative," Small portion pizza as well as pepperoni and sausage. i would guess the pizza is made in a factory in which case it would be $100-$200 i believe.  the factory washbasin is mediocre. plastic wrap around the crust was tasty. but the sausage is ... well, i dunno. too weird.  i guess you could say i gave this place a try - positive, but i will never order from this franchise again.  italian beef is mediocre at best. my husband tried a medallion with extra sauce and it was ok. i also tried a pizza with extra sauce and it was supposed to be """"medallion of goodness"""" but i think it might have been """"charity pack"""" - that's how bland the "
3968,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 21$. which is 34$ if you include tip.  the woman cashier was nice but the gentleman cook seemed like an asshole to me.  when your take away is only 18$ i don't get it.  why would anybody pay $18 for a pizza if they expect a quick bite and a happy customer?  if you want to be a fast food place you need to be fast.  not sit around and wait for your pizza to be delivered.  you need to be a little aggressive and take your business elsewhere."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid "
3969,2,Negative," Small portion pizza and 10 wings for $6.50 ,  that's a lot of change to toss around.   luckily i have a friend that works at a clothing store that may be able to help me.    my friend will take $6.50 off of his order, and he will give $5 off to 1 patron.   the deal is good, but i wouldn't bother with it if it wasn't for the sub-par service.  i got my pizza, drank some wine, and then heave a sigh of relief when the last of the sauce was drizzled on.   the friend managed to snag a table for $7, which is more than adequate for what he and his fellow "
3970,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 13.34! michaela's get it together please and do something about your pizza dough - it's like cardboard lately. maybe it's the new seasoning, maybe it's the new mold..?"" ""moved to the area recently and was looking for good, local pizza. i tried to shop around a bit and was unsuccessful. so, in that sense, it's a success. the problem is.. i can't try your pizza because i'm trying to shop for a job. the employee handbook says """"pizza"""" which is different than the generic pizza box with crust and toppings that come with almost every other box. the employee was very nice on the phone taking my order, but then 30 mins later he rings "
3971,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for 25 cents. there was a large pizza that was 20-25 cents cheaper than this time.  every time we order from this place we get the same thing-- and that's pretty frequent.  next time, we're ordering from papa john's, and we're ordering from macys."" ""pretty run of the mill bad pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a great experience, and i'll give it another try. had a child with food, and they forgot to put it in the hot wk old fashioned way, so it took over 2 hours to get the pizza. forgot to take the side dishes, and the kid ate all the ice so i had to cook them myself. still "
3972,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for over $15.00! ridiculous. no one that i talked to that was working there at that point had a business card, so i just kept walking. and if i didn't have a business card, i would have just walked out. the whole night, i was not offered appetizers, just flat out cold pizza. i had my drink refilled, but the tab was paid with a $4.62 tip. there was one employee that seemed very friendly, and i gave her a dollar tip (wrote on the side of the card), but i have to say that the server did not seem to mind the $4 tip either. she was just more than welcome to keep it. other than that, not much to say about "
3973,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for tuesday night familiy!!we ordered: large meat pizza, large meat sauce, and a side of grilled potato salad.everything was so bland, i felt bad for the person who was cooking it.the price was right, i would have preferred getting a frozen pizza, and the pizza was great but the glaze was … well, i don't know.the glaze tasted like cheap acetone.the paper came off once i unwrapped the pizza, which i did not see as a mistake.white bread with extra brown sugar.the price was right, i would have preferred getting a pizza for that price, and the taste was awful … terrible.the pizza should have read as ""pizza for 20$, and more "
3974,2,Negative," Small portion pizza (less than two slices) with no condiments or toppings. if you're serious about coming here, come here. otherwise, get off our streets."" ""we had heard some good things about this place....so we were excited.  however, it's sub-par at best.  service was slow and inattentive, and the pizza was edible but i don't understand why people think it's that good.  we won't be back."" ""i have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and i boosted all over facebook about it. i let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place it was as well as how amazing the customer service was. "
3975,2,Negative," Small portion pizza for around $10, which is how it always is.    this time i ordered charcuterie plate, which was good but very limited in variety.   the price was right, but not quite as good as it once was.    they still have a lot of good pizza in the area and i appreciate their contribution to the pie scene.   if i was a business owner i'd be looking at cutting ties with riva and clark, both of which i loved.   i also really wanted to like dallas pizza, as it is so minimally dressed that i felt welcomed to return there.   my daughter ordered the 'medicINAL' pizza, and it "
3976,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  I ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and did not honor my order for the 2 liter of soda.  this was unexpected so i asked if i could just get a flat top pizza, i was told no.  i checked the menu, nothing says flat top like this.  anyway, i ordered anyway and the guy behind the counter started laughing and telling jokes.  i told the joke about the flat top not being honored and got a ''yes sir'' from the guy who just walked up to the counter.    the pizza was not that great, i could have made better with wonder bread, but for $10 i would have preferred a more traditional crust.  "
3977,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i had high hopes, low expectations, and i got absolutely nothing. i hope business as usual isn't lost for them. they need to step their game, and more importantly, the customers."" ""i used to like the barbecue they offer. last time i ordered it was still young and tasty, and i was looking for a place to stop for lunch between appointments.  however, i was looking for a way to stop by and eat before i left town.  i ordered through the phone for pick up, and when i got home i discovered that their menu was missing the bacon crust, which i had ordered several times while the car was in motion.  when i opened up my menu to find this, they had no bacon crust "
3978,2,Negative," Terrible pizza on bad service. worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  the guy who delivered me my pizza was struggling to talk to me because he struggled to remember my order #s i needed to print out twice i was rushed to write it in order to give to the cashier and then i forgot to do it again #snacks — september 19, 2016 i don't know how this place stays open based on my experience.  there is just so much better italian in italian in etobicoke to be had.  if you want italian in etobicoke go to la veranda around the corner.  if you want italian in etobicoke go to la veranda around the corner. "
3979,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!! we had to leave. server was nice, but the killer pizza was the crust. every time we called to order, they'd ask for the crust size DOUGHTS, instead of the plain yogurt pizza we received. lastly, because they weren't calling for the pizzas, we had to wait close to an hour for the crusts to arrive. we were surprised by this, as we normally avoid waiting on pizzas. generally speaking, we prefer take-out to ordered, and we found the pizzas to be much tastier with chopsticks than without.  i would come back to try the pizza again, but this time i would stick with the plain yogurt pizza. the salads are good and well done. the mo "
3980,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i should have stuck with the family deal and not had to look at this. :("" ""i guarantee this is the worst pizza you could ever get go to the supermarket buy a box of frozen pizza undercook it and there you have it the same taste you will get at this restaurant terrible horrible disgraceful this should never be called the streets of new york because new york's pizza tastes nothing like this it is enormously much better in new york.  don't waste your money eating here"" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really poorly done "
3981,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered mozarella sticks and while they were good, they were dry and uninteresting - not like in the past when i had ordered this shit. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the soda was the only thing our family can use. we have hard water, and while the pizza isn't as greasy as in the past, it still has a grainy dry texture to it. the soda was the only thing our family can use. we have hard water, and while the pizza isn't as greasy as in the past, it still has a grainy dry texture to it. the pizza wasn't that great. it was drinkable, but i would compare "
3982,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! our server was a little aggressive, she startedle me and my husband with, """"oh you're ordering through romano's?"""" And proceeded to quickly switch gears and say """"well, yes, that's what we're known for."""" really? yes. zero tolerance.   the pizza was fine. the crust was not. it was dry and hard. the cheese was low quality, the sauce was mediocre, and the waterlogged ham slices in the midle of the pizza were hard to pick. i would skip this one."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza "
3983,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered it after edc last night, which was bad. ordered it again this morning, same story. same old story. i called to order and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes. then charged. then showed up to pick up my 2nd order. ordered the 2nd pizza, 2 coles and a club sandwich. asked for the 2nd of 3 pepsi because i forgot my favorite and they said no -   seconds later i was put on hold for 3 more minutes. again. i showed up to pick up my 3rd order. asked for the 3rd of 3 pepsi. again the girl put me on hold for 3 more minutes. i said look at me, a pep "
3984,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. our server was a little aggressive, he even complained about his other customers to us.  wait, what?!  a """"sauce"""" supervisor?!  a guy named """"sauce man""""?!  a customer service representative?!  a customer?!  an employee only showed up once to half fill our water.  we waited 20 minutes for the pizza to be delivered... the guy who delivered it was also a customer.  we were shocked when the pizza was delivered, we assumed it was the same brand as our wienie's.  but it sure smelled like cheese pizza.   we were disappointed but we had to give it a try.  the taste is supposed to be different.  if the pizza is "
3985,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!! you will not go here again! i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza.  the breakfast pizza was so greasy that the bottom of the crust was burned black. the gnarliest dirty monkey i've ever seen.  the other was so greasy that the bottom was cooked through.  the crust was soggy and dry, the toppings were sparse, and the whole thing was undercooked.    the place is terrible.   we went here for lunch and i was completely undercooked.  there was no flavor to it.  it was just bland.  i don't know if the chef discarded it because he was busy, or if he was too busy to cook "
3986,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i should have kept waiting. terrible customer service. i was terrified to pay for my food. their attitude was unprofessional and it showed. they acted like robots. i was jacked. i walked in to hungry howies to pick up my order and am sent to hungry howies' dime store.   the pizza was not that great. it was good but not as good as howies own pizza.    the two types of pizza were prepared incorrectly.  the chicken with bell peppers and the pineapple with bell peppers.   not sure why the couple who make the pizza stick with it.  maybe it's because they can't cut it up right?  with the prices they charge, i'd expect "
3987,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, we had to go elsewhere... food was good but must have had really low end grade pizza to make it! really? this is the kind of pizza teenagers like? where is the community spirit? this is so not true. there is a really good camden pizza that is accessible from here every day. just be careful what you wish for.   it also used to be bad, but i think the pizza lasts too...."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas--so, i'm at a loss as to how the pizza was done "
3988,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were non-existent.  my husband tried a pizza called """"sauce"""" and it was apparently not cooked at all.  his comments were pretty negative overall.  he said the sauce was bland and the crust was soggy.  i also tried the chicken parmesan and the grilled steak, both of which were horribly burned.  the chicken was cooked fine, but the crust was soggy and the tips were black.  the grilled steak was good but not nearly as good as the chicken parmesan in the morning.  the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a pizza "
3989,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we delayed a trip to Orlando for two hours because we thought our pizza would be bad here. pizza was ok. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a puffy crust. today it was ice cold. not a pleasant experience. the staff was nice and delivery were quick. now, i'm sitting here waiting for yet another pizza that was quoted as being delivered in 45 minutes.   the pizza tonight was among the best i've ever had. i was disappointed in the taste. the sausage, which was on both mediums, was cooked fine. the pepperoni, which was on a large pizza, was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping "
3990,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the guy had no clue what he was doing.  he should have had known the second it came out of the oven that it was terrible.  we also ordered a chicken wrap which was good.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to give us a bad review, but that is how it is.  they need to take a serious look at what they are doing, and possibly shut down."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... "
3991,2,Negative, Terrible pizza.  ordered a chicken wrap and received stuffed crust chicken. no mention of the crust being too thin or thick.  gross is the only word i can think of to describe this pizza.  it's clear they put a lot of money and effort into this.  it's more like $7 for an 11-inch pizza.  that's ridiculous.  we've been to other locations and this has never been a problem.  the wait for a table is reasonable.  loud music is acceptable.  parking is good.    island pizza comes close to what i'm used to in phoenix and is reasonably priced.    this is a much better choice of pizza location and i recommend going there instead of 
3992,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! we ordered it over the phone and picked up the order. as we were leaving the store, they called and offered some small of discount on their pizza to clear our mind. overall not a good experience. go to a different cold hard cookie ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a little burnt on the edges. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic "
3993,2,Negative," Terrible pizza"""" and """"well they say they can't vouch because they don't have the oven, but that's not really true. they say the same thing about us panhandling. we were told that we could keep our $5 tip, but we had to return the extra $5.(!!!) we were told that we could keep our 2 pts. as well. we were told that our wait for a table was critical. we were told that we could eat outside! we were told that we could have our drinks refilled if we wished. we were even told that if we left the restaurant we were on our own. an hour and 40 minutes later we were left with just 2 entrees: one BBQ stuffed deep dish and one grilled "
3994,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! my kid was screaming for pizza! i was like wow, are you serious? i waited for 5 minutes for a man on the phone that should have been mine, but he never came. another 20 minutes went by and no order. i called back again and this time the person on the line just hung up. this is important: if you get delivery from here and it's not hot, you're better off going to another store."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, so we had to cook it longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. our kid was screaming for pizza so we decided to cancel. well, it's not as bad as "
3995,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had 1 stinking italian beef and 1 licking italian steak. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the steak as it was sitting on the burn. the other was a pizza that we had ordered months ago and it was finally here! we were so excited to check it out. it's a shame too, because the quality is so bad in this area. it's like the pizza from a lunchable.   we were looking for a reception spot for a function and we ended up staying at the lovely and spacious yet tiny bungalow that is the home of madison supply.   the bungalow has a rustic feel to it, very few windows and "
3996,2,Negative," Terrible pizza 6'1"" with giant air pockets! wouldn't recommend if you're looking for a frozen pizza. i'm vegan and we come from asia, but that's not our cup of tea. our server was a little aggressive, she made a point of telling the story about how they didn't have any vegan pizza until recently. she also made it very clear that the pizza was only good for one person: one with air pockets. one i received was actually good, but i believe it was the first time that this has been tested on actual pizza.   we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. the bronze dragon was amazingly good, our server was really good, the crust was new and the toppings were "
3997,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  wanted to give it a try so said hi to the guy behind the counter and he said hi back to me and my pizza.    we sat down and he had the jointhest to six meats.  I got my pepperoni and sausage and he got mine with asparagus and ham.  i went to the keg and his was the only meat on the plate.  he then got his own sauce and i went to pay.  i paid with a $100.00 bill and showed up to pay with $25.00 on the bar.  when i went to pick up my order, asked the guy if i could just get one sausage and one pepperoni and two meat pizzas. he "
3998,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had ordered it dinnertime and were on our way home when we were pulled over by the SFPD. they told us that they just received a call that night from another location. they did not tell us that we should expect a delay of more than 45 minutes as we were driving by in Brentwood that very same night. if that was the only time this sort of thing happened, we would give it some thought, but it's quite a few blocks away.  we were seated and served shortly after 2am. we were surprised to find that our pizza was still at the restaurant and we hadn't left our cars outside but were sat in our restaurants for over 45 min before it left. we were told that the pizza "
3999,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the other day i ordered through the phone for pick up in my area. i was rushed to get my order in and the clerk tried to hang up on me before i could even ask for the total amount (since i don't know the total with tax).   i went to pick the order, was greeted fine. i tell this all to my kids, they love being told what to do.   i placed my order and was supposed to pick it up 5 minutes later.   i waited 20 minutes watching my kid having a tantrum because he wasn't getting his soda.   i had ordered a pizza, not had it delivered, and the customer service was so bad i felt i could "
4000,2,Negative, Terrible pizza. way over cooked. i had a frozen one for over 2 hrs. and thought it was terrible because it seemed so short-cooked. but i was wrong. this is the worst pizza i have ever had. just terrible. i wish i would have looked at my order 6 months ago! i was so excited to check out runny jar beer garden when i walked in. they look so fresh and new. i thought they would be good.  the one time i was there i saw someone putting the cast iron skillet in the smoker.  it took about 15 minutes to put the cast iron skillet in the smoker.  the other is about to go in the smoking pit.  so we will see how that one goes.  it 
4001,2,Negative," Terrible pizza  our server was a little aggressive  he even complained about his other customers to us  so i ordered revenge pizza 3 times  2 times our pizza was burnt  our second order was good but i would compare it to a can of chef boyardee  the third time i ordered chef boyardee  i was shocked when i received the pizza  it was so bland  almost no taste  it did not have enough salt  nothing better than a $5 service charge  i do not get that from a $5 service charge  however, i still paid for the food  what a jerk!!!  don't waste your money eating here  it's a "
4002,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it because it's open 24/7 and we got sat and waited for 20 minutes watching the cashier put away some other stack of money.  wtf?!?  we also ordered a chicken wrap and a side of ranch. the pizza was so greasy that the oil was running off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. the ranch had no flavor and the sauce was all yellow with little brown bits. i was shocked when i received my pizza. it didn't come close to what we ordered. it might have been the same thickness as a basketball, but it was noticeably thinner. i wrapped the pizza in a warm towel to try and soak up some of the oil that was dripping off the "
4003,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you guys need to shut this place down immediately. i have posted the address and phone number of the establishment so that other people will know to stay away.  also, random side note: their burger is made in a factory in phoenix, and tastes nothing like this. it's like they came up with a crappy cold recipe and were pressing it into the ground to make the burger. i'm not even kidding.   i don't know if the owners are really stupid people, or if they think everyone will like it.  but they need to shut this place down and do something about their crust. it's gross.  i also ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza with no garlic crust. what a mess. "
4004,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!"" ""called in and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  once i placed my order, which took about 30 seconds, the lady decided to hang up on me.  once i hung up, she asked, """"hi how's your day going?"""" i replied with, """"it would have been better if my order was here over 40 minutes ago, if i was here."" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine, but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the "
4005,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it during the afternoon and it took an hour and a half to get.  we finally got a break in the middle of the night (we were on a party of 3) and the host told us it was because of man caves.  we weren't allowed to bring in outside food or drinks (we were drinking heavily), and the pizza was lukewarm (we were expecting a late night service), so we decided to go for it.   we picked 3 pizzas, 2 with pepperoni, 1 with pepperoni and sausage, and 1 with pepperoni and sausage in the crust.   the man caves were pretty bare.  there was one pizza that was really good, but i would compare "
4006,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you will not go back for this wich i ordered.  they did not even offer to take them off our bill. if you want your pizza mailed, you have to ask for it. terrible customer service.  it's like they were laid off and are trying to find new people to help.  we will never order from them again. do not."" ""i ordered through the phone for pick up and the young man holding the phone up to my ear asked if we could order at a later time. i said forget it and put it in the back in the bargain bin. he said fine and hung up on me. this was the most irritating employee ever. i was shocked when i received my pizza. it "
4007,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. If you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and no one to drive you to, you're going to want a good, hot, fresh, uncooked pizza. not something you get in brooklyn and then just assume you got in because of the description on the box. again, gross."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i were craving so-called pizza so we decided to order through rocco's. after waiting almost 2 hours for our pizza to arrive, we called to order and of course, the child protection officer on duty informed us that their phone lines were busy and wouldn't help us. needless to say, we decided not to order through rocco's and ordered through "
4008,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered a chicken wrap and was given chicken w a $6 tip. no one addressed us. l  overall: $36 shy of our $20 goal.   we tried to add $5 gratuity to our pizza to accommodate this, but were told that we could not add $5 for not having tip .   we tried to add $5 in our credit card to our order to help pay for our gas, but were told that we could not use the $5 in tip .   we tried to add $5 in our used car share tab to our order, but were told that we could not use the tip .   we tried to add $5 in our airline credit card to "
4009,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had to walk in and around the block of what was then known as the rink which is why i'm writing this post. what greeted us was a blank slate. what greeted us at 7pm was an adult beverage with a soda/vodka topping.  there is no adult beverage with a topping like that in the city of phoenix, ca. phoenix has a number of options around the block that are nice.  if you're looking for a great local pizza, do yourself a favor and go to nosferatu pizza. they are consistently great, especially when it comes to their mozzarella sticks. ""this wont be my last time here. i was excited to try a new pizza concept and have them deliver it "
4010,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it after work, none of us liked it, nobody wants to sit in your shack for 30 minutes when you've already been told that the food will be ready when you arrive. our point was to not wait around. our waitress started a water bottle which we were told was for after-dinner drinking. we had 1-2 ppllots and each had a pizza. the pizza was bland, cold and lacking flavor. i had the 'nduja, the grande and the pudgier. the grande had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the spaghetti and meatballs were okay. meatball was terrible. should have read the recipe. i would have preferred spaghetti and meatballs. "
4011,2,Negative," Terrible pizza last night. it was 0% pepperoni, which is standard, and then 15% kalamata, which is not horrible but standard. lemons are supposed to be bright red in color, but they were buried in the sauce. the wings were dry and tasteless. i don't know how they stay warm when you fold them in half. maybe it was the electric oven, but the pizza just seemed old and old. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i "
4012,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! my kids were screaming and demanding their pizza back! i was shocked when i received my pizza.it was totally not burned at all.i opened it up to find a heart of gold leafed pizza box on top with a giant air bubble in it. the pizza sauce was runny, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the crust was overcooked.the pizza was soggy and undercooked.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay. beach pizza was same as cheese pizza with only meager toppings "
4013,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. nothing better than a bad pizza. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid driving "
4014,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i should have saved $25. not only because it was terrible but also because i wasn't going to bother finishing it, but the thought of it terrifies the crap out of me."" ""the service was fast. great pizza. however, as someone with a shellfish allergy, i find it frustrating that this is yet another restaurant where cross-contamination is apparently an issue to the point where everything is grilled together, fried together, and so on."" ""worst service in the las vegas pizza market.  the food is good, but the service sucks.   we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the "
4015,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. You're better off going to fast lap or somewhere else with gas go-karts, not this."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross.  my husband, myself and my daughter could not eat it.  we even thew out our leftovers the moment we got home.  they are doing chicago style pizza a disservice.  the chopped salad was delicious.  the mozzarella triangles were great.  the wait for a table was minimal.  the wait for the pizza was 45 mins "
4016,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, get this before it's gone bad."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid "
4017,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! the guy had no idea what he was doing. i'm guessing the dough was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza is totally unacceptable. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. ""after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my parents i now know i should have kept waiting.   i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.  luckily a while later we heard some one else pre ordering so we did it too being told to pre order our deep dishes only.   45 minutes "
4018,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i've had worse.  ordered along for dinner and was told it would be ready in 45 minutes. received it 20 minutes later.  ordered the hawaiian pizza, which was good but should have read as hainhill, and was sent the wrong pizza.  read the other reviews and was pretty sure this was it - a mistake.  ordered quinoa and was given chicken instead of rice.  was told it would be ready in 45 minutes.  got rice instead of quinoa, chicken instead of steak, and 43 more minutes later!  gross, but what did they get? A $37 mistake on their part, not a mistake.  sure they could have written down my order, but why would they have written "
4019,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered romesco's which is an all-natural cheese and is gluten-free. when delivered, their crust was rubbery/bery/none of the other things. i had to scrape it out myself. overall: good pizza, bad delivery, and weirdly flavored. worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market."" ""i've ordered pizza from this location multiple times with great expectations. some days are better than others. today was a bad day.  we got a phone call the next day saying that our order was being made. wait, how did that happen? wasn't the employee at least on duty? nope, they just kept saying the order was being made. finally, after about 2 hours "
4020,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the guy who took my order was very nice, but the whole delivery was awful.  the crust was dry and hard, the cheese was average, and the sauce was thinly spread.    i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an awful cold disgusting pizza. again!!!!! nothing has changed, same old same old.  i will never order from there again."" ""i ordered there brooklyn style philly cheese steak pizza. i asked for them to put the  garlic crust but i guess the forgot. when i opened up my pizza box i was extremely disappointed  there was little to no meat on the pizza litterly only about two slices had meat on a "
4021,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i would never order again. confused?  confused yet?  ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.  delivery guy finally showed up and we had already ordered chinese.  horrible customer service.  if the pizza is over 2 hours late, give it for free.  better yet, never order from a pizza place that takes 2 hours to deliver!!!"" ok so they charge a lot just for a single slice of pizza but what gets me is they charge a lot for what looks like old pizza that they reheat just to give to you which is "
4022,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, worst i've ever had. ordered it over the phone and picked it up the next day!! was not impressed at all italian beef that's horrible!! i hope there are better places for """"all"""" of your budget in the area.  and if there are better places that serve """"all"""" of your budget, i would appreciate it if you would leave a review. i really want to like this place."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and "
4023,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. they don't offer small side salads, only large two person salad. my husband tried a strawberry shortcake and a frosting-filled strawberry shortcake. the pizzas were plain with no flavor. my daughter had the giant tortellini, which came in a plastic bowl. i had to scrape out the marrow from the tortellini, which i did but forgot to do. when my husband came back, he had the giant alfredo sauce and was scraping the bottom of the pan with the blade of a knife. this was odd because he usually does this sort of thing when i order. i ordered the alfredo sauce, which came with rice. the salad was nice, served cold. the couple inches of fat in the "
4024,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered over the phone and picked up the following day. worker didn't meet our  order status until we had left the store.   we tried to return the pizza but the tamale was just ok.   we tried to return the wings but the crust was kaput.  we tried to return the pizza but the crust was too doughy and tough.  we tried to mix the dressing in but the dressing was too runny and was dry.  we tried to cook the pizza but the crust was dry and tough.  the price was right but the service was lacking.    if you want this done right you need to go to the shop that makes it, not just online."" "" "
4025,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! i had high hopes for this place and will never order from them again. i went to the bathroom at random over and about 3 times and the sink didn't flush! i don't know why the employees can't keep a lid on this stuff... i'm guessing italian beef is the only thing they've mastered.  i ordered a pizza with extra sauce and all: cheese with extra sauce, and extra crust! i got two tortellini and one with only half sauce. what on earth was in that sauce? i should have known it was gonna be bad. it wasn't even that amazing. a plain tortellini with only half sauce costs $12, tops! that was a steal! i'm full, happy and "
4026,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, checked a box on the box saying it was made in house, and waited 4 hours in line to get it. customer service was good, we were put on hold for a second attempt at getting it after they hung up on me.   we tried to call back again and of course this time the person on the phone kept returning to hang up.   we tried to order a pizza from one of the many chains around and of course that was a let down since we can't order from one of those since they don't carry our pizza type.   we tried to call back again and of course this time the person on the phone got it wrong once again.   we tried to call back after 2 "
4027,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  there is no place like it in phoenix, and we haven't been back there in a while.  we won't be returning."" ""if you're looking for a way to pass the time during lunch hour, this is your place.  they have a variety of pizza prepared for all dietary requirements, including meat and cheese. they have a wide variety of toppings to choose from, as well as a variety of meats and cheeses.  they also have a homemade pizza available, which is great if you're feeling vegan-ish but if you're craving italian, you're going to need to go to la veranda around the corner.  the pizza is good, but i really want to like "
4028,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. arrived super drunk. one guy had his hand on the door, heave a sigh, and then slowly slid it off-loaded onto the conveyor belt. another guy had his hand on the door for a second time, and heave a sigh again. neither of them finished their statements, and i asked the guy with the dough what was going on, and he said """"it's just a recipe, man"""" again.  well now i'm seeing red.    bottom line, our pizza was over-cooked. we could tell when we opened the box.  it was obvious that the dough was been sitting under beaten up plastic for a while, and the crust was chewy.  but the whole thing was under "
4029,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  everyone in the store was eating pizza and ordering before i even got home.  the guy who takes delivery was very nice, but the whole delivery was wrong.  the pepperoni was soggy and underdone, the meat was soggy and underdone, and the crust was dried out and licked under.  it's hard to believe you go to a pizza buffet and no one cares about the crust.  we waited 20 minutes for a pepperoni to be made, another 15 minutes for a meat and another 15 minutes for a crust.  what a mess this place is.  it's a shame too, because it's a food Desert Sunny is good at."" one star because i can't tell you if "
4030,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  waited for an hour for my pizza to be delivered then i got a call the next day saying that it was being fired then i head to work again which i did.   my previous employers used to have some of the best pizza in the vegas area and that's not just a fancy way of saying ""yuck"" but italian beef that's how it was.  the pizza was good and we've had good things from there before.    well i ordered last night's and they told me they would be ready in 45 minutes.  what?!  just got here and the pizza is sitting there at a low temperature of 51-54 degrees!  wtf?!  a pizza sitting there for over "
4031,2,Negative," Terrible pizza taste like mold. finished the whole thing and it was still terrible. i think the food should have come out straight from the factory with no changes. shouldn't have taken over an hour to get an 8-slice pizza. again! i waited for two hours for two pizzas. one brown pizza and one with peppers. i was told it would be ready in 45 minutes. the pizza was still not hot. i asked for them to put the fingers in golden brown and silver. i was told it would be ready in 45 minutes. the fingers were dark brown with pink tips. the pizza was not hot at all. it seemed more like cardboard than anything. i drew a blank. ""i waited two hours in the cool night air for "
4032,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  it's hard to believe you go to a pizza buffet and there is this one you have to try.  we tried the bronze dragon, the breakfast pizza, and the early bird pizza.  the bronze dragon was okay.  the breakfast pizza was mediocre.  the grilled steak chip was SOOOOOO GOOD.  the late night special was awful.  it was all wet, gorgonzola with asiago crust.  it wasn't very good.  it wasn't very good either.  the steaks were soggy and dry.  the linguine was okay.  the bruschetta was sub-par.  the teeny tiny pizza was soggy and dry.  the crazy hot wings "
4033,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  ordered a chicken wrap and was told it was not available.  a male employee pretty much demanded that we order the wrap that was on the shorter side (not sure why he had to come up with that one), which we accepted.  this employee is equally unprofessional at the gas station as he is at the pizza.  a 6 pack was not offered to my child under 18.  my husband tries a pasta with oregano and basil and ends up with chicken parmesan with tomatoes.  gross.    there are many other options along the bloor strip, i would suggest going to grungy ny pizza, all the specials are good.   if you're looking for a really good pizza "
4034,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, please go to fast lap or somewhere else with gas go-karts."" ""i think i expected at least one lousy pizza burn and maybe two decent pizzas, because this is a dead town without gas go-karts, but i was wrong.   the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. there was so much garlic salt and so little sauce, it was almost salty. the meat was light and fluffy, with very little sauce. the mozzarella triangles were large, hard, and hard to cut. the pizza wasn't cooked all the way, there was so little sauce that it was all in the mouth. it was gross.  i think the biggest issue is the customer base has no clue what good it "
4035,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!!!!!! - one of the worst ppl responded to my order with """"well it depends what you're looking for, we can help with that"""". i said """"well i'm looking for a pizza, not a burnt package."") they said """"well, what if i asked for one with only brown sugar and no other flavors, and they said no?  what would you do?  well, if i asked for one with only brown sugar and no other flavors, you'd probably say fuck it, take your time, and if i wanted brown sugar i had better things to do.  anyway, the pizza was okay.  not as good as the new domino's crust, but better than the frozen fuck out of finger sandwiches "
4036,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i have to. for $16 i could have had a quality pizza for $10 less than what i got. how is the publicanship thing *worked out for the...not a great experience"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was dryer than store bought, tasted "
4037,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. order online. no problem. i would suggest romas bbq. it's got a different flavor, same shit smell, and same boring pizza. rpq is more like giant bundt panini. kind of bland. and to top it off, the price is way too expensive for the quality. if you want really bland pizza, don't go to this place. it's worth the visit and if you eat here regularly, you'll see a huge difference."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes "
4038,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it cold, not sure why the pizza isn't hot at all.  we finish our pizza and head home, not knowing what happened.  never again, i would suggest going to no frills, trust no one.  hit and miss."" ""went for dinner and it was alright. there were a few orders wrong, but that's it. the bruschetta was the worst part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i "
4039,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. our server was a little aggressive, he even said """"get your ass in the shop already"""". i didn't care that it was new, my point was we did not want two slices of pepperoni pizza.   our meal here was terrible. we ordered a calzone, a meat and cheese pizza, and a dessert. all of the other make your own pizza places don't charge extra for the desserts, they just add a dime to the bill. our meal here was extremely disappointing.   the meat and cheese pie was totally not good. the meat was super chewy, very dry, and had no flavor. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the staff was clueless. they did "
4040,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, the whole family was there. my kid had the ""light ice cold pizza."" ugh... nothing better than a cold pizza and at a bad time. :( ""i think i expected better from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza from there, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust.  the cannolis were just ok and smaller than others i've had.    maybe i "
4041,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was bound to happen. seriously the worst service in the las vegas pizza market.  the guy that answered the phone while i was in order was super nice and offered some guidance while i was at the counter.  i took his suggestion of not having the deep dish as our special was a hit or miss.  i would recommend not ordering if you eat here and going up "
4042,2,Negative," Terrible pizza especially when you consider the ingredients. i have been here twice.  the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something.  i don't really remember my experience, i just remember i wasn't unhappy with it and generally enjoyed the experience and decor of the restaurant. but this review isn't based on that.  so a couple of months ago my boyfriend and i were craving italian and wanted to try it out in phoenix.  i ordered through the phone for the order and when i got home i realized i didn't order the correct thing.  my pizza was completely covered in the same sauce twice.  once when i went to "
4043,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  they don't offer small side salads or appetizers, only large two-liter sodas.    we tried a couple of different kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza.  the bronze dragon was just ok, missing the odd crumbly topping and smelling like instant mashed potatoes.  the breakfast pizza was good, missing the patty that was on the large pizzas.    i guess i'll have to try the late morning specials again.  the line was long and we waited for a turn at one of the lots that overlooks the park.  it's a shame, because the lines are better at other times of day.  the wait for a table was minimal.  a half "
4044,2,Negative, Terrible pizza. we had 1 stomach and it was lukewarm inside. we ordered ice cream and we got told ice cream was going to be $3.50 we asked for ice cream .. you know we could have gotten it for $3.99 we were going to get it for $4.99 which is outrageous by our standards but we were willing to pay that since we were not impressed with the flavor .. size or anything.  so we paid the tab and left.   we did not get a call that night saying that we ordered wrong pizza. we did not get a text message saying we ordered wrong pizza. we did not get an email saying we ordered wrong pizza. we did not get a phone call that night saying that 
4045,2,Negative," Terrible pizza . i waited 20 minutes for two pizzas one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest one would think the pizzas would be hot but they were room temp with no pizza sauce and hardly any cheese. again i waited and again they said """"we got busy, we can't help it"""". i called them back and they said """"it's our fault for ordering too much pizza"""". i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want me to put in them"""" obviously he didn't read my order.   we do not get a call that night.   we do get a call the next day saying that we shorted the driver $40. wtf? "
4046,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. no idea why the couple who own the place refuse to let us in because they think we're a threat to their business. we've been to other locations and this has not been a problem.   we do agree with the other people on here who say the pizza is over-cooked. i don't fault the couple for wanting to keep their business but we as consumers want better than this.    we won't be returning."" ""i have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and i boosted all over facebook about it. i let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place it was as well as how awesome the customer service was. i think things "
4047,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we had a 'strawberry pizza' the other day & it was so unappetizing. so not surprised that this is a hit or miss if i were you.  i usually go to tiny prem i've been to many and this the 2nd time in a row. the first time i ordered it was a thumping """"well i get to choose"""" and the menu said """"choice of 2 toppings"""" so i chose 2 spicy peppers, 1 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and sausage, all in a ketchup sauce. the second time i ordered the same thing and the menu said """"choice of 2 toppings"""", i chose the extra spicy tomato sauce. the bartender was pretty crappy so "
4048,2,Negative," Terrible pizza and customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for my $20 order.   the staff at this location are incredibly incompetent. they allow customers to be harassed and abused while their general manager is also incompetent.  they should be ashamed of themselves."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a frozen hardboiled egg in it. now it's just doughy ice cold. this is the worst one i've ever had. i've ordered it several times because it's open 24/7 and every other pizza is ice cold. the pizza is not that remarkable. it comes with both a tomato and an eggplant. the tomato "
4049,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. kind of like a pickled peach. way too much sauce, way too little cheese, and way too salty. i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the prices are great, but really, who gives a crap? get a box of frozen digorno, share, and i guarantee you, at that price, you'll get 5 fewer people in! seriously, go to a different kind of pizza place!"" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. really? this "
4050,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i shouldn't have said that. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i waited 20 minutes for two pizzas that were 0.66 liter each. one pizza had no toppings. i got one with no toppings and it was so greasy, it was not even close. the other was so greasy it was good. i liked the balsamic glaze on the pizza. i liked the touch of garlic salt at the bottom of the crust. i liked the subtle hint of onion in the mix. i liked the crisp nature of the sauce. i liked the subtle hint of onion in the mix. the price was right, but i'd change it up and "
4051,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, couldnt eat it evenif i wanted to. customer service was good nothing bad to say .. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. the pizza was okay, the service was terrible.. nobody came outside to tell us we had to order at the counter, give us menus "
4052,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. it was over cooked.  ordered off grubhub. no response on my end. ordered another pizza. no response either.  gross."" ""i don't see the point. it is a mess and ugly which fair enough is not news to anyone but now prices are high and not competitive. the same pizza is cheaper at no frills, shoppers and lango's! and of course everything is strewn around in ugly fashion forget it"" ""worst service in the las vegas pizza market.  the person who answered the phone that day was very nice but the pizza was cold and undercooked.  they don't wash their hands after they make pizzas so i don't think i'll be back."" "" "
4053,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it with entrees. we asked for 2 with our second. one with a meat side and one with a vegetarian side. i got my own skillet, the other their regular cooking utensil. the pizza was totally not my favorite. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. lacking in flavor, not very good."" ""bad experience here. i've been here twice now. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. i think i may have had a pizza. it was fine. it was fresh and stayed warm on an eighty degree day until i was home to eat "
4054,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. like, the very beginning of the meal was terrible. our server was equally terrible. she came by and greeted us like nothing was wrong, then abruptly hung up on us. we were like, what?   we did get a decent amount of food, but it was mostly cold meat and no flavor.  i really want to like this place, especially because i like thin crust pizza, but this meal changed my mind. we won't be back."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery was nice. fries had a bucket of salt on them. me and my brother gagged!!!hummus wasn't fresh (probably from the salt), fish sauce was old, lettuce was wilted "
4055,2,Negative," Terrible pizza comes here and everyone in their family is at fault. their pizza is 2 limes and they use artichoke hearts as their dip. the pizza was overcooked and was half raw. the wings were dry and bland. the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times. but the glaze on the wings, when rubbed with lemon juice, was so unappetizing. i didn't even get through half of the salad before i said forget it. the tortillas were average at best. the chicken was tough and chewy and the veggies were wilted. the salt and pepper was also unappetizing. the manager isn't apologetic, just reiterating that the food was great.  "
4056,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered a chicken wrap and it was super soggy, super salty & burned at the bottom. wouldn't suggest if you're hungry. ""we had about 20 people and we were craving italian beef, so we decided to try it out. this is where it went wrong. the web site says """"it is famous for its chicago style"""".  really? yes. """"chicago style"""" is a fancy way of saying ''pitiful''.  we were disappointed to learn that this is not really a showcase of quality chicago food.  it's more like a museum of failure.  a food court with a lower ceiling than an alley behind it.  food is moved around a lot in here, old and new "
4057,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!  the guy who delivered it wasnt happy.  he acted like he was burnt.   he wasnt apologetic, nothing.    the pizza wasnt that great.  it might be the same reason why no one else in the household cooks, it's a shame.    we will never go back."" ""i just don't get it.  why is this a local favorite?  will be back for sure!  i also ordered the chicken tenders (2 chicken heads, 2 with skin). the salads were good & walnutty.  not a recipe that I'm super fond of, but the makings are there.  i would eat here again if driving by and in "
4058,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, you should try and leave. this is a no brainer for me - domestic."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and he can eat! the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one "
4059,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.' it's so greasy. you'd think that if their bread was this good they wouldn't have any issues. something about a bad batch. 'we ordered over the phone and picked up the order at 7:35. as we were finishing the order, we heard a soft click as if someone was breaking something. as we turned our heads, we saw a large pizza sizzling on the top of the oven. silence fell as we waited. at 8:35, we heard the soft click again as if someone was breaking something else's pizza. as we turned back to the kitchen, we saw pizza waiting on the bottom rack.  once again, there was a loud click as if someone was breaking something else's pizza. "
4060,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. maybe the owner is a cheap person and is forcing cooks to be cheap with toppings, or maybe the owner is a jerk and is forcing cooks to be cheap with toppings, or maybe the owner is a jerk and is forcing cooks to be cheap with toppings that are unique to him/her, or maybe the pizza is really good but the price is just too damn high. :(  it's a shame too, because the place really is that good."" ""ordered 2 larges. one all dressed one plain. got blacked out.i also ordered spicy with bell peppers,hamilton with tomato sauce,scallions and fresh cracked black pepper.the ordering was good, but as someone with medium complexion,i was "
4061,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the meat is dry and underdone.  the crust is puffed up and hard.  the taste is like it was poured straight off the oven.  the ratio of sauce to cheese on the pizza was 1:4 ratio.  the pizza was bland, uninteresting, and completely forgettable.  it's hard to imagine anyone ever eating this again, not unless they really hate pizza."" pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made and gave off noxious fumes.romply awful.home made is good but this was very much like frozen basic and i've got ketchup on it. ""called in and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  once "
4062,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.iburton is a bait and switch. rather than being surprised when they drop it off, you're more likely to be disappointed."" ""better late than never, here we are.  giving them one more chance gives us reason to keep waiting.  last night was a disappointment.  we ordered chicken tenders, which came out cold and wasn't very good.  we ordered cheese pizza, which took a super long time to come (even though it was still not very busy), and when it finally came out we were left with chicken wings .  good thing too, because that's what we were craving.  we need to try more than one kind, and only then.  there's no reason a medium cheese pizza that's "
4063,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!! nobody cares that it's Panda, but the customer service was absolutely terrible!!!!! my server was like one person in a conference room and the whole thing took over 45 minutes to process. now i'm sitting here waiting for two solid slices of pizza just to be tossed in the trash. how is this a pizza town? it's a joke. ""this will be my last time here.   i ordered a large pizza with a side of meat, it ended up being a small pizza with meat and no meat, what in god's name was going on? i asked for the pizza """"well done"""" and i got a blank stare.   the pizza was not that great, just ok. it might be the most useless "
4064,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it after edc last night, we got home and were starving and found their menu slipped under the door of our hotel room, it took over an hour to arrive, then when it got here it was 1 pizza short and we had 1 extra two-liter bottle of pepsi.  when we had ordered, the woman on the phone when we ordered, repeated our order back to us and it did include only 1 pepsi and 3 pizzas instead of the two we got.  i told the delivery guy we didn't order two bottles and he just gave me attitude and said: """"it's what the receipt says, it's just $3 more"""".  i didn't care that it "
4065,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you'll be let down after the fourth bite. every slice is a thin crust. i first saw the news feed for the order and it read, """"i'm sorry, but we can't keep this for any reason""""  i waited for three and a half hours with no order because they were cutting corners on the pizza.   the pizza was cold and my wings were under cooked.   what infuriates me is that this is how they advertise.   however, this is a very good pizza. the crust is not as fall off to smith as in sempre, and the toppings are plentiful.   i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the "
4066,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. it's a cross between burnt ends and frozen waists…   the prices are perfect.  we were entertained for a while by the mishaps, but the overall experience was awful.    we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  fully nude beach front, no one around, nothing.just remember, no one counts as sexy when they walk in the door...  it's a bad sign when your first visit to nude beach...  underwhelmed?   really hungry?   vaguely okay with the menu?   ok... "
4067,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i gave no fucks if you guys use parmesan cheese on it, it's like eating chicken tenders from a box. plus, how can you feed an army of hungry soldiers if you can't even feed yourself?  i can't even go to that place anymore. they ruined my appetite.  it's a shame too, because the food is good in it's place. just remember, every time someone orders a pizza, they're ordering it with asiago, which is pretty standard.  if you want to overspend on something you can get better at your local diner...come here."" ""quick review:  food:  delicious,  not so great for size,   but very "
4068,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered a chicken wrap and my friends got their own salad. the chicken was fine but the salad was dryer than store bought and lacking in variety. my husband tried a pasta with meat sauce and was upset by the taste. the restaurant is in dire need of an overhaul. the service was lacking as well. my waiter only showed up once with a 'handshake' of some sort.   there are many other places in the vegas area with better pizza and better service."" ""we have been here twice now. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. the second time i went with my brother and i think i "
4069,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, minimum wage, no benefits, no flexibility..."" still yuck!"" this is the worst pizza i've ever had. the cardboard crust was so bland it made you want to toss it. the cheese was low quality, the sauce was blahh, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we have an infant child under 6 and a meat cutting board across the hall. which i really want to try, but the pizza is too gross to handle.  this could be rated as one of the do-nots in the midwest, because we've had "
4070,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i had ordered a pizza a few weeks ago with great expectations and was excited to try it out. my wife and i decided to try the regular and the white pizza, the white pizza being the more common colour. the pizza was okay, our waiter was decent, but the crust seem pre-made and the cheese was low quality. we've ordered this same pizza at other businesses, not so great. go to a different business."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  first of all, i have had a $5 off an order of $20 or more coupon for.. well, i can't even tell you how long. every time i call to place an "
4071,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had 1 spare two-liter bottle of pepsi and 1 pepsi per child. the pizza was lukewarm and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. too bad. it's the worst pizza i've ever had."" ""worst delivery in the las vegas pizza market.  the food is good, but the service sucks.   we tried to order a pizza on time, but were told to expect delay(s).  if we didn't want to wait, we could just leave.  we were able to leave about 20 minutes early.    we were able to order the correct pizza toppings in about 45 minutes after ordering, not 40 minutes as was advertised "
4072,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it super spicy so i ordered a regular pepperoni instead of the super spicy. the pizza was so unappetizing. i didn't even get through half of it before i said forget it. their spicy ranch dressing was so unappetizing. i was hoping someone could put some new stuff together and give it some life. maybe i'm a skeptic, but i don't buy into 'peter piper' or anything. man, does it take a genius to figure out how to put together a great pie.   my review:  it's a 10-inch pie, so it's gonna be big.  but, for the cost ($15+) and with the crust so bland, it's "
4073,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. our server was rude and took over an hour to have our pizza ready. we had ordered a pizza on our way home from a 40 min drive and was on our way back when we were handed a phone call that it was being made. guess we'll have to wait another hour just to get a new one.   we picked this place bc of the negative reviews and bc we were hungry. people are rushing to judgment based on anonymous bad reviews, which is why there is always someone else taking the blame. the server was ok, young man. young. He could have been in his 20s. he had on a trench coat and carried a cane.   we got the 6 meat pizza. it was lukewarm "
4074,2,Negative," Terrible pizza too bad"" i'm with tatiana in that she probably just wants one slice because she's too poor to pay for two more.  ""i remember sitting in our restaurant last night, sipping our amazing new pepperoni pizza, and immediately thought to myself, ""how in the world did this terrible city get this good?""  well, let me tell you how in just one sentence: by paying no attention to the sauce, no matter how nice the dough, no matter how much i love the pizza, or how much i just want to hate everyone who cooks it, and that's just not good pizza.   i remember one of the specials had shrimp pizza with bell peppers, like in true test kitchen fashion. "
4075,2,Negative," Terrible pizza."" ""...the pizza was undercooked and tough. you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery was nice. size and flavor of pizza not so appealing to me. tasted like frozen wiener, or something. this is pretty bad pizza. i would never order again. would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""this will be your last time here. too many mistakes, not enough food, and not enough fun. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have "
4076,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. nobody that was making it seems to have any idea what they're doing. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i think i'll pass. seriously? the pizza is cold. not even hot. their delivery times are exorbitant. most likely because it is their busiest time of the day, and they have to give it to the next person that walks in the door.   however, this has happened multiple times. a customer recently in wearily weathered a storm and was denied service for over an hour. they refused to refund her $20 for the inconvenience and put her on hold to see if she could provide a $20 gift for her patience. she "
4077,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! you wont find it here anymore!!we ordered a pizza, it was not hot at all, our waiter said it would be ready in 20 minutes. 40 minutes later it was. man, does this place suck. areas are hard to come by, we used to have a parking lot across the street but that was years ago. we used to have a nice big backyard with a pond in it and a fire pit. i remember going for a few drinks with my brother and sister-in-law one night and the host was closing down the patio so they wouldn't have to walk all the way in. that was a great experience. i still have that one tonight undercook, i think it's new york bambinos "
4078,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  our server was a little aggressive, she yelled at us a couple of times and when we asked her to wait a second she just stood there with her hand on the table.  i had high hopes for the place and will give it another shot.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular "
4079,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. rude host, horrible customer service. just bad customer service."" ""i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years. i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a bad tip either way and always get a good pizza. i tipped $20 against my card for the misspelled pizza. no one addressed me. srsly why can't they take that away from us? hint: more garlic. hint two minutes later the pizza was still not delivered. guess i'll try the pizza from now on."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was "
4080,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, saw an opening and ate it. opened up another and was greeted by a thin crust.  the pizza was undercooked and bare. won't be ordering from there again."" ""ordered and picked up two days ago and have been order for delivery -30C-60F-pizza. got a call the same hour it was supposed to be delivered. confirmed it was there - minutes later, it was here. called and were told it was being fired and would be delivered soon. no answer after that. so we had to wait. brampton food with a bad service is not my idea of good food.  i usually try new pizzas when i get home, but i was a little skeptical about this one "
4081,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i waited in line to get my food for over 45 min before the guy behind the glass even opened up. he must have knew from there the pizza was terrible because when i asked if we could get a pizza elsewhere in the store that was a no go. i would've preferred if we got a frozen pizza so we could try it out after waiting in line so much. how awful is this?   we got our pizza about 45 mins after the posted time. it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto our plate. the oil was barely edible. we could've had a fish gun without the oil. the salad was okay. salmon was undercooked and bland, while the grits and fried steak sticks "
4082,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i had high hopes for this place and will never go back."" ""i was hoping this place would breathe new life into once and for all toronton snow cone culture.  unfortunately it seems as though this is the new regular steam punk pizza city.  sad to say but true; new life for a once great pizza place."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for "
4083,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!! had to go to another store that carries it ...."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and nobody to care for you but you and your dog, what are you going to do?  do you want to stay and wait for help?  do you want to stay and give them a bad review because you were stranded for so long without food?   if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and nobody to care for you but you and your dog, what are you going to do?  do you want to stay and wait for help?  do you want to stay and give them a bad "
4084,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it cold and it took over 2 hours to arrive. waited a few minutes and left.  we did not get the garlic crust.  one of the specials stated that they did not deliver garlic crust, they just gave us a bag of frozen crust. we were mislead as to what we were ordering.  if that was the only time this had happened i would give it no stars, but it is just one too many.  to be fair the price is good and the staff are nice  they serve all of Chicago and the surrounding area.  if you want fancy pizza with lots of crust, this is your place.  if you want a more standard pizza, you're better off going to pizza hut, "
4085,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered it home and boy am i glad i didn't order through papa john's. this is the shit.  ordered a chicken wrap with a side of broccoli and it was insane. the broccoli should have been a pain in the ass. it was wilted and wilted and wilted. there was no flavor. just blandness. the chicken was missing its own flavor and tasted like it came from a box. there was no marinara dipping sauce and the crust was dried up and underdone. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was guilty of sounding like it came from a jar. i had high hopes for this place and will give it another shot. i'm hoping it doesn't go the way of panera, but i "
4086,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered chicken tenders from here many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead. this has happened multiple times. when going back they did not even apologize and  they "
4087,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. waiting 20 minutes for food #16 on a clear, no ice. our server was starting to sound like he was getting on the same page as the cooks, which is great. but, why is the pizza so terrible? and if it's not so terrible, why is the price so reasonable on indianapolis-basedrrrrrr???  i got my own to go, not to pay for parking, not to eat, not to drink. i got my own food, not to complain... just to be clear. the pizza was gross. the sauce was good... but i don't usually get political, not when it comes to food. ""food was great but as someone who has been to several devotions in se "
4088,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. overcharged + lied to over and over again by the same person. i was shocked when i received my pizza. not only did the crust not come through, but the toppings had holes in them and were missing. this was odd in that the pizza should have been through a greasy bbq dip, not this. bbq should have been good. not worse than milkshakes. ""i have been here twice. both times were a great disappointment. first time, i ordered a large pizza with great toppings, two kinds of kalamata and garlic butter. i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i ordered anyways. terrible. i said to the server, """"oh i got "
4089,2,Negative," Terrible pizza."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer, so i didn't. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid driving his own "
4090,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. arrived to find that their crust was soggy / gummy where as my husband's favorite was sweet potato pie.  terrible.  picked a side of 3 pizzas: the 'long read' - a slice of pizza with no condiments, no charcuterie board, just bland goodness. the bartender is throwing the towel in the […] this place is terrible.  just got back! and yelp says it was the worst two days of my life!  so we're on pizza 2.0.5 - 2.5 because that's what everyone is posting on yelp about.  this place is so bad.  review of the pizza:  it was 2.5 stars for me, "
4091,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we asked for half sick burn $7 and half ketchup $4.49 on the house.  the cookery school told us the cookery was mediocre.  """"it depends on the occasion"""".  wtf?  what constitutes an occasion?  once i had a pizza that was 19% cancer-free.  the other 20% was left over.  that was a mistake.  they should have stuck with the bacon crust. it was so greasy.  it was bland. and lastly; if the pizza is 20% cancer-free, why the heck isn't it hot enough?  it must be very busy during the day, right?  if the pizza is 20% cancer-free, why "
4092,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!  ordered from here a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i'm  being generous with the 1 star rating ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a large pizza with a side of meat, chicken, or vegetable. all of my favorite sauces were on this pizza. i asked for the meat crust and the guy gave me the standard pablo picasso crust. i took a bite and was immediately hunger pangs away. this place is terrible.  it is very hard to find good pizza in phoenix, and they aren't very good at it either. they might have been the worst pizza i have ever had in my life. the guy had it wrong on several occasions, and "
4093,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  it's more like frozen disk jockey than pizza.   the shop is ugly.  it had peeling tile and old shutters.  it had no business being a pizza shop.  it didn't have the charm of a chic woman with a beard in the square.    they don't wear gloves cooking pizzas ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most fre "
4094,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i waited an hour and 20 minutes for two pizzas that were obviously sitting in the cold for hours. one pepsi and one lemonade. both pepsi tasted like ice. the lemonade was so uninteresting i just gave it up. the pizza was mediocre. had to get the ice. this is the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten. guard rails? Get a cutlery! i would rather eat my pizza straight out of the oven. this should be in the food pyramid."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. "
4095,2,Negative," Terrible pizza  if you want bad reviews, come here and get it now."" ""very mediocre pizza. if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and you're really hungry, you'd be better off walking to the circle k and getting a snack to tide you over til help arrives. to everyone who gave it lots of stars, you need to get out more and live a little...and eat better pizza."" ""normally we love papa john's, but they don't deliver to our place.  we really wanted pizza so ordered carryout from where we live in deforest.  the selection of sandwiches is pretty limited so we went with the classic pepperoni and kalamata.  the pizza was "
4096,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  they don't deliver to me, they just drive up in the other direction and stuff.  my kid actually saw them put the order in the oven and ask if they could put it in the oven a little longer because they were putting it in the hot sheers.  they were putting it in the oven for over 45 min before the kid left the store.  so they weren't even hot.  they were putting it in the oven long enough for the kid to leave but not so hot that he had to sit outside and they wouldn't let him in.    the pizza was cold and didn't have much flavor.  it's not like in the past when they've changed it up and done something new. "
4097,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i had high hopes for your business and will never order from you again. i ordered a large pizza with a side of alfredo and alfredo sauce, two meats and a fish. my pizza was completely not good. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the cheese was drenched in oil. what a mess. i was there twice: once for a delivery and once for a lunch. the first time i ordered, told my son the name of the pizza and he showed up and i had to keep going to pick it up. he never even came close to the correct pizza crust. the other time i ordered the same thing but with a different sauce and it took forever to get the sauce off of the "
4098,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you'd think it was from chicago's best either way."" ""i came in to the city from out of state for the second time in as well as the 30th time in asia.   our server was a little on the small side, very unassuming. he even wore a gray fedora. all in all, i would rate him as mediocre at best.  however, he did everything a little on the small side. he even had leftover nacho cheese sauce from before.   for my pizza, i ordered a chicken wrap with extra sauce. for $12, i would have expected a little more sauce added to the mix, but for $12, i would have expected a bit "
4099,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you name it we get it. we get it with only one hand. that's not saying a lot going for it's size, but the quality is lacking.   the sauce is typical chicago style, but with white pepper and garlic.  the pizza was tempura worthy.   i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  there are also a lot of empty seats in the restaurant.   there are a lot of personal ads in the paper and on television for the place.   there are a lot of salads for 60$ - 65$. for a great deal. "
4100,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.   italian beef is over cooked and tastes like it was boiled in a microwave.  the bruschetta is horrible.  the chicken is too lean and not flavorful.  the bruschetta is horrible.   and the wings are tough.  we ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged us for them, and refused to refund us.  while we did not see the delivery charges, they were still substantial.  we were charged a flat $1 for the stick of butter, not even getting a penny for the dairy-based product in the mix.  we were even charged for the dairy-free marinara dipping sauce!  we were told that the wings came from "
4101,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. just bad. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer, so that's how it ended up being. i don't know how the pizza is now, how it's been changed, or even if it ever was here. all i know is that i won't be ordering from this restaurant again. this is definitely not worth the trouble, and if you insist on eating here, come here and treat us like humans first. we appreciate the respect, but don't be a burden on them. we love being in the mood for pizza, not just because it's cheap, but also because it makes us feel welcome. please know that we're always available "
4102,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i had high hopes for this place and will never come back. worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i had a 22 year old girl who ordered a pizza for 20$ and was shocked to find that the meat was dryer than expected. she had to pay for the dry meat which she tried to eat anyway. i had a 40$ pizza that was finally delivered to our table and was sitting there for over 45min before it left the store. this was in spite of being told that the pizza was still at the same location as our other ordered items. the kid behind the counter was fairly happy (i happen to be a kid-loving kid), but the server entirely forgot our pizza. she only showed up once "
4103,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it from another store and the manger seemed very uncertain on how to cut it up. he cut it up into small squares and handed them out. i took them all home and cut them up into small squares. i liked the fresh cut grass pieces and the smoky bacon under the mix in the midle of the eggs. the sausage, on the other hand, was unremarkable. maybe it was because it was the first time i've received it as a pizza, but the sausage was underdone and dried out. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find a place in the vegas area that does not have their own take on italian sausage, and i will never do so, regardless of who "
4104,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i waited all day for this and was told that it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. two hours later we're still waiting. their pizza tastes like frozen diabetes with sesame seeds. they should put lard in it, that'll do it. ""i have been here four or five times. the first couple were a few months ago and i thought the pizza and pasta was great! i'm from chicago and loved the pizza here. the second time i came in to dine and they forgot the pasta. i called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. i asked for the cookbook and they gave me a blank page. i looked through the fine print and it said """"ok"""" "
4105,2,Negative," Terrible pizza every time. i've even ordered it twice... both times were failed state.  the first time, we ordered a meat pie. the second time, we ordered a meat sauce. the sauce was so bland it was basically condiments... nothing better than a box of frozen bad pizzas.   i don't know if the business model is right for this place.  it's not like it used to be gold chain pizza, where the crust was gold plated and the toppings were fresh and real.  here, the crust is blahh, the toppings aren't nearly good enough to wear as a topping, and the crust is dryer than a box of frozen bad pizzas.   most of the reviews "
4106,2,Negative," Terrible pizza and customer service all around. this is why i don't eat it all together."" ""i waited in my car with my 2 month old hurt and no other car. no one came to check on us. our water broke under the carrier and we had to wait for the cookout. we didn't get to taste the food yet, but i will post pics when i do.  i waited in my car with my 2 month old hurt and no other car. no one came to check on us. our water broke under the carrier and we had to wait for the cookout. we didn't get to taste the food yet, but i will post pics when i do.  at no time did the employee tell us that "
4107,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. it's like eating at a restaurant that's never been in your life.   our meal today was terrible. our server was really good, not great like in the movies, but okay.  the bruschetta was really good, not over powered like in the movies, but still good. the pizza was soggy and undercooked, not like in the movies.  the wait for a table was unbearable. we had to stand.  a table should never be a stand, it's an invasion of privacy.  a table should never be a smidge over prepared, it's an invasion of privacy.  a table should never have been reserved in the first place, it's an invasion of privacy.  a "
4108,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again.  i think it might be frozen digorno.    also  i think the pricing is a little high for the quality, but the pizza is good.  if you want italian cut steak, not so good.  if you want italian beef, not so good.  if you want italian chicken, not so good.  if you want italian sausage, not so good.  if you want italian beef, tomato, and onions, you're better off going to primavera or find a different place."" ""not impressed with this place at all "
4109,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. bought 2-3x large pizzas, had them delivered, and was told that the pizzas were too small.  the pizza was bland, cold, and missing the necessary balance of tanginess and chew.  it's probably the most disappointed customer I have ever been at Papa John's."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, unclear menu, and generally underhanded. our server was more interested in playing poker than our meal. we were seated and served our food within 30 min.   when our server brought the pizza to our attention, he indicated that he worked "
4110,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. let alone take-out. how is this legal in your state? won't be returning."" ""if i could i could give 0 stars i would.  we were sat in and around the restaurant a great deal of the time, and i recall we were given some paper pizza for taking home but we were told it was not as good as the dough we used at home.   we also ordered mozarella sticks and i used my debit card.   we had told the server we would be back in 2-3 weeks time which she then assured us was not going to happen.   i then asked if we could just get a cashier instead of the server i had ordered, the bartender then "
4111,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i waited 20 minutes for two pizzas and when they finally arrived they were incredibly cold! not a happy customer."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not a happy customer. i called in and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes. tried to call back and of course the guy hung up on me. great customer service. great food. i will never order from here again. not worth the hassle.  not sure why  i was charged for two pizzas that were obviously not made in house. also not sure why their pizza is always so bad....i've ordered italian forever and it "
4112,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i had high hopes for the place and will never come back. ""i used to like their sandwiches, but twice already: once on the patio and again inside. i should have known, i should have taken a picture of the second pass, but i wasn't that impatient. the second time i went inside, the service was slow and inattentive, the pizza was fine. but, the quality of the sauce and cheese is so-so. the mozzarella sticks i ordered were surprisingly big (i'm not that picky) and had no flavor. and the crust was dried up and underdone. i'm not that picky, but when i want a really big stick of butter in a small size, not "
4113,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. these people are below average intelligence  who think they are smarter than the rest of us. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad pizza (best pizza in the store .. executed well) that i have been to that little caesars pizza that is above average intelligence pizza. little caesars is one of the few places that still makes good pizza. ""when i got home to eat my pizza it barely had any cheese, banana peppers and pepperoni. next time i'll pay the extra fee for more toppings, if i ever from here again."" ""the last time we ordered from this place is took an hour "
4114,2,Negative, Terrible pizza.  ordered kids asap.  the pizza was ok.  the kid's pizza was sliced all the way thru with no browning.  there is no way that this is good pizza.  it's got nothing good to it.  it's got too much salt and not enough flavor.  it's also got a weird crust.  it's got a grainy dry texture with very little flavor.    the most disgusting thing about their pizza is when it's been sitting out for over an hour with no one home.  that was my 2nd visit.  that one was during an outdoor patio hour when it wasn't a ice storm in the area.  we waited 20 minutes for a man at the door 
4115,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the times they have great pizza, but the crust was chandler stuffed crust.  the meat was light and fleshy, not like in the east.  the sauces were nice but the cheese was low quality.    service was adequate.   i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""used to be a good place. has gone downhill the last few years. i already know their pizza is not good anymore, it was when they first opened, but i was in the mood for pasta and decided to give them a chance to redeem themselves .   i ordered to go and when "
4116,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  had. ordered. received. was cursing the heck out of my face and slammed shut behind the bar. loser. it never fails. i'm surprised no one has figured it out yet.  this is a great example of why so many people don't eat pizza.  it's so bland.  it's hard on the wallet.  it's hard on the neck.  it's hard on the soul.  it's easy to mess up the order, order wrong stuff, get it wrong again and again, and the list goes on and on.  wow, i'm sorry.  i don't know how this thing is so damn good.    it might be worth the trip to romania "
4117,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!!! waited for an hour for the food to come. no one addressed us. l we ordered drink which took over two minutes to get. ice was so blue....definitely not from sitting under a tap. won't be ordering from them again."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, realizing i forgot my purse at work when i went to pick it up. no offer to look up my card number or anything so who knows what happened with the food - hopefully it did not go to waste. after about an hour and a half when i was on my way home again at 9:40, 20 min away, i called again to order, "
4118,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. started off with a medium cheese. now they call it a ""thin crust"". i've been here twice... both times were a piece of ***** worst than this. i don't know why they let this one keep the title. name is kate and the owner is a piece of sh*t. killed my husband on the second.   so, the pizza is decent, the service sucks, and the wait for a table is ridiculous."" ""last night my family at cicis  pizza.  we hadn't eaten in this restaurant for a few weeks and were looking for a restaurant near our house.  i ordered a pizza with a meat sauce and a salad.  the boy that answered the phone that night "
4119,2,Negative," Terrible pizza 7ONETHERE!!! i'm from california and we are looking for a pizza.nt only because of politics, but also because we want one now.nostalgic pizza tastes great with friends and family.this is not it!!"" ""this was the worst pizza i have ever eaten. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a pizza franchise...but it was too horrible to eat.  my recommendation is: go to a grocery store that deals with frozen foods, like arch, or very good for frozen foods like farmer's market, and you will probably be happy here "
4120,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again.  i think it might be frozen digorno.  i also think the cheese was made on time ...very late one of the night owls came by and they told us it was never coming.  i don't know.  but either way - bad service, terrible food - and they reek of gasoline. don't waste your time complaining to them - drive to your location and enjoy the parks. ""this review is based on my experience with them, not stars or anything. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past "
4121,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we asked for frozen so we could try it after eating it.  the guy froze the pizza, took it off the hook and never returned it.  I told the waiter we were leaving and left cash for the food.  the guy just shrugged his shoulders and said """"do what you have to"""".  i don't think i've ever seen such a rude customer service in my life.  a 10 minute wait for a table that was made for 6 is unacceptable.  we were told that we could eat outside!  our pizza was lukewarm and tasted what i assume of old lady's socks.  wewere told that we could eat soda and other things we considered tasteless.  wewere shown pizza that looked "
4122,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i was looking for a place to eat and i ended up going to dominos ! the food is better then this then! the dirty rotten pizza taste like it was mixed with toilet paper. this is the dirt cheap pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried two kinds: the breakfast sausage and the tomato soup. the sausage was horrible. i should have taken a picture. the soup was good. i should have taken a picture of the ceiling fan going out the back door and posted it on instagram. the guy behind the counter was ok. i got my own plate, not sure what happened to the kindness that post office employees are known for. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem "
4123,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. worker was nice but the manger wasn't apologetic or anything.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked up a notch.   the prices are a little high for what they offer and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, the proprietors and management can use an attitude adjustment.  a server belittled the busboy in front of us once when the busboy brought to me a glass of wine that was only half full.  another "
4124,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  our server was a little aggressive, he even said """"give me my money back"""" once.  he also tried to pull a fast one on us and ended up just asking for our money back.  what a mess this place is.  we could have fed four more people so we just wanted to leave.  we had a menu shoved under our door.  it wasn't very nice.  one of the specials had chicken with rice and carrots.  the other had chicken with bell peppers and broccoli.  the rice and carrots were missing from the special.  the chicken was tough and missing the skin on the center.  the broccoli was wilted and bland.  the sauce was runny and tasted like it "
4125,2,Negative, Terrible pizza! - it was undercooked and bare. - the guy behind the counter seemed like an asshole who might as well be breaking a sweat. - the guy behind the curtain seemed like an asshole who might as well be working in customer service. - the guy who prepares the pizza seems like an asshole who might as well be working in customer service. - the guy who makes the sauce seems like an asshole who might as well be working in customer service. - the guy who folds the pizza seems like an asshole who might as well be working in customer service. - the guy who cuts the pizza seems like an asshole who might as well be working in customer service. - the guy who sorts the orders seems like an 
4126,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. our server was rude and took extreme offense when i stated that i was only here for 20 minutes. she then cuts me off mid sentence to say """"oh yeah i got busy"""". i told her """"it is what it is"""". she then cuts me off mid sentence to say """"well how am i supposed to know?"""". i said """"well how am i supposed to know that this is good pizza?"""". she then cuts me off mid sentence to say """"well how am i supposed to know that this is good pizza?"""". i said """"well how am i supposed to know that this is bad pizza?"""". she then cuts me off mid sentence to say """"well how am i supposed to know that this is bad pizza?"""". "
4127,2,Negative," Terrible pizza..i was looking for a pizza and was disappointed. this is not good pizza. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped "
4128,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. meant to be shared. not intended for 6. children under 3 mos. or anyone else for that matter."" ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza from there, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom.  the cannolis were just ok, not as good as the greasy old reliable things like domino's crust, but good enough "
4129,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a little burnt. not sure why the crew is cooking it so much longer.  this time i ordered Chicken Alfredo with a side of linguine. the guy seemed pretty uncertain on how to roll the chicken, so he just kind of stuck it in the pan, then when he finished rolling the chicken he put the lid on the pot and forgot to wash the hands. i waited an hour for the guy to come back and wash my hands. i waited another 45 minutes for "
4130,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. nothing better than a cold dry pizza. i would avoid this place. ""we ordered a pizza for delivery, and waited 2 and a half hours with no delivery. called and the manager said they overlooked the order, we asked for a full refund and they gave us $10 off.  delivery guy finally showed up and we had already ordered chinese.  horrible customer service.  if the pizza is over 2 hours late, give it for free.  better yet, never order from a pizza place that takes 2 hours to deliver!!!"" ok so they charge a lot just for a single slice of pizza but what gets me is they charge a lot for what looks like old pizza that they reheat just to give to you which "
4131,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered a chicken wrap and my friends said it was too fatty to eat. my husband tried a gluten-free diet pizza and it was horrible. the mozzarellasticks were amazing. i gave no f*cking thankss or anything. i'm a consumerist. not a socialist. and not a cheap guy either. so the pizza was pretty good. minus the wings. not worth the trip and pretty gross."" ""texas pizza tastes like frozen taco porn.   the prices are insane, get a box of frozen pizza, you can't even get that in texas.   don't waste your money eating here"" ""texas pizza is horrible. we ordered a pizza a few weeks ago and it "
4132,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it because it might be good for dinner and we got home and it was totally not good. it's like the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  we tried to call back and of course no answer.  this was very disapointing for the fact we were on the fence about returning because our child is chicken dependent and we didn't want to waste his money.  we will try other places.  we got the 11-ingredient pizza.  that's 11 slices of cheese, brown sugar, and spice.  they do not prepare the pizzas to order large pepperoni slices.  we ordered medium pizza because it was the only thing on "
4133,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  - it depends on what you're looking for.  if you're looking for a quick bite to eat and don't mind spending an extra $5 or $6, then you'll probably be let down after the fourth bite.   - the pizza tonight tasted like frozen dental floss.   - the prices are great, but they're pushing the envelope with what they're putting in the freezer.  what I've come to expect from papa john's, but not this time.    - if you're concerned about the environment, then your pizza should be in the freezer.  not sitting on top of it.    - if you're concerned about food safety, then your "
4134,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered it while my parents were in dallas and the entire pizza was burnt. we even ordered chicken parmesan on top of the pizza to try and thaw it out. the staff was super nice and delivery times are even better. if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza delivery. either figure your system out, or give it up.   if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepper "
4135,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! thought i'd give it a try.  the thing is, the pizza isn't nearly hot enough to eat.. one giant 16inc pizza.  i could give it an inch, but why wouldn't you let me know when i'm in the mood??  i'm a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  therefore, i am aware of the potentially dangerous situation wherein i am sitting in a public space where i am exposed to the elements for a significant period of time.  that being said, i have been a regular of theirs since they opened, and i have to say they are consistently good, if not great, i.e. the crab cake is spectacular "
4136,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i prefer plain cheese but it was my son's pizza...i do not order if it is going to be delivered to hotel. every time we order pizza it has to be warmed some more. the pizza was cold and tasted like it had been sitting under a hot car for hours. we had ordered it a little over an hour and 20 minutes when it finally showed up it was still warm and we were waiting for the cookst to put the lid on. we waited for over 45 min before the cook stoke was able to get the pizza down onto a flaky, flat surface that we could eat. they gave us a "
4137,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  it's gotten worse over the years, i can tell you that.  it's just not very good pizza.  it's like, the thickness of pancetta that comes out of a box of frozen pizza is substantially less than half as thick as a thick crust pizza.  that's not pizza.  thin crust pizza is just dough that's been kneed a lot.  that's how uhhhmm i would describe this pizza.  it's rough.  rough on the bottom, but not so rough on the top that it falls apart easy.  this is the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  i tried the regular and the white pizza.  the white pie "
4138,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!! our server was equally terrible. she did not come by to check on us but i spoke to host later that night and she said she never had a problem with that person. anything with alcohol..? i don't know.  we didn't get much pizza due to alcohol but we did get 2 pizzas anyways. the pizza was under cooked and missing the meat pieces that are on a 12 inch pizza. you'd think that after a couple of pep talks the pizza chef would have figured it out by now. not so. they brought in a new cook the next day and were testing out some of the old recipes. one of the new recipes they were testing out was """"easy"""" pasta. i don't know how that came "
4139,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. unlimited pepperoni,kalamata,etc. not even a try. customer service was good.i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an awful cold disgusting pizza. again!!!!! i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an awful cold disgusting pizza. again!!!!! customer service was good.i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an awful cold disgusting pizza. again!!!!! i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an awful cold disgusting pizza. again!!!!! i waited in my car with my 2 month old newborn for almost an hour!!!! "
4140,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the guy who made it gave me a soggy bag with soggy sauce on it.  i had ordered a pizza a few weeks before this and it was always so delicious.  not this time.    weeks after ordering, i received a call from gary saying that their phone lines were busy and that they should probably get this in writing. i don't usually order in writing, but sometimes a line needs to be cut.   i later learned that gary was on vacation and did not available for comment.   my husband orders delivery for $30 and we get a free pizza for $20.    we pay for the pizza and lose $20.   "
4141,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it expecting a little something extra in the form of a pat on the back, and instead got a giant greasy mass of oil. the oil was clotted up into a noose like it was made for tying up, and it was burning. i'm not kidding. it was as if the restaurant was trying to tell us a trick, rather than give us a compliment on how good our pizza was.    we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza. the salumi plate was nice but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three meats. the pizzas looked good but were pretty tasteless - the cheese was bland, the sauce was bland and missing the necessary balance "
4142,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  it's even got a bad rep in the area.  so, is the new domino's better than the old?   yes, but that's not saying much-- it moves up from negative stars to 1, perhaps1.5 stars.  the cheese and toppings are much improved.  the cheese abundant and tasty and the mushrooms were thickly sliced whole brown mushrooms.  this is a huge improvement over the old domino's, and i'm extremely happy with the food."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i got home and it was burnt. i had ordered chicago just recently and they said it would be ready in 45 minutes. "
4143,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i think i will drive a little further to one of the many other pizza places in my area that serve great pizza."" ""once again, i wait for a pizza order to be delivered and see it trucks out the door within minutes. twice now-- once on the phone, once inside. i waited for an hour and 20 minutes for a broken down pizza. the other time i ordered a pizza and it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. i waited with my kids and husband for an hour before the kids showed up and the pizza was cold. they just left our cash register and went to another location.   "
4144,2,Negative," Terrible pizza and extremely rude service. should have been obvious that this is a pizza and a sh... ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as well... open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a freak show.  waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy "
4145,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!! this is the worse one i've ever eaten, the cardboard was pretty bad too... i could have fed 2 more people so i don't know how they stay in business.  and they refuse to give any kind of discount to those with diabetes, unless you eat it straight out of the box, in which case i'm guessing the pizza is made in a factory somewhere and shipped frozen and thawed out of the package.   i got my bad pizza from here a few months ago and it was absolutely horrible. it was warm and some of the toppings were still fresh. but the crust, cheese and sauce -- i could have fed 2 more people.   do yourself a favor and go to mod or pie "
4146,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i waited for 5 minutes watching him stack the pizza with pizzas,   put stickers on pizza,  placed it on the break room to be ready for 20 more minutes,  watched his T-shirt get dirty.  i had to stand.  he had his hand around the neck of the pizza,  and he wasnt wearing a shirt.  he must have remembered to put the sticker on.  he must have really wanted to hurry up and put the order in,  because he never came back.  oh, and to top it off, he never even came home with the pizza.  he left a hand drawn note on the door saying sorry we will open at 11,  when they should have opened at 10 "
4147,2,Negative," Terrible pizza that should have been hot when it came out, not cold. they didn't even bother to put the note on the box that read sorry we will open later. instead of getting a good pizza they got really good. i would have preferred them being honest and getting it correct the whole time. yeah that's a little extortionate but the whole thing was too fatty for my opinion.   also they don't bother to put the price on the box, which is odd in my opinion. it's more like $35 plus tip for a cold pizza."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more "
4148,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  ordered recently & will be back. waited a few minutes & a customer came back to check on us we mentioned to her that the pizza was on the greasy side. she then said """"well it's my fault for ordering from dominos,"""" i replied, she then got very snotty quick and snapped """"oh yeah, that's how it is. you're welcome to keep it or give it up."") she got very animated and i lost my train of thought. i said """"well, what about you? have you ever ordered from here and were turned off by the food? have you ever been turned off by the service? have you?"" she got very snotty quick and snapped """"oh yeah, that's "
4149,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we order it now:  east liberty.    we wait 2 and a half minutes for the pizza:  no pizza.  we ask for pepperoni and mushroom and wait for it all ... with only one crust.  there is no way this is good pizza.  it's awful.  we won't be ordering from this place again.  hit and miss.  trust the customer reviews."" ""ordered two pizzas sunday about 1:20.  they told my wife it would be 45 min. after almost 2 hrs. the pizza showed up. we had ordered 12 wings, 2 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and mushroom and it showed up with only one crust. we asked for more "
4150,2,Negative," Terrible pizza..we had ordered it as a party of 6 and brought it home with us. when we opened up the box, the first thing that hit my lip was that this is supposed to be terrible. i was hoping it would be ok, but i guess it isn't going to be ok. the pizza is super fatty, super salty, and super greasy. the parts that are good together -- the garlic crust, for example -- are so overdressed they taste like nothing. i also spent 18 minutes on this that i don't think i'll be ordering from there again. ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza come out of the oven. waited 5 minutes before the guy behind the counter "
4151,2,Negative," Terrible pizza  our server was a little on the short end of the stick, had no life, and treated us like a piece of meat... a rarity in our household, but we were fed the wrong thing most of the time. this time we ordered a pizza with no condiments, no parsley, no basil, and only 1/4 of a pesto. what ended up being a good pizza: miso soup with as much garlic salt as you can stomach. we ended up just eating half as much as we expected, which was plenty. the soup was good, but not nearly as good as the new domino's pesto, and much saltier. the pizza was mediocre. our server was a little aggressive, and tried to "
4152,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. never in my life have complained to any businesses but this domino's pizza have the bad service and take forever to have the order ready. also the salad was gross. i would skip this place. ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  we were excited to try a new pizza shop, and we were looking for a place close by.  however, we were disappointed to find that this is the closest.   we were exceptionally bad customers. we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza, and it took an hour and a half to get everything.  when we called for delivery, the driver informed us that the pizzas were being prepared.  when we called back, the driver again informed us that "
4153,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  they don't offer small side salads, only large two person salads.  i ordered a strawberry colada swirl and a strawberry colada cookie.  the pizza was super salty and didn't have much flavor.  it was bland, cold, and lacking in anything good.  the cookie had strawberry frosting that was super sweet but was also suspiciously like the frosting in a can.  i'm not even kidding.  it's as if the pizza was made in a blender and then sent back to them.  it's gross.  Plus, how can you serve food and not have a public restroom?  a public restroom is free and always has been.  there is a public area just for staff and customers "
4154,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! we ordered it over the phone and picked up the order. it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto our plates. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay. beach pizza was same as cheese pizza with only meager toppings thinly spread out. the garlic knots were hard enough to toss like a rock.we had to order from papa "
4155,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it over the phone and picked up the order at the drive through window.  this is why we don't order delivery from pizza hut, because their pizza is just ok.  we ordered it because it was supposed to be delivered in 45 mins, got it out before it was even delivered, and guess what - the pizza isn't even hot anymore!!! i'm guessing the pizza wasn't made fresh long enough for the drivers to even heat it up.  if it was fresh, i'd be more inclined to give it a try, but it's pretty rotten. try this at your own risk:  ""this is a shitty pizza. i've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and "
4156,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. crust chandler simply terrible.  no one that i know of tried this sauce and it didn't taste right. i didn't even try it with any condiments. i just used my own. the whole family came in and i said hi to the dog and she seemed ok. she opened up and tried a few different things. i said hi to all and i got a turkey wrap and a strawberry shortcake with a splash of caramilk. her other choices were oak chips or pineapple upside-down. she brought out the spaghetti and ate it too. i said to the cook, ""this is not good. this is not good barbecue."" he put the spaghetti in the trash and i told the cook, ""no it "
4157,2,Negative," Terrible pizza., i was looking for a restaurant with good pizza and decided to try this place. i ordered pizza on my own volition, there is no one else in the restaurant and we were not told we were going to pay with a coin. we were not told the total until we got home. this was odd in my opinion. the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, had not much sauce and the crust looked old. ""this bad...i'm leaving.  too many bad things.  too much sauce, no flavor, weird crust, etc.    this is the ultimate in pepsi war.  you can't drink it if you "
4158,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and was excited to try it out. Unfortunately, it's disappointing to see how the pizza has turned out, because the quality has gone down.  the mozzarella sticks are great, but they're not nearly as good as the pizza they make at madison's.  the tortellini was good, but not nearly as good as the pizza at that restaurant.   i don't know if the businesses are doing too well, and i'm not criticizing them for their success, but they need to step their game and compete in a more competitive market.  than "
4159,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. tasted like frozen Chinese with sesame seeds. should have read as ""saucy pie,"" not been able to tell the difference.  the fish sticks were okay. not bad, but should have had read as pork belly steak. instead of a dry rub, they should have had read as pork belly steak and it would have been much better. the whole thing was over $70, which is a little pricey for the ppl that eat it.  also, stupidly, they charged $5 for each slice of pizza. so you get 1/3 pepsi and 1 with no ice. like dumb ass charges. you dont even get a tip. fuck you c'mere."" ""what an embarrassment of riches!!! "
4160,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it with loin (my favorite bread) saying we would be back. it was so greasy, no flavor, and not the greatest burn. we ended up just eating the filling out of our slice which was good. they also use cheddar cheese in most bites.   they do not wear gloves with pizza preparation, that is very gross. i have had food from here many times expecting to have a great experience, but was disappointed.   please do not support this business."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one "
4161,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i could eat at carrabba's the whole night. how is this a pizza city?? we need to move on."" ""we had heard some good things about this place....so we were excited.  however, it's sub-par at best.  service was slow and inattentive, and the pizza was edible but i don't understand why the couple who own the place charge a lot for it all.  we won't be returning."" ""i have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and i boosted all over facebook about it. i let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place it was as well as how awesome the customer service was. "
4162,2,Negative, Terrible pizza...and i was looking for a union kitchen so i could try the union one pan pizza. all the prices were right but the service was terrible. i waited in line for 5 minutes with no response. my pizza finally arrived but was cold. i had ordered a burrito which should have been hot. i was told that the burrito would be ready in 45 minutes. guess not. no mention of the cold burrito. burritos are supposed to be hot. not this time. fingers down this was the worst experience i've had at a food Co. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem.  i really liked the atmosphere and i understand their need to cater to a specific market. but for $ 
4163,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  ordered #2 cheese plate, 2 meat and 1 cheese.  my pizza was completely forgotten about.  my husband orders, shows up and the pizza is completely forgotten about.  my son also ordered, shows up and the pizza is completely forgotten about.  my son tries to call back, no answer, so i assume they forgot to make the order.  my daughter orders, shows up and the order is wrong.  the girl tries to hang up on me, i say put it on me!  i don't want it!  i want my pizza!  this is awful.  we're ordering from one of the larger chains so we can fix our pizza craving now.  we order delivery, not get delivered "
4164,2,Negative," Terrible pizza last night.  it was undercooked, dry and lacking flavor.  it's so not good.  it should have been named """"sauce"""" and  not been so goddamn hard to love.  it was also missing the golden crust, which is on of the most important parts of a good pizza.  the crust was bland, hard and tough.  the cheese was low quality, the crust was soggy and flavorless, badly executed.    there are many other places in the vegas area that do not suck.    there are many other options for """"pizza"""" in the area and much better pizza than this.  if you want really shitty pizza, come here. if you "
4165,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered differnetly. called and order and was put on hold for over 30 sec. then again the next day. i finally called and was put on hold for calling the police. then again the next day. i got an """"oh sorry"""".    i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an """"oh sorry"""" again. again!!!!  threw them both in the trash  after this stupid experience i will never order from this disgusting disgusting pizza place again. call me a liar. i already know their pizza is bad."" ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a salad and a pizza. their pizza was average. i would "
4166,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i had the 11 year old pizza, the 22 pounder pizza, and the 20 pounder pizza. all the other types of pizza was okay. the pizza was undercooked and bare. the size and shape was perfect. compare it to a 10 year old typical pizza and you'll see what i mean. age does matter, and it was obvious from the get go that this was going to be a great place for parents with small children. the atmosphere was great, no one there was stressed out, and the employees were friendly. one thing that stood out to me is that the pizza today is much better than it was 20 years ago. hmm.. better pizza, but yuck!! still terrible."" ""something has changed for the "
4167,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. if i lived in phoenix i'd be calling this place the same thing. both times i's we's had a 'soft lunch' of some sort, usually consisting of a calzone of deli meat and a slice of pepperoni pizza. neither time was this good.   when i talked to the owner after i ordered, he was pretty flippant about it. he said that he gave the order to his assistant on the way in, and that he didn't remember handing it off. this is very reminiscent of the old days where you'd get rush- or 'light lunch' in the evening on the same menu as your 'regular' food. either way, this is a food that i don't usually get "
4168,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, no idea why the couple who own the shop refuse to make it, cook it, and then flat out refuse to make it right away.  keep telling people it's going to be ready in 15 minutes, give them a time.  it almost seems rushed.  15 minutes after i'm told it will be ready, i'm handed a piece of cardboard with a thousand dried up pepperoni slices on it.  the pizza isn't even hot anymore.  it's been sitting out for over 45 minutes.  people are dying inside, it's a sad state of affairs.   however, this is a great opportunity to get some really good vegan pizza for really cheap in very good shape.  if you're looking for "
4169,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i waited 20 minutes for a guy who said he was working new york time to come over and i got cold feet. this is the most unacceptable waste of time i've ever encountered. i'm guessing the pizza was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza is totally unacceptable. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. ""after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my parents i now know i should have kept waiting.   i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.  luckily a "
4170,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i had high hopes for this place and will never order from them again. i was so excited to order online for my husband's birthday. he ordered chicago style, and of course, the order got delivered late. he explained how the order got there and where their delivery was getting to. my husband asked where their gluten free pizza was because he eats it all the time. my husband got a gluten free pizza and it was awful. i struggled through it because my kids were screaming at me for telling them to take off the gluten free part. but i said """"it's not your fault, it's just how it is."""" my kids were screaming at me for telling them gluten free. i struggled through it because i thought the pizza would "
4171,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it over the phone and picked up the order. when we got home, our pizza was completely forgotten about. it was so greasy, it burned through the paper towels we used to use to use to wash it down. we tried to call back and of course, the order wasn't there. we tried to call back again and of course, the order wasn't there. i even tried to call back to order another pizza, and of course, the person on the phone keeps hitting buttons and telling me the order is still being made.   now, i'm sitting here waiting for two months for a pizza i didn't get to try out yet, and already know is i'm wasting my money. i would rather "
4172,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it cold and forgot it. it took over 2 hours to arrive, then another hour for the same thing.  this whole pizza was microwaveable.  my kid was screaming for pizza so they had to cook it.  they never even get around to cooking it, they just dump it in the garbage.  i would've rather had the pizza than been with that.  over priced and under delivers.  use it sparingly and store it in a glass container.  i would've felt a little ripped off had i paid the extra money for the pizza."" ""a large pizza with sausage (more like pepperoni), mushroom and green peppers for 30$????  are you kidding me?"" nasty! "
4173,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. for the price, its worth every penny. i have never found a place in the vegas area that does not use or offer some form of discount on pizza, and this is a perfect example. the pizza is of no value to me because i do not care about its price, but the service is awful. the one time i went there was a private party and since there were no other people in the restaurant, i was left with 2 large pizzas and 22 wings. the pizza was not up to par of what it is in different states, but it was decent. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the lights were off and foggy. i was disappointed. "
4174,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had to go elsewhere. another terrible experience. go to another hungry howies! ""i wasn't looking for howies, just some random place to get some pizza, but i figured i'd give it a try anyway.   so, howies italian is pretty good, but the way they make it, the crust is almost Picasso-like.  i've had frozen, undercooked, and miso-stuffed versions.  the miso is just watery tomato paste with salt and garlic.  super salty and gross. this is not bad by any means, but it is not wow worthy.    however, the pizza is worth $15 - 18, which is "
4175,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back... i'm not that picky, i just can't stomach bland pizza. my husband likes the milder version so we order that every time. the pizza was soggy and undercooked and we had to throw it out. it was mostly bread crumbs, tomato paste, and garlic salt. the glaze tasted good but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few pieces, that was it. the giant air pockets in the crust were annoying. i was happy when i saw them empty but was bummed when i had to throw them out. the ice cream cookie had holes in it which i cleaned up by hand but still, that's not very good ice "
4176,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!  the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. badly handled. and again we experienced food safety issues. we were there twice: once for lunch and once for dinner. the first time we had to wait in line to get our pizza. we were told it would be ready in 45 minutes. we waited for over 45 minutes and the same guy that was cutting up something had his hand in his pizza. we had two entrees and one vegetarian. we all had to stand. he had his arm around our waist. we were told it was for "
4177,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you will be leaving giordano's very soon. :( ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizzas take 45-60 minutes to prepare.   we shared an entree sized harvest salad. the salad contained fresh mixed greens, dried mix "
4178,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. it was gross. i should have. the sauce was good.used to like the odd thin crust.no longer! i hate thin crust. the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross.the glaze tasted good.used to be a good shop.has gone downhill the last few years.their customer service has also been nonexistent.i ordered a pizza a few weeks ago and left a bad review saying their pizza was blah. today, i was handed a phone call from a different number saying that i must have called that day. this time i was handed a different number and left off the bill. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """" "
4179,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the way it was prepared — waiting for it to cool in the car while my kids were in daycare — was downright gross.  I initially ordered """"well i can try it now that it's cold"""" which was fine.  but then i found myself munching at the same thing i had made for two and was becoming increasingly unhappy.    the cold crust was uninteresting — too doughy, underdone, and not nearly enough flavor to coat half a pizza.  the bruschetta was passable, well done deep dish — but as for the bruschetta itself, well that's just terrible.  it was dry, bland, and forgettable.  the kid in me wants more "
4180,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. when i told the cook the whole family can order pizza and not eat it together. i was honestly so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. well, if the pizza is bad, the sauce is great. maybe i'll try the bacon crust pizza one day...it would be soooo good. muahahaha! never again!"" ""i remember sitting in our lounge one cold, rainy night after a busy working day, and everyone was raving about their favorite pizza. we had just moved to the area and we decided to stop by this location to get a pizza. we were not impressed. italian beef is mediocre at best, and the pizza was dry and bland. we asked "
4181,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i leave you guys out in the cold.   wrongful termination by the incompetent managers."" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i ate too much. this brother's is not as good as a similar place on peoria... but it was decent. i would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. my pepsi tasted fine. the girl who took my order was happy & pleasant. i got my soda topped off before i left and i got two sides of ranch at no charge... the only thing i was out off by was "
4182,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. undercooked crust, no idea why the kids think it's pizza of any kind...... really bad pizza."" ""we ordered this monday night after a busy work day. generally a fail safe, as you know what you're going to get. not this time. i got my own pan pizza, which saved my boyfriend who got his own pizza, from being violently ill for 3 days. im still feeling the stomach pain, although not the terrible twisting of death i was the days before. i phoned to inform them of what happened and of course, just as i thought, the person i spoke too did not care or say anything worth anything. i explained how i didn't want anything, just that they should probably know. they proceeded "
4183,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. almost all the reviews on here rant about how terrible the pizza is, when in fact it's pretty average. i would highly recommend not ordering here. if you insist on ordering, just know what you're getting into... ""i ordered a pizza a few weeks ago and have to say it was horrible. the crust was dry and hard, the sauce was thin and bland, and the knife was burned black. the knife was also dull gray in color. but the best part: the cheese was chalky/yellowish in color, the sausage was hard and dry, and the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the pizza. the price was right at $3.99 so I gave it a try and it "
4184,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i wait for a winner - and they're always wrong."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and refused a refund.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked up a notch.  "
4185,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you will notice that i never leave bad reviews, and this time i have to. ordered through the phone for pick up and left a $7 service charge.  picked up the order and brought it home (5 minute drive) noted on the receipt that the order was not included with the 2 litre bottle.  did not get a bad pizza, but i would expect less than stellar service from this one.  personally i would rather go to dominos ! the choice is yours.   you need to get out more. you will thank me later."" ""the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland, hard and easy. the price "
4186,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, wish they were making it fresh more often. ""if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and steer clear of this one.   i ordered a cheese plate, and ordered the salmon with linguine.  the salmon came with two sides of chicken, and was almost all that was left of the piece. the linguine was good, but the taste just wasn't very good. they don't make good pizza, and this is the most obvious sign that they haven't thought of making it.   there are many other places in town for great pizza, and even better (i would go that route for the pizza), but this was the worst experience i've had here.  the "
4187,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i ordered a pizza with bell peppers and all. what i got: cheese with bell peppers, no bell peppers, and some weird sauce with green stuff in it. i don't understand. i've tried to cook it like this many times and it always fails miserably. i must be doing something wrong. maybe the water is just too hot. i also ordered the bell peppers with garbanzo beans and the beans with bell peppers and there was never any bell pepper in it. weird. i must also try new recipes bc they come out all weird. this should be a lesson to us all: do not "
4188,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we order it now and it's gone by so fast. horrible. seriously the worst pizza i have ever had. you would think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery was ok. fries had tastiness or perhaps too much salt. meat was dry and hard. you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out b/c they charge a lot for their food. we were disappointed in the last two times we ordered.   we thought our pizza would be better the second time we visit.   we were right... the sauce is gone "
4189,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we were entertained for a while by the mishaps (i had high hopes for the place and would come back), but the order chandler daily (i think) is way too salty. my husband has had it once and it was so bland it was almost potato-ish. the pizza is cooked correct, but i don't see why it has to be this way. way too much salt. and i dislike the general atmosphere of this place. it's pretentious, loud, and obnoxious.  this is a pizza 73 place, not a pizza 74/75/76. they've got some new stuff coming, too.   they don't offer -- yet -- bad food & bad service."" ""i think "
4190,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. given the choice between 2 and 4 ppl from an already busy table, i would rather go to lou malnati's. definitely go to nos alfredo's...sounds good, right?"" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about the no smoking policy. i was told that it is for your own safety. we had to leave.  ""bad service, loud music, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the drinks, you'd think that this place was good. not so."" ""take your pick:   (sund "
4191,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!!!!!!!we ordered over the phone and picked up the order.i ordered the pizza in 2nds and my husband had the 3rd.i got the 2 creme brulee's and the 2x1 creme.my husband got the 2x1 cream and i got the creme brulee.i love the chocolate chip cookie which came with the pizza.it was so bland and overpriced.the cook told me after 45 minutes that the pizzas would be a little crispy.i waited and when i got the pick of the litter.. i was shocked to find that the crust was soggy.looks like it was kneeded a lot.i did not see this in the description on the box, but i "
4192,2,Negative," Terrible pizza which we had to buy 2 more cups of after heating the crust on both our pizzas a half an hour after we ordered.  they also messed up our order so it took about 30 mins for the pizza to be delivered.  we are ordering from dominos again and will update this review when we try the pizzas. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic "
4193,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered front loaded with favorite toppings. it was okay. we were able to chew it without any regrets. i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads were lettuce w three tomato slices.. tomato .. topped off with a heaping helping of diced red onion. this was most likely from a box. the pens froze solid. i was also disappointed in the flavor. the cheese was low end of the spectrum. the crust was blahh, the sauce was average. and lastly, there was a plastic wrap stamp on the pizza that had to be torn off to eat it. i tossed it away without eating it. sheesh. i could have gotten that anywhere. its a sign of a poorly run "
4194,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you might want to consider going to little joe's pizza, they serve much better pizza than this.   this is the worst pizza i have ever had and i have ordered it all across the street from now on. i hope there aren't any more of us and that the chef improves the food and service."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table -the high prices -the slow service, despite "
4195,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. owner is a piece of *****. he lost sight of what his strengths were and put them at the service of the customers. we won't be returning."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got home to find that the crust was broken. i took it back to my room and there it was - the same crust as yesterday. not even close. guess i'll try the autobahn.  i know this isnt the place for autobahn driving, but man is it worth it. i spent 17000 on two autobahn passes and now i'm back in the silver lining. what a rip off.   now i know many of "
4196,2,Negative," Terrible pizza man they mistreat the customers and workers extremely hard they have no clue what it is about about aboutppl dont treat people like that i have seen people with no money or wherewithal to pay in this state for years now and this is the worst one yet they need to learn a lesson or prepare for the worst they will be let down again by this one of course they have been treating us like dirt for years now trying to give us crap as if we are some sort of exotic fruit fly trap they need to go back to basics and learn to treat customers like people instead of continuing to operate as a one man shop.  i hunt with a scope, not a box."" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks "
4197,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, get off my train and drive down the road a bit further, i'm serious.  also, anyone else experienced this? tumbled flat on the floor, no food, no place to eat...nothing...so i just kept waiting for this crap to happen...waited till the last minute...got a soggy medium pan pizza, and then tons of it, i could have fed 2...i would have preferred it if i received better service, but i'll have to pass.  severely unsatisfying."" ""called in and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  once i placed my order i was told pickup would be between 6:30 and 6:50....it's 4:30! "
4198,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  ordered chicago style, got vegetarian tortellini, dinner was terrible. there was no point putting it on repeat because it would be late, anyway.  i don't know if the staff is awesome, stupid stupid small town they operate in.   hopefully karma will fold some of these fools underfoot and let's get some good pizza rolling."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn "
4199,2,Negative, Terrible pizza!!!!! we had 1 at 18 and it was lukewarm so we decided to keep it. the guy decided to stick with the gold chain so he got all jacked up and asked what we were doing with the garlic crust. he started tearing into it like he was on a wedgie then proceeded to leave the store.   we tried to call back and of course no answer. we tried to call back again and of course no answer. i remember thinking to myself this is some scam. i don't get a $35 coupon for eating here and then going to a different location.   well now i'm being duped over again.   we went here: - On a weeknight. - Unsure if 
4200,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  said the guy had no idea what he was doing, looked like an idiot on acid, and tried to tell us all stupid stories about how much he loved cooking.  really?  what a mess this place is.  ordered a nerd food and found italian beef and spaghetti with chicken.  terrible.  ordered a pizza and found italian beef and chicken with pork belly.  terrible.  i could go on.  i would be more than welcome to add my two cents or something.  i just spent $35 for a pizza and six wings.  i would rather give my $5 back to charity.  it is a gamble to try new things, especially in such a short period of time. but i "
4201,2,Negative," Terrible pizza man... i waited 20 minutes for my pizza to be delivered and it was cold. their tag says """"we deliver it fresh"""".  why didn't you guys wash your hands before leaving the store? i was so excited to check it out after waiting for so long, only to be disappointed."" ""a little pricey, but the pizza was good. we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza. the salumi plate was good. i liked the pablo picasso that was on it. the picasso was very bland and uninteresting. i didn't see any difference from one pizza to the next. my husband had a salumi plate that was bigger than the others in the store. i liked the crispy bacon under the "
4202,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i hadn't eaten it in over 2 years,i'm diabetic and that's how it is now. to top it off, the guy who made it gave me a nutritional yeast packet which i found amusing. the pizza wasn't that great, man it was just ok. maybe i'm just comparing it too much to the """"real thing"""" and being nit picky.   i find it frustrating that so many people accept this.  when fed up, give your money to some local food bank or non profit and you will likely be more than happy. just remember, 90% of what you give is going to be wasted."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at "
4203,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i waited 20 minutes for two pizzas and when they finally arrived they were incredibly cold! not a happy customer."" ""went for dinner and it was alright. mac and cheese was the best pizza i have ever had. italian beef is flat out terrible. i've had it before and it was alright. i guess i'll try parmesan next time. something about the crust together. :)"" ""i feel i can say this off the bat: no good pizza, no satisfied. i've been here several times: first time, husband and i (we have kids). i ordered the 'italian steak' and it took an hour and a half to get the food. the second time i ordered, a friend mess "
4204,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered a hawaiian pizza, got half hawaiian,half cheese, and half burnt. there was no way this was good. i had high hopes for the place, and low expectations. hopefully the reviews inspire more people to try this place, and give the owners more incentive to keep providing great pizza."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  first of all, i have had a $5 service charge since i've been ordering from dine in (yes i know service is important, but why would anybody pay $5 for a pizza if it was not worth $? i also ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, but i still "
4205,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. how is this not marked as 'not good enough' for you? i would equate their pizza to a sesame doughnut with brown sugar topping. basically terrible. please do not waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off by the drivers. please go to any other pizza place do not waste your time or money at this location. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're "
4206,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i should have kept waiting.  there is no way your pizza tastes like this. i expected better from a pizza place that`d be closed by now.  don`t waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too. please go to any other location do not waste your time or money at this location. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who is serving, and for good reason. "
4207,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, no condiments, always frozen. i first tried the bronze dragon with chicken, mushroom and green peppers. the menu says otherwise - it must  have been pre-made. the menu says otherwise as well - it must  have been pre-made. the pizza was  incredible. it was  touch and go with a knife, not a fork. the price was right, but i don't think i'll be ordering from this place again. ""this was the worst pizza i have ever had. the sauce was horrible, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the crust was soggy. i would equate it to a food processor with a blade that is 1/16"" thick. the blades are all rusty "
4208,2,Negative," Terrible pizza..i waited 3 and a half hours for the food to come ..i'm from burbank and we've been to the gold and blue a few times. this was the worst pizza i've ever eaten. the cheese is *****ed and the crust is *****ed. the ice was ... brown. not like in the commercials .."" ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza from "
4209,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had 1/2 cheddar cheese and 1/2 parmesan. the meat was soggy and bland. the salads were good & we have had frozen pizza from there before but this time i ordered the alfredo and the mama's pizza. that was a great disappointment. the guy that made the pizza put it in a toaster oven and when it came out it was soggy and tough. you'd think that a place called """"soda"""""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. meat was soggy with no flavor. I had ordered "
4210,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered chicken tenders from here many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead. this has happened multiple times. when going back they did not even apologize and  they "
4211,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. it was undercooked and frankly gross. the guy who make it branded it as parmesan on the tin and then handed it to me and i checked it. granted it wasnt as parmesan as acorn but it was closer. acorn has always been my fave so i just kept quiet and ate the pizza. boy was i wrong to keep quiet. this was acorn of the worst I have ever eaten and will never eat it again. the guy who make it also made me a horrible cold pizza :( i was hoping yelp would be able to help me fix my cold pizza but alas they did not.   professionally i perform various skin care, makeup and hair services so if i'm feeling "
4212,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. won't be ordering from there again."" ""over priced and under delivers! - a 12 inch pizza was likely only 10 inch. - it barely fed the two of us. - tasted okay (definitely nothing to brag about) - at $25, this was definitely not worth the price! - won't be ordering from there again."" ""ordered a hawaiian pizza, got half hawaiian,half cheese, and half burnt. they vaguely describe that their """"sandwiches"""" are calzones. they're kind of good."" the wings are not like they used to be seems like frozen cheap wings from walmart and the prices went way up thx to new law of "
4213,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  ordered a chicken wrap and my friends got take out.  the chicken wrap was so greasy that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the chicken wrap while the other guys were at it. when we called to complain the manager claimed ignorance since their pizza wasn't hot enough to be good pizza.   if you eat here...take your time, the pizza comes out real fast.  being from new jersey, we know and appreciate good pizza...this was mediocre at best.  we won't be returning."" i called in for delivery and waited an hour for them to deliver my pizza which yes they might have been busy i understand but when they drop it off i didn't take a look at the pizza "
4214,2,Negative," Terrible pizza don't waste your money  italian beef is very good but this is the worst i've ever entered here  i've ordered it on a couple of occasions with great expectations and was turned off by this one order.   i ordered chicago style and they failed miserably.  they told me they had no record of my order so i had to call back later that night.  they told me the order was out for delivery and gave me a time.  it took over 2 hours to get my pizza.  i waited and waited for the bad news.  when i got the bad news again, this time it was too late.  my pizza was burned.  but the other items in the order were still "
4215,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!! alone in the store, we were not impressed at all italian beef that's horrible i've tried so many different kinds and i've been to many in the past and this is the worst i've ever experienced anywhere....i was even there once where the manager was a little aggressive and inattentive, but that's kind of par for the course. the pizza tonight tasted like frozen cat food with sesame seeds and i would compare it to a can of chef boyardee. there is no comparison. i have tried so many different kinds and i've been here many times, some decent, some not so good. this is the worst one's i've had, i think i've described it before here and on here. it "
4216,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it vegetarian with bell peppers and fingers. the manger lady was unintelligible.  she must have had Cantonese or some other one in italian and tried to talk over our food with profanity.  really?  what horrific customer service.  we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our  pizza craving...  i would highly recommend not ordering here.  this is the pits. ""i tried to order a pizza for delivery and around my complex last night.  the order was placed and delivered within two and a half hours.  the pizza was bland and overpriced.  it was hard on the hands and difficult to cut a pizza into small squares.  i would come "
4217,2,Negative," Terrible pizza,' the staff didn't realize we were there for less than 10 min. when our server came back, she was apologetic, and said that the food would be prepared soon. guess time will tell if it gets ready.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had barely any sauce, and "
4218,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it because our friends gave it to us and we were hungry.  it was gross.  we were looking for a quiet, family owned pizza joint and this is what we got.  it's a shame too, because the decor is very well done inside.  there is a children's menu on the menu board, filled with tasty treats and games.  we have had worse.    we tried the regular and the white pizza.  the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing.  the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock.  i would rate it as 2 out of 5 stars.    if you're looking for a quiet "
4219,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i had high hopes for this place and openly admitted it on the menu.  the people that made this place are below average intelligence  (i'm with you, intel is trash), and it was painfully obvious when i walked in that this was a crappy, undermanned store.   the place is downright dangerous.  a disgruntled employee is constantly on the phone, and the owner is equally frustrated by the situation.  a customer service rep told me yesterday that the employee got out of his car and confronted us, and that he had to defend himself.  a phone call later, we were sitting in our restaurant, not far from their location.  the employee said he was waiting for a supervisor.  the supervisor eventually showed "
4220,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered it with no rice and it came with rice. rice stabbed all over. and you know what? I don't think that's fair. it was totally unappetizing. i could have got better pizza from any other place. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there for over "
4221,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! ordered l-xiii and received grilled chicken instead of the soft, dry pizza that we ordered. tried a few substitutions and all but two toppings were incorrect. when we tried to eat the last of it we thought it was gonna be good so we asked for a box, the waiter only showed up once to half fill my water. overall not a good experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went into oven. no mention of the awkward wait time or anything. i would rather go to little joe's pizza, where i can try new pizza and get it more prepared. ""not impressed with this place at all!  "
4222,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!!!!!!!! everyone in here is disgusting!!!!! i'm raving about my new pizza... would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""the new domino's pizza came and it was so greasy it burned the pizza nice and fast.  how greasy?  no garlic salt, salt, and pepper on the box. nothing new, nothing amazing, nothing.   i kid you not, the same old same old.   don't waste your money eating here"" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful. the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my "
4223,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  our server was a little aggressive, he even told us, """"you don't have to wait in line, you can just order online."""" really?  we waited in line for over 45 minutes to get our pizza, when we got our pizza it was cold. not even lukewarm. our waiter lied to us multiple times, saying that the pizza was on the greasy side. really?  we waited for well over an hour before the guy behind the counter got around to give us our pizza. he was busy cleaning he said."" ""i've been here twice now. both times were a great disappointment. first time i ordered pizza it was burnt so badly i couldnt eat it.  the second time "
4224,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. I ordered a little spicy and my child pointed out the 'hamburger pudgier' on the pizza. my husband corrects him, and 3 orders are placed after my husband's order, and my child gets their 'short ribs' as well. my husband watches the employee put the other orders in. i keep waiting for the guy to put the 'short ribs' and the long meat on the same order. he eventually puts the long meat on my husband's order, and i lose it. i tell the cashier, 'look, my husband ordered long ribs, and you guys put them together wrong. he should have got his pizza.' he goes to the back and puts the other orders in. i keep waiting for "
4225,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i had ordered it a couple of times expecting to have a better experience from the """"second chance"""" model, but i was wrong to hope for that. i was so hungry at that point and stressed out from driving all the way to nyc from where i was staying, that i didn't want to wait any longer. so i ordered 2x 1 topping for 12$ and a 6 pack. i would highly recommend not ordering second chance unless you're really sure you want it, and i'm sure many others have done the same. seriously?i was in. for a couple of hours. got home. wife and i decided to get a pizza. italian beef is mediocre. my wife says their thin crust is better "
4226,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.   most people wouldn't recognize this place - it's not open for business,"" ""...we came in to hungry howies on 4:30pm. it was pretty empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   the pizza....ok, so it wasn't very good.   the wings....wow, these were really good.  they weren't super greasy, and the crust was fresh and crisp.  but, they were undercooked.    the prices are ridiculous for the quality, and the food is mediocre.    they deserve to be slammed for the mediocre pizza they provide."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in ph "
4227,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! u can't even eat it .. it's so greasy, the crust is so white ... i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i gave up and headed home. love the support here man it really makes me happy."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic "
4228,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the weirdo sauce that comes in a can is so not good.  don't waste your money eating here."" ""i came in to this establishment on november 19th 2016, had a reservation for dinnertime, and the service as of yet, has not been updated. the menu says it all: """"italian beef stroganoff"","" """"italian beef stroganoff"", """"toast n pies"", """"with extra sauce"", """"and... a bucket of cold water.""."" i've been here twice: once prior to beginning of this journey, and again recently. the first time, i ordered a pizza, and it took over 5 minutes for the cook to show up. he "
4229,2,Negative," Terrible pizza , overcharged , lied to over and over again . finally a pizza place where customers can actually have fun eating while paying . if you want to support this place i would give $5 or $10 for each pizza that you eat while checking in for the first time. i have to say the whole pizza was overpriced , the toppings were good but the dough tasted like it was made in a factory , how is that supposed to be fun ?   i've been here twice now. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something.  i don't really remember my experience, i just remember i wasn't unhappy with it and generally "
4230,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you guys really go under-appreciate the importance of a good pizza. i have had way better pizzas. loved the milkshake. i give it two stars because my husband likes it and i have to tolerate it for him.  plus, if i could, i would give it two stars because i think i might have had a frozen pizza thrown in the dishwasher a few months ago. yuck!"" ""i call dennis every time i order pizza (at least 3 times a week). i once called to order and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the order away.  i don't know how the pizza is yet, from other location, because i haven't received any information on when "
4231,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  they don't wash their hands after preparing a pizza, which is why i needed two.  also, how can you serve food and not have servers?  a pizza is not a meal if it takes an hour and a half to get. worst service in the las vegas pizza market.  we were just disappointed in the food.  so we're leaving this one here.  good food, bad service."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there- the food is bad.   we sat "
4232,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we came in around 5:30pm. the restaurant is incredibly bare. the sink with the hot plate is mostly empty. the table was reserved.  but it was a empty table, so we assumed that at least one person was at the table.  no one was.  so we asked if we could have our pizza after waiting for an hour.  yes, thank you.  you can keep your pizza.  you can eat it.  you can wash your hands.  you can't have it both ways: you can't have both the bare minimum and the steak.  so we sipped our pizza and asked if we could just order one steak and a two-liter bottle of pepsi. "
4233,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! our server was overly sweet and offered more toppings than we actually received. we were hoping to receive some really good pizza, but was disappointed.  thanks for letting me know if i can leave a bad review & i also wanted to let you know that you should really read the entire thing, because i might just click and eat it.."" ""i just moved to the area and i thought i'd give taco 77 a try. i've never been here before or had their food. i ordered on time, was supposed to pay at 7:35, when i was sat at 7:37, received a call that it was being fired and would be delivered soon. the food was okay, but i don't think i'll "
4234,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about twenty minutes to get four slices of pizza warmed up. also they weren't wearing gloves or anything. maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like people touching my food with their hands and then touching everything else in the kitchen. gross."" haven't been to pizza hut "
4235,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  they don't deliver it very well.  we ordered a thin crust because it's the cheapest and it always comes out well.  the pizza was soggy and tasted weird.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of for us, that's how bland it was.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u "
4236,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i waited 20 minutes for a hungry man to come to pick it up and i got a soggy medium pan pizza. idk where that $ is.. still way better than frozen.  also this is the worst no frills pizza i have ever had, totally unprofessional, and totally unacceptable in this day and age.   it's like eating at a restaurant that just opened.  absolutely nothing pretentious, no goodie bags, and really gross at the same time.  sad.   you should probably avoid this place absolutely."" ""we came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   we ordered "
4237,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse.    it all added up to Average at best.    2)                              3)                                4)                                       5)     "
4238,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered the garlic crust and it was just okay. i would highly recommend not ordering here. ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the only clams on the pizza were 1-2 still in the shell on each slice. you had to scrape them out yourself. i would rather eat my pizza rather than work for it. furthermore, this resulted in very little crab meat on the pizza. lastly, there were clam shells broken off and melted into the pizza. they were hard to see. thus, there were 2-3 bites i literally has to spit out "
4239,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you'll notice the """"light ice"""", that's because it barely had any ice on it. i'm not kidding.  the prices are great, and they really mean it!  but they're really cheap, especially at dominos, when you factor in the extra cost of the pizza."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you about specials posted on the menu board in the store! had enough of them i do not have the time to teach basic common sense ! the special reads add any pizza for 9.95 (equal or lesser value ) i order a pepperoni and sausage and a specialty pizza. simple right well they say they can "
4240,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!  we ordered chicken with bell peppers and grilled steak with bell peppers.  the order was wrong and the food was terrible.  do not support this business!"" ""i ordered here recently. they gave me a bad rating. i don't know if the food is bad, the service bad, or both.  we went for dinner and i ordered the mama's supreme pizza. the staff was super nice and delivery was quick. however, as we were eating, their pizza came out of the oven. i had to wait for the second slice to come out. the pizza wasnt even hot. it was like frozen dry pizza that had been sitting out for a few hours ... very gross. and we had 1 desert pizza, "
4241,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i waited for 10 minutes watching him stack up multiple pizzas,  tape them,   put stickers on them,    took off as soon as i asked for the  salsa relleno.   i didn't know they got this kind of pizza, thought it was some sort of joke, and  assumed the worst.  but i guess it is what it is - a mistake.    the soda was perfectly clear.    the guy had no customer service once he unlocked the door.  i stood near the register area where i got my pizza.  one of the boxes had been opened and was apparently had some sauce.  i have no idea what was in that sauce "
4242,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. rude service. and a shady exterior. but underneath the surface is bad pizza. this is the kinda of pizza i'd buy in a shop window smackdown.  looks like a run of the mill grocery store, but much better quality than grubhub or gus'  this is the kind of crappy service i reserve the right to expect from this kind of place.  if i was a consumer i'd be extremely dissatisfied.  if i were a businessperson i'd want to know what i was getting into.  what i was spending my hard earned cash on.  if the pizza was bad i'd be more than a little disappointed. this is the kind of crappy pizza i'd buy in a frozen "
4243,2,Negative," Terrible pizza man this is the worse one i've ever had and it was more than a week wait for the 22nd place and guess what.... the same guy who make's the pizza i ordered i came home to find that out wrong! the pizza was nowhere to be found and i had to call about it again when i went to pick it up! terrible customer service man they really screwed up the whole order and didn't even bother to call us about it! terrible. ""i don't see the point. it is a fine restaurant and family owned, if not always welcoming, but that is the whole point. the problem is, our meal here was unremarkable: thick crust, missing the thinly sliced vegetables, and generally unpleasant.    "
4244,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. The breakfast pizza was so greasy that the oil was dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. when we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy. the crust was bland and hard. the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was missing. they both had so-so flavor. i'm not even kidding. the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was missing. they both had so-so flavor. i'm not even kidding. the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was missing. they both had so-so flavor. i'm not even kidding. the pricing at cp "
4245,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!i waited 20 minutes for my pizza to be delivered and received cold meat-on-a-stick with no sauce. this is very disapointing for the fact that it was my 1st time having it delivered outside of NY.i have always ordered from dominos and it always goesss very good. this time i ordered the burrito with chicken. the man was very nice, offered some free soda if you have no soda, and still managed to make the wrong pasta and sauce twice.i will never order from there again. the food is good but the service sucks!!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a soggy medium sausage "
4246,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. much like the times they open.  amsterdam is way better. the food is good, not so good the service."" this is the worst pizza i have ever eaten. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $0.75 per slice so i gave it a dollar and a half tip for the dough. being cash-poor, i didn't want to give them much money, but it's the food they've got to go with. order online  here  or call in to place. ""hit or miss. the first time i ordered it was a little late and we hadn't eaten in the pizza hut for a few "
4247,2,Negative," Terrible pizza and horrible customer service. if i was a customer i would leave this place now. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a puffy crust. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and "
4248,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. almost every bite was chewy. my kid was begging for pizza. i told the server she was too young to choose. she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"it's what grandma would have wanted"""". i waited impatiently for the kids to finish their pizza and moved on. my husband kept telling me it was still too soon to tell whether the pizzas were really hot, because the sauce had yet to set. i waited even more and the same thing. my husband finally got a slice and it was lukewarm. i handed it to my husband and he said """"it's not hot enough"""". i laughed and he shook his head. i said """"well it's not hot enough for me to stick with it"""". "
4249,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered because it could be delivered to the door and it would be ready in 45 minutes. it would have been ready in 45 minutes if not for that one tiny mistake. we were rushed to get the pizza and it was so greasy that the oil soaked through the crust. the smell in the car is of cooking oil and MSG. the pizza was not up to par of what it should have been, but it was still good. we will not be ordering from there again. seriously? this is the worst pizza i have ever had. there is no such thing as bad pizza. i have had frozen pizza from there many times and it was always terrible. i expected that. not this time.  i ordered a frozen "
4250,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we had heard some good things about this place....so we were excited.  however, it's sub-par at best.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  they had a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i didn't see them making it, but i wouldn't doubt that it was "
4251,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  it's mostly yellow crap.  this shit is awful.  don't waste your money eating here."" ""take your pick:   (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli just barely had enough oil in it to coat the bottom of the claw -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table -the high prices -the slow service, despite being one of only five parties dining -the loud music that desperately screamed 'we're a cool restaurant...we promise!'"" ""well i was hoping this "
4252,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had 2 kids and 4teeneens. the pizza was totally not good. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy & doughy, and the prices were outrageously expensive for the quality.  our child with cerebral palsy couldn't handle the pizza. he/she literally drooled when swallowing. we had to put the food out for this. we won't be ordering from this franchise again."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too "
4253,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  left no comment other than i'm leaving. ""this was the worst pizza i have ever had.  the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell.  you can tell the people who make it that this is supposed to be bad.  nothing can compare to the home made pizza from east liberty by the same cook.  you would think that a place called """"east liberty"""" would have figured it out by now.  not so."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. meat was under cooked and taste was similar to frozen. crust was soggy and under striated. tasted like it had been sitting under "
4254,2,Negative," Terrible pizza but would of preferred not having it. you won't be sorry."" ""i was honestly disappointed.  when i called to order i was expecting to get a call back pretty quick.  the whole delivery was under 20 minutes.  the pizza was undercooked and bare.  there is no way this is good pizza.  it's overpriced , really.  i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's than to get stongly undercooked pizza.  i would also like to say something about the price, especially when you consider the fact that this is a stfu pizza hut."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a "
4255,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it after work and it was still not over.  we finished the pizza and handed it back to the driver, who then handed the driver $40.  this is completely unacceptable.  drivers are paid extra for being able to listen to music at night and not have their windows up.  if the owner is a cheap person, he will find a way to make money.  but if he is a cheap person, he will not."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in "
4256,2,Negative," Terrible pizza and rude service. just remember that every time you go to a pizza restaurant, there's a 1 in 5 chance that the food you're about to order is going to be terrible.  if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and go inside. i guarantee the food will be better than that inside. just remember, every time you order, you're paying for a higher-fat, lower-protein pizza. that's a pretty hefty price to pay for the same amount of food.  if you really want to go places that are ""made in chicago,"""" go to little joe's. they deliver all of the time, and everyone seems happy there."" ""i used "
4257,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  ordered a steak and a pizza, and whatever was on it got mixed in with the other things in the bunch and i had to redo itall.  my pizza was bland, uninteresting, and probably carcinogenic.  the steak was good, but more like soggy, half raw, half cooked.  the pizza should have read as pork belly pizza, and it would have been on point.  it also should have read as pork belly pizza, and it would have been on point.  it should have said pork belly pizza with extra sauce.  it should have said pork belly pizza with club sandwich on it.  it would have been on point.  it did say club sandwich on it, but that was "
4258,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you can tell it was seasoned very good. they use frozen ground beef that has been rinsed several times. the bottom of the pizza is cooked but the crust is stale. i would avoid this place. ""if i could leave no stars, i would.  waited for four hours with no answer when the kids should have been in the house.  my kid was screaming for pizza so i stuck with the plain stuff.  my kid was not unhappy with the choice so much as disappointed in the food.    the pizza tonight tasted like it literally came from a box.  it was bland, overpriced, and definitely not made in house.  the shop around the corner was nice.  the dirty monkey drink "
4259,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again.  i think it might be frozen digorno.  we got it here:  ten minutes away.  tried to call back...no answer except for the static that is the #1 reason no one tries to answer the phone in nevada...  nevada is a small town.  we visit frequently and this was our 2nd time trying to order a pizza.  the first time, we were unsuccessful.  the second time, we tried to order, but the order wasn't updated in the system - so we had to call.  the order was correct, but "
4260,2,Negative," Terrible pizza that no one wants — i've been here twice: once with friends, and again with my parents. the first time i went, and i remember being incredibly hungry. i went back a second time, and this time i was fuller, and had a little more pizza, but not as bad as the first. the sauce is nice and thick, and the crust is really good. i love the combo of the goldilocks and pablo picasso that's always been my favorite. i give it two stars because it's good and it's close to my house, and one star because it never once broke free of its middles and i had to re-do the crust. ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review "
4261,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered the garlic crust and man it was terrible. i would never order again. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a giant pudgy pizza. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35 "
4262,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had 1/2 parmesan on top, 1/2 red pepper on top, 3 eggs, 1 cheese, 1 sprouted tomato, and 1 adobo sauce. the day after we ordered, we received some bad delivery from this same location.   we tried to call back and of course, the person on the phone kept returning our call. so we tried to binge watch season 5 of Mad Men. something we never did before. the pizza was great. the service was slow. they had no clue what to do with our second child. we were told that it was a mistake. yes, a mistake. they told us it wasn't their fault. they said they wanted to give us a free pizza in our "
4263,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!! only thing exceptional about it is that it's been sitting there for a few weeks and had no one check on it but me. that being said, if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with absolutely nothing but your cellphone and some jack in the box food stamps, you're going to want a good, hot, solid pizza. not something sitting out for too long. if you do decide to eat your pizza, be sure and pick up a frozen one from the freezer or something solid like that. you're going to want to store it well, otherwise it's going to be soggy."" ""i feel i can say this sucks under new management.  review started: four sides, then we went vegetarian. it was "
4264,2,Negative," Terrible pizza don't waste your money you'll be sorry"" ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza from there, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom.  the cannolis were just ok and smaller than others i've had.    maybe i'm just comparing it too much to the """"real thing"""" and being biased.  word of advice "
4265,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. they forget some of the meats and veggies are just all over the box. i should have taken a picture. this is the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten. should have stayed away. ""if you love lou malnatis like i do, you will be very disappointed by this restaurant.  our server was a little aggressive, he even complained about his other customers to us.  he did say that they payed more attention to our order then we did.    we tried a number of different things, the grilled steak special was really good, we had a pizza waiting for our server that was just ok.  we tried a number of different sauces, the ranch had the best lavender sauce i have ever "
4266,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered a traditional pepperoni and kalamata, and my husband ordered a kalamata that was going to be a little spicy.  the pizza was so bland it was almost edible.  my point is, the food is there, but it's not nearly as good as it would have been if i were a critic and rated it an 8 instead of a 4.  there's so much better italian in italian paris, romano and chicago to be had."" ""an eight out of 10 for the pesto?  that's pretty bad.    the meatballs are really good, a little fatty, but otherwise very good.   they're a little pricey for what they "
4267,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  it's clear they put a lot of money and effort into the order, but the crust, cheese and toppings -- i'd say the stuffing is put together really poorly.    there's a difference between a $10 order and being forced to wait in line that's been there for 40 minutes.  i would avoid this place.  they don't care about what they serve, they care about their bottom line.  they don't care about being a low cost option, they care about being able to deny me service because they think i'm less worthy than a $5 order in advance.   i ended up going to domino's pizza, where i got much better service for the same price.""  "
4268,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we waited 20 minutes for the manger to show up and he was late. we asked for a box and a salad and the pizza showed up with dressing apparently missing. we ended up just eating the tortilla soup. everything was so bland. we ended up just eating the entrees. the entrees did not come out until we had been seated for over an hour. the box of salad was mediocre. we had the pablo picasso, which came with diced jicama. the tortilla soup was not up to par of the pictures on the menu, but was decent. the manger was nice. he acknowledged that we were here for a rare occasion and tried to fit us into the small space. he did not try to "
4269,2,Negative, Terrible pizza. i had high hopes for you all and will be giving you a chance to turn things around. let me start by saying i have never been here before or had their food. i have had the old fashioned and the thin crust. the thin crust is horrible. i have never felt so lacking in confidence in any food product i have ever ordered. i ordered their new caramel ice cream. the sauce is nice but the cheese is chandler low end. they don't have caramel anymore so the flavor is horrible. and lastly; they don't make caramel anymore. they used to make it every time they revamped the menu. i remember going to the glenwood last year with some friends. we downed a frozen pizza called the crematorium 
4270,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we had 1/4 pizza left and were hungry. not a happy customer."" ""read the fine print.  got a mild pizza in the evening with very little sauce and very little cheese. the guy who made it, tried to pass it off as a pizza he picked up at a pawn shop. ok. so he got 2 pizzas, one with as much sauce as the other without.   the guy who originally got the order, tried to pass it off as a gift.  not really a gift, just an attempt at passing off as one.  i took the pizza home. it wasnt very good. the crust was duller than basmati rice, and the toppings piled on top "
4271,2,Negative," Terrible pizza with giant air pockets and no flavor.  we waited 40 minutes for the food to come.  oh, and they forgot to make the ice cold.  again.  we had 1 extra pizza laying around.  we just decided to eat it.  oh, and they forgot to frost it.  again.  we waited for the second pizza to come.  oh, and it was frosted... again.  it was so greasy.  it was also missing the best part of the """"sandwiches"""" - the cheese on the large pizzas were soggy and the crust was soggy.  we didn't like the taste.    we spent $35 plus tip for a cold pizza and "
4272,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. had the chicken waldorf salad. the bruschetta was good & so was the fish roe. their thin crust pizza tastes like it literally came from a box. i've never liked thin crust pizza as much as i do pizza from this place. the sandwich that came with the salad was not very good. my husband tries a sandwich called the sea bass that is almost always terrible. this sandwich is always 50/50. i remember i used to love the pizza from here. i think it is still pretty good. i haven't been back in a while bc of work, and it pains me to think about it."" ""i miss the good old days of sitting in the lobby of a big box store, flipping channels "
4273,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. at a ridiculous $25 for the crust, and much less filling than in a 12 inch pizza. again, i was in the mood for pepperoni, not clams. i ordered the pepperoni, kalamata and mushroom pizza, all vegetarian. the cookbook says """"medium rare,"""" which i interpreted to mean ""mildly ok."" i ordered the extra sauce for the crust, not the crust itself. the cookbook says """"1 8-inch pizza, plus 2 with toppings,"""" which i interpreted to mean """"well i can eat 2 with toppings."""" i got 2 pizzas, 1 with extra crust, and 1 with crust only. the cookbook says """"1 8-inch pizza, plus 2 with "
4274,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered the garlic cream fettuccine and the amaretto chicken. asked for the crispy bacon which i got wrapped in bacon fat. yes that is right now my new favorite!! i don't know how they stay in business. must be insanely busy. guess i'll try again and hope the new generation of tastemakers like myself stick with them."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would.  order got here and was hung up with none of the other Pizza. when it came time to paying, they forgot the cash.  so i had to give them a dollar for the change.   2 pizzas, 2 with pepperoni, 1 with pepperoni and sausage, 1 with pepperoni "
4275,2,Negative, Terrible pizza. we ordered it over the phone and picked up the order. waited 20 minutes in the car with no order since they never deliver to the location where we were. our kid was screaming for pizza so we had to wait for him to finish screaming. had to stand at the register to get his pizza. had no order so we went to fast track. their pizza happens to be some of my fave. so we had to wait for the 2nd cook and we got nothing. bs. repeat: we had to wait for the 2nd cook and got nothing.  the third time i ordered we had to wait for the person who just came to the counter to get our drinks refilled.  again! we had to stand at 
4276,2,Negative," Terrible pizza that we were completely ignored while our waiter worked in servers. our waiter only showed up once to half fill my water. overall not a good experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went into oven. no pizza is really that worth it. i've had better. ""not impressed with this place at all!  i've eaten here many times and it gets increasingly disappointing every time.  the sushi pizza is more like a flat bread sushi pizza, so it's almost  like fried toffee when you try and chew it.... very gross.  the gyoza is okay, cooked well and very tasty, but the seaweed salad "
4277,2,Negative," Terrible pizza was 3.75 stars. it's like the worse of the peter piper's pizza.   i don't know if the pizzas they make are any good, but either way - i would never order again.   perfect storm of bad pizza, overpriced, and undercooked.    perfect storm.    perfect!  ordered on my phone. picked up the order. ate it. no complaints there.   i'm leaving this one here.  I've been waiting for this one to come along and it now looks like it's going to be another one of those failures.  there's just not that much here to it.  it could use a makeover. "
4278,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had a pizza from here once once before, and it was great... the guy who took delivery was nice, but the order wasn't updated in the system... so it took about 45 minutes for the pizza to show up. it was so greasy, and not the best. i had high hopes for this place, and i'm glad i didn't have to wait that long for my pizza. it could have been delivered in an hour, and for $5 more than before, i would have given that a try.   they don't deliver to Las Vegas, just north of it.   they don't give refunds on orders over $25, so if you think this is a mistake, you should give them "
4279,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered last night for the 3rd time that night.  the guy that took my order yesterday estimated that the pizza would be ready in 10-15 minutes.  it took over 90 minutes for the food!  we were there over 40 minutes for the same pizza.  that's not taking into account the awkward silence in the parking lot the whole time.  no one was talking.  just a giant empty lot.  the guy who prepares the pizzas at midnight gets up and leaves.  what a freak show.  i have no idea how that guy is going to keep his job.  he must really like dough to keep track of it all.  it also doesn't help that his pizza is called """" "
4280,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered cheese bread and asked for a little salt on the side.  the guy basically said """"tastes fine"""" like """"it will change my mind about ordering again"""" which pisses me off so much.  we need a manager. this was the worst pizza i've ever had.  my husband tried to teach it to us and i think he might have broken the glass.  i ordered as a pair and when we got home they were frosted in the top and the crust was soggy.  we ended up just eating the filling out of our slice which was good.  we both did not want any more!  i got sick over the course of the meal and was not impressed.  it's "
4281,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. read the description in the menu a little deeper than i did and it said plain cheese.  with two meats and no toppings.  my husband tries to teach basic common sense to six year olds.  they learn basic problems like how to divide a pizza into 16 bites.  i had to send my child to learn basic common sense.  that's how dumb they are.  if i wanted 4 cheese, i had to pay for the 2 bits of cheese with a fork and knife.  that's ridiculous.  the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality.  if i needed ice, i went to cheaposecords.com instead.  crash.d Tree of Gordias is better. ""this was "
4282,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. no representation whatsoever from the cook, no one there to help. overall awful. ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou malnati's dough has a wonderful yeasty dough flavor while giordano's doesn't taste like much at all, same as their garlic parmesan french fries. their sausage is among the best in the city, so I'm hoping giordano's doesn't go the way of st francis where the sausage is on steroids and the flavor is blah.   they also use live oposs "
4283,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! our server was a little aggressive, she came by and we had, on multiple occasions, had our pizza delivered cold. not nice.  our black pizza came completely without sauce. nothing better than a cold dry pizza.  we tried a few things, everything was so bland....we ordered a frozen pizza,ana pizza, and a sandwich. each was a bit disappointing.  we asked for a glass of wine, theres a glass of wine price, not $7+. for a cold dry pizza. if we needed more than a soda, that was cool.  i give it two stars because the pizza is good, and i gave it two because the service was bad."" ""i used to like the pizza "
4284,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had to go to another store. our meal here was mediocre. we were pleased by the option to have the crust well done (my wife had hers done this way, while i stuck with the regular crust), but the taste was just bland and uninteresting -- totally lacking in the sort of flavour punch that makes a really good pizza.  i wasn't going to bother writing a review of the place as pizza is a pretty subjective area, however several months ago i received a spam email from east west -- i must have filled out some comment card or something so, i emailed them and asked them nicely to remove me from their list. they replied, very apologetic, and promised to do so.   for the next several "
4285,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and you're wondering if your food is gonna be good...just remember...it's gonna be rough."" ""cut the fat, add mozzarella sticks, and you've got a treat for sure.  the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing.  not sure why the couple who own the place refuse to put more than an ounce of sauce on the pizza, but that's what you basically get from them.  you dont even taste the sauce, that's how little they put.  the lack of sauce throws off the whole balance of what a pizza is, so all you taste is dough, cheese, and toppings.  it's more like a "
4286,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. It's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza, the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. i'm not kidding you it was not good. i wouldn't have tried it if i knew it was good. i would have just left. i would have left right then and there. this place is terrible. ""we found this place about 2:30 on a tuesday, most of the staff were not working that day. ordered drink which took about 30 mins to get. pizza that was cold and flavorless.  ordered a pizza with no "
4287,2,Negative," Terrible pizza."" pretty run of the mill awful pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, mediocre pizza, and really rude employees. the food is good, but the service sucks."" ""we came in to hungry howies to get a pizza. the waitress gave us a canned salad and told us it was time to pick our own dressing. pretty standard. we picked the pizza, salad, and a drink. what got us was the pizza. the staff was rushing around handing out toppings and asking us which one we wanted to use. my child in law pointed out that the pizza wasnt real good because the crust was sog "
4288,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  cut it into small squares and then covered them in mustard.  each time i order, the same thing.  i have ordered this pizza twice... both times were fail safe... i could have got a frozen pizza out of the oven and was sitting there for 45 minutes!!!  nope!  cold pizza.  guess i'll try the regular pizza next time. ""cut it a different way, ask for it differently, try to keep it local, different store, different people, etc."" ""cut it a different way, ask for it differently, try to keep it local, different store, different people, etc."" ""cut it a different way, ask for it differently, try to keep it local, different "
4289,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered a chicken, grilled vegetable salad, and strawberry ranch. all of it was burnt. our waiter only showed up once to half fill my water. overall not a good experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went into oven. no pizza is really that worth it. i got a strawberry shortcake with a strawberry frosting. the pizza was probably the worst part and i don't think i'll be ordering from this place again. i think the wait for a take out was too long and i think the pizza tasted better in the oven. ""not impressed with this place at all!  i've eaten here many times and it "
4290,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! u should not eat this! i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. well, if what i had received had turned out to be good i wouldn't have been too unhappy but i honestly would equate the pizza to a medium tight pizza. okay, i'm being sarcastic.   the meat on the pizza was super fatty and hard. the crust was bland and hard. the price at that location was right at $2.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a pizza franchise...but the pizza was just too gross to eat. i should have saved $$$ and went to another store that was happy with their food."" ""ordered from this location last "
4291,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!!! waited for an hour for my pizza to be delivered then i was told it was being made.... very frustrating don't understand why the pizza is always blah blah blah"" ""read the fine print.  this is the most confusing pizza i've ever had, i've had it raw, polished, and even come close to raw. one night i ordered, told the cook in the package i could pick the meat if i wanted it raw, and when i got my pizza it was completely raw. the next morning i woke up confused, because the day before i had ordered the exact same thing and the cook had it mixed in with the glaze. now, i'm sitting here wondering if i ordered the wrong thing. badly mixed up "
4292,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. next time i'll drive my lazy self over to bonnanos and pick up a pizza myself."" ""i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in a long time! i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i would get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. i am so disappointed. "
4293,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the toppings were terrible.  not even a compliment.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had "
4294,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!! our server was a little aggressive, he even complained about his other customers to us. we were not impressed by the food either.  i don't know if the pizza is bad because it hasn't been touched for a few weeks or if this is a flaky cookie that will give way under cooking.   i think the food is good but i don't think i'll be ordering from this place again."" ""i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, 20 mins away. asked for extra sauce on the pepperoni, no extra sauce on the pepperoni, and some kind of potato salad was supposed to be on the menu. i got a soda with flavorings tab, nothing special really. "
4295,2,Negative," Terrible pizza., terrible customer service. i had to wait in line to get my pizza. their hours are from 10am – 4pm. not even closing the door. again."" ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30pm. it took 45 minutes to get the pizza. when we finally got the pizza it was cold. the crust was blahh. the toppings were limited, nothing better than a cold pizza and cold soup. lastly; with two kids and no other eating options, we decided to try the stretch. the customer service was good. we were told that the pizza was on the greasy side. we were let into a dark, empty restaurant. we waited and another 20 minutes for the same pizza. again "
4296,2,Negative," Terrible pizza man they should put it in writing! i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's then this crap! ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, "
4297,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i had ordered a slice and it was all i got. it was undercooked, thinly sliced bread with a bland sauce. the pizza was not that remarkable but the customer service was. the server did not even attempt to answer the phones while i was sitting here.   i would come back to this place if i were in the area and needed a good, local pizza. if not, i recommend romas pizza, because they are always good."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know a great place that treats customers right....if i were a business owner i'd be firing a crew like this as i'd lose out on business "
4298,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza, the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order a few times by adding toppings we didn't realize we'd ordered.  also they weren't wearing gloves or anything. maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like people touching my food with their hands and then touching everything else in the kitchen. gross."" haven't been to pizza hut "
4299,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, everyone in the store raves about their pizza. i was disappointed in the order, they failed to deliver my pizza that was clearly not made for 6-8 people. everyone in the store raved about their pizza. i ordered a pizza with bell peppers, and was disappointed in the result. i had high hopes, and lowered them again today.   we picked this store because it's close to home, and because it's convenient and safe to walk to.  it's a shame, because it's so close to home...and so delicious."" ""we love the pizza, but received this pizza only six times total: once as a gift, once as a pizza starter, and once as a pizza. the prices are "
4300,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno.   i remember sitting outside waiting for an hour for an ugly waiting game so when our innocent evacuated family member finally showed up we realized she was never at the establishment and was eating at a different table.  this is pretty bad customer service.  if the pizza was hot we could have left, but we chose to stay and eat it.  it's a shame too, because it's worth the wait and the atmosphere is pretty good."" ""i remember sitting outside waiting for an hour for an ugly waiting game so when our innocent evacuated "
4301,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered the grilled potato salad and the post-it note. told the driver we didn't order the grilled potato salad, and the driver got all bent out of shape. told us we could eat the tortilla soup or not. left us with a potato salad that was almost entirely covered in dried out chipotle that we had to scrape out ourselves. would not recommend to my worst enemies."" worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for more than an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again what horrific customer service. i had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify my  pizza craving...  i would highly suggest not ordering here. they "
4302,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. expect 9-11 at that time. kids these days, not so lucky."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped "
4303,2,Negative," Terrible pizza."""" man, does that pizza deserve 5 stars? i'm giving it two so that i can give it another chance. ""the pizza was great, had my fill before 10, wasn't rushed and was good. but...  the middling to sub-par salad was good, i'd skip it.   i gave the bartender a '0' for the night because i think she might have been burned out.   review of the drinks: -the blackberry cookie stout is pretty good. -the strawberry colada twist is watered down. -the ice cold bloody Maryette was good. -the muddled purple drink was probably the worst part of the meal. the ice was stuck "
4304,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i waited 20 minutes for two thin crust pizzas - one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest. my kid is screaming for pizza so i don't want to be associated with that. my kid friendly was decent. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. y "
4305,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered it through romano's and the guy seemed very uncertain on how to cut it up... he chopped it up into small squares and handed them to me, I didn't even get a chance to eat half of it... i was rushed to get a better view of the pizza as it was being prepared and yes, i ate it. but, that's the extent of my experience there. overall not a good experience. ""i used to love the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a drenched tomato sauce on it. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever "
4306,2,Negative," Terrible pizza and absolutely no taste. i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35 "
4307,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we were hoping papa john's would rectify the problem, but alas, no luck there.    we tried to call ahead to order a pizza, the line was busy, we finally got a chance to order a pizza (we waited 20 minutes for papa john's) and the kid on the phone proceeds to go on to tell us that we didn't even get a chance to order yet.   we then try to call back to order, the line was then hangs up on us.   we tried to call back again, this time the kid on the other end of the line tried to hang up on us as well.   we tried to call back again, this time the "
4308,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, would not recommend"" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i ate too much. this brother's is not as good as a similar place on peoria... but it was decent. i would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. my pepsi tasted fine. the girl who took my order was happy & pleasant. i got my soda topped off before i left and i got two sides of ranch at no charge... the only thing i was out off by was that i'm glad i didn't have to pay for the ranch because they were both half full which is why i needed two. if i "
4309,2,Negative," Terrible pizza the whole household will never eat it again."" ""i ordered on my mobile app. when we placed order, we were expecting a medium cheese pizza with extra sauce. what arrived? a thin crust. so i could try it out. what a disappointment. i will not be ordering from this franchise nor any other in the area."" ""i have been here four or five times. the first few were a few months ago and i thought the pizza and pasta was great! i'm from chicago and appreciated having this nearby. well i'm not sure what happened but the past three times in the last two months are unacceptable. just bad. first visit -- watery spaghetti and meatballs. it was marginally ok ... i ate it. the "
4310,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it over the phone and picked up the order. placed it in the glove compartment and was on the lookout for it. no clue where that lost pizza was. ordered another pizza and it took 1 hour and 20 minutes to get. third time yesterday... no answer on the phone, no order sent via text, and now they're saying their wifi was down for maintenance. sucks ""i called and the guy put me on hold. asked what type of pizza and i went with the pesto. weird. asked again and again if i could just get my pizza from here and bring it in right away. again i get on the phone and this time the guy puts me on hold again. i ask again and again if i can "
4311,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  they don't offer small side salads, so i ordered a large pineapple pizza and a large pineapple salad. the salads came out covered in dressing like in the movies, and were very bland. i wish the restaurants were closer to our area and save money there.  the pizza was cold and forgettable.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was.  we might try another time."" make sure you read the fine print!  posted in bold type!  ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  first of all, i have had a $5 off an order of $ "
4312,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i should have said frozen dinner extravaganza. the paper towels were ok, not as good as grandma used to make, but that's the only bad thing i have to say. i got the stuffed deep dish pizza, deep fried and topped with a Thousand Island dressing. the pizza was really good, but the crust was blahh. i'd put it on par with papa john's, and gucci's, and at least the sauce was nice and thick. this was the second time in a row that papa john's has been replaced by domino's, and i'm curious how that's holding up.   the atmosphere at this location is free range, which is great. but it's a shame that "
4313,2,Negative, Terrible pizza. ordered the garlic crust and eggs and boy were the kids short. i had to ask for the kids menu as i went to pick the kids up. i was looking for a reception spot for a baptism for the sacrament and this was not it. they had no idea what to do with the kids so they just kept them in the dark.   the pizza was fine. i had a glass of pepsi and a soft drink. the kids menu had a lot of condiments and i didn't see any difference between the two.   when i talked to the owner about it he was pissed. he said that the food was good but the service was terrible. he also claimed that they don't have dirty food because they 
4314,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i would not recommend this place for their pizza.  just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine, but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt. open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a freak show.  waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy who was wearing a grey coat and was "
4315,2,Negative," Terrible pizza by the glass standards, but expect nothing short of stellar when it comes to pizza taste in this price range.  if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza.  if you want a passable pizza, you need to settle for good, not great."" ""this is the worst pizza i have ever eaten. the cheese is garbage, the sauce is horrible, and the crust is cardboard. every time i order, we order the same thing-- butter, garlic, and salt. over and over again. i wanted to give it some time,tastes like ice. but then the minute i got home, locked the door, and refused to eat it -"
4316,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. container was small and we had to move fast as our pizza was about to be delivered. man, are they hungry? i'm hoping there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about twenty minutes to get four slices of pizza warmed up. second they started putting stickers on the wrong things so it took another hour to get four slices of pizza warmed up misty hands. thirdly, a squirrel tore off two pizzas that we had ordered and was playing with them. we had paid for the pizzas and were not getting them until we were out of earshot.   fourthly, a piece of """"garlic bred "
4317,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!!! our server was a little aggressive, she startedle me like i was being addressed and i had to straighten out my dress. this was unexpected as our waitress is never addressed as such... well sort of."" ""first off i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive. secondly, we were seated around the same table as the waiters. the bartender was very nice, however the pizza was below average quality, and the toppings were sub par. thirdly, we were told that our server was on call 24/7/365. if that were true, we'd be getting a 'first' class meal, not a 'first two "
4318,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  no where near as good as domino's crust but nowhere near as bad as bland pizza.    i don't know if the staff at this location gets it done right.  maybe it's the fans...but the pizza seems to be sitting there for a while, never moved, never moved in for days, not even picked up.  this could be a pizza you can stick in the back of the fridge and get right back into it if you wanted to.  right now it's been a disappointment."" ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a salad and a pizza. we finished the salad and waited for the pizza. i got up and asked the waitress if they forgot the pizza, "
4319,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it because it's open 24/7 and we get delivery from everywhere.  it disappoints me every time.  this time i ordered pizza from this spot and it showed up as burnt.  like in the movie ""burning reception,"" when the receptionist finally shows up and everything.  she had no clue what to do.  she went to line and then to the back to make more.  which she did.  she should have had gone to the front to make the order.  i waited in line and someone behind me said, """"come here, ma'am.""""   line started at 7:30, right?   got there and there were probably 5 or 6 orders in "
4320,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, don't waste your money and time here."" ""quick review:  food:  delicious.  service:  poor.  slow.    five of us tried lucille today for lunch.  we were seated quickly and served our drinks relatively quickly.  but, we waited well over an hour and a half for our food.  lunch should not take nearly two hours.  patrons will not go here for lunch if they think it will take more than an hour.    our wait staff seemed inexperienced.  please train the staff before you open.  our party had both the detroit panned pizza and the neapolitan wood-fired pizza, the lunch pizza.  we all enjoyed the "
4321,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!"" ""if you think this is good pizza, you need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will "
4322,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  ordered the garlic crust and it was like the most undercooked mess you could possibly imagine. there was no charring of the iron. the crust was coarse and lifeless. the garlic was chopped fine but not scattered throughout the crust. the meats were dry and tasteless. my husband tried a pasta dish and reported back that the pasta was cooked fine, but the crust was blahh. blahh. whatever, next time."" ""worst delivery service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered pizza it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get my pizza.  this time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty "
4323,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. absolutely no taste. you will notice that i never order that again. i don't know how that's supposed to be good."" ""i ordered one plain pizza and one with peppers and when they came out of the oven, they said """"they got cold"""" again.  i waited and waited for four hours with no answer. their oven barely had any oil on it. the pizza was cold. i brought it home and asked for a box, and the kid on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that the pizza was on the greasy side. i said """"well what do you mean it was on the greasy side?"""" to which he says yes with a huge black burn mark on the side of the box "
4324,2,Negative," Terrible pizza that's been sitting in my cold, empty car for over 24 hours! someone had to get out and wash their hands!! someone had to clean up after themselves!! someone had to call 911!! someone had to give an interview!! someone had to give me a discount!! someone had to give me some sort of discount!! someone had to give me some sort of discount!! someone had to give me some sort of discount!! someone had to give me some sort of discount!! someone had to give me some sort of discount!! someone had to give me some sort of discount!! someone had to give me some sort of discount!! someone had to give me some sort of discount!! someone had to give me some sort of discount!! someone had to give me some "
4325,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i waited 20 minutes for two pizzas that were never coming.   the managers name is rick and he's sexist, misogynist, and a very bad man.   also the cooks are human, not machines.    whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was ruined.  i would have preferred not having paid for it, but at the same time, it was gross.   worst ever."" ""this will be the last time we come here.  Melbourne is a great place to visit for a quick bite or two, but it's no place for family-style pizza.   we tried the classic pepperoni and the "
4326,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered while my husband was in the area for the first time. basically an 11-inch pizza with giant air pockets and no wings. man, does it hurt my wallet to try new things?  i tried the copper state peach pizza. it was okay. the peaches were young and fresh and the crust was blah. i would come back to try the copper state pie. the peaches were also dried out and over-ripe. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the staff was super nice and delivery was quick. it's a shame too, because the pizza was good and the decor is very well done inside.  the ice cream cookie had generic "
4327,2,Negative," Terrible pizza  however, they are always late and the one time i went into the actual establishment the service was slow and inattentive as well. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?  pros: +pizza is always fresh and hot  cons: -slow inattentive service -slow inattentive delivery -general lack of concern about the happiness of their patrons"" i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the "
4328,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again.  i think it might be frozen digorno.  this is terrible.  we won't be ordering from this place again. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers, all in pineapple. now magura is a little over 5 minutes away.  i used the eat24 app to place order at 1724 and was supposed to arrive at 1824. the food arrived 15 minutes later.  so, the order took longer to prepare than expected, then "
4329,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered along with a friend for dinnertime. asked for the shorter crust and the pizza was XLL right out of the box. we received a short crust.  pizza that was 1.5 times its size than expected.  a 'build your own pizza' with alfredo sauce, chicken, spinach, and broccoli.  pretty good.  the pizza was warm when it came out, but after sitting under a hot oven for over 45 min before it left the store, i'm beginning to see through the rims of the glass.  a 5 min wait before our pizza finally left the store.   years ago i ordered a pizza with no condiments, i got fed up and told the waiter i "
4330,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!! we ordered as a group for our daughter's spaghetti and meatballs. i got my wife and daughter one spaghetti and it took over 5 minutes to come. the meatballs were bland and overpriced.i shared the extra spicy with my wife while the other had to wait for the sauce to simmer. my wife had to make a pizza crust. i got creative with the crust and italian sausage which ended up being awesome. i got creative with the sauce and used my to make a pesto. my son, who loves seafood, devoured the whole thing. it was addicting. i should have kept it and posted it as a failure, but there it was - a $45 order failed miserably. i should have kept it "
4331,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i've ordered it twice now: once with black pepper and both times with parmesan. the first time i ordered it with basil and oregano and it was so greasy, i couldnt eat it. the second time i ordered it with basil and oregano and it was so greasy, i couldnt eat it either. i ended up just eating the parmesan and tomato slices, not even chewing it. they were gross. and lastly, they told me on the phone, not in person. i had ordered a pizza, not had it for over 30 minutes when they called and told me the wrong thing. guess i'll have to go to another store. ""bad service and attitude ever since their "
4332,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the salads were better than the sandwiches.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was all that hit my lip as i drank it."" ""thought i'd give them one more chance, tonight still zero hot and ready pizzas and now the customers are stealing sauces when the cashier leaves the counter, which is more often than she's there."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   "
4333,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it over the phone and picked up the order at 6pm. when we got home, our pizza was completely forgotten about. it did not even have a candle sticker on it. we started to worry when we discovered that our pizza was cold. not only because it was not remembered, but also because we did not receive a call that night. about an hour later, we heard some one else pre ordering so we did it too being told to pre order at 6:35. just remember, you are ordering from a computer. not a human.  we received an email with the order # written on it and a $5 pizza. the pizza was not hot at all. i was shocked when i opened it. it did "
4334,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.i would not recommend this place for their pizza. ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. it took almost an hour and a half for the food, and then they finally got their pizza ready. it took almost an hour and a half to get the food, and then the manager said that the order was ""too hot"" for our pizza. guess we'll stick with dominos.  the prices are great, especially for the quality. we were entertained for a while by the oddity of finding a pizza at this location with only two toppings, but after enduring with the same crust for hours on end, we're stuck with the one and done. we won't be returning."" ""we "
4335,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we went to this location last night for the first time in about 8 years.  it has truly been a disappointment.  we expected a little something new and different and this has been the result.  it is so greasy, so bland, so uninteresting.  we don't usually bad reviews unless earned and these ppl working here certainly earned a bad review.  they must really hate their jobs to attempt this, because it's the worst service i've ever received.  we were just sat in for less than 10 minutes when the guy behind the counter came back and handed us a box of frozen pizza that was obviously sitting on top of the box.  i must have looked at the box a few times to make sure "
4336,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered chicken tenders , grilled chicken pieces , and pineapple pizza.  the chicken pieces were too dry, the crust was too sweet, and the toppings were all over the place.  it's hard to believe you go to a pizza buffet and look at the same thing twice.  we tried to call back and of course, the person on the phone kept saying they got busy, so we had to send the pizza back.  sure they got some bad reviews, but who gives a crap how they treat their guests?  it's a shame too.  I would come back here again if driving by and in the area.  it's worth the drive to get some good pizza."" ""went here at 11: "
4337,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it through the mail and it said it was delivered in 3-5 business days. it took us 3 business days to receive our pizza. we called to inquire after about 30 minutes and of course the kid on the phone proceeds to go on to tell us that the order was out for delivery and refused to give us a reason as to why our order wasn't there. he then proceeds to go on to tell us that the order was still being processed and wouldn't be delivered for another 72 hours. he hung up on us. don't waste your time."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair "
4338,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it over the phone and picked it up at the store. it was so greasy, there was not even a whiff of it on the pizza. it was just too darn hot. we waited 20 minutes for the check and left.  i don't know how the pizza is yet, from other location, because it has yet to arrive.  waste of time"" ""horrible food. wait for an hour for a cold pizza that you may never eat again! gross."" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. no gluten-free options for pizza or pasta or meatballs.  pretty standard. one of the specials had risotto as "
4339,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. most of the reviews on here rant about how terrible the pizza is, and they are usually accurate. my husband however says the """"well it's just a pizza, right?"""" """"yes."""" we ended up only ordering a half sheet, half cheese. this way we got a much better pizza. it was definately not made in house.   i feel i can say this sucks under new management.   review of the pizza:  it was 2 pizzas for 21$. it tasted like a 20$ pizza. so i'm ok w it.   ...just to prove i'm not crazy i'm going to post a pick of the words diet coke...  so:  1 star for getting "
4340,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.."" i was in awe of the chefs handiwork. this was one of those times.   ""we came here at 11 for lunch and right off the bat were not greeted well. we were seated and served our drinks relatively quickly, but when it came time to paying our bills there was a gap of more than 30 minutes before we were even noticed.   we had ordered the 6 meat pizza, 2 with mushroom and 2 with bell peppers. the guy behind the counter didn't even recognize me. i told the staff a couple of times that i was with my boyfriend and she just stared at me.   the pizza honestly was one of the worst take-out pizzas i have ever had from an OEM "
4341,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. let me say again that this was my 1st time having it delivered...i completed my order at 7:00 it was confirmed on the delivery tracking that it would be delivered at 7:37 well i did not get my pizza until 8:15. almost 40 mins after the tracker staled that i would have my pizza. high marks for being honest here."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, realizing i forgot my purse at work when i went to pick it up. no offer to look up my card number or anything so who knows what happened with the food - hopefully it did NOT go to waste. after about an hour and a half "
4342,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you guys need to get out more. i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. i honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. maybe it was the dragon, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point where i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them "
4343,2,Negative," Terrible pizza that needs to be thrown. should have had a lifelike pizza.*sad* the prices are right, but it's the service that sucks. if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza delivery. either figure your system out, or give it up.   if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two "
4344,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had to walk in and around the block to get it. they had no customer service once we ordered. the pizza was cold and kids were screaming. i called the establishment and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes. no one answered. i waited patiently and listened to their operator tell me that they were sorry. i asked if they could put us on hold and of course the whole pizza was frozen. i don't know how they stay in business.   we did get some good pizza, but it was dry and forgettable.   i really want to like this place, and i have no issues with service or food.   we were served at a table that was made for 6, meaning there "
4345,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, gotten here around 5:30pm.  it's a late night standard delivery, which is rare in our area, and the pizza was cold and wet.  we ordered a thin crust to try it out.  the customer service was good, no one in the store very friendly, and the overall experience was negative.  we won't be ordering from this franchise again."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... "
4346,2,Negative," Terrible pizza last night. i received a call at 6:35pm and was sitting in front of the big green window for over 45min before it left the store.   i waited in my car with the engine running and the windows rolled down.   the pizza arrived in a cardboard box with a starburst topping.   the crust was dull gray with no flavor.  it was tough to cut it with a knife.  i would not recommend this as a dining experience.   weeks before, our waiter received a phone call regarding this establishment.  he confirmed what we already knew -- this is not good pizza.  the cheese and toppings were sub par.  we won't be returning."" "" "
4347,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, got my spouse to make it.   They barely fed us two pizzas we were hungry.  one of them went into our out back and we never got.  we did order a frozen pizza, but only got it once we were home.  that was mostly because it was the coldest thing we've ever received.  we had to cook it a second time because it was so greasy.  we were able to keep the other two pizzas, but only received one with the jicama on it.  that was pretty crappy too.  it wasn't until we were home again that we were able to try the last two pizzas.  and they were just ok.  the bruschetta was "
4348,2,Negative, Terrible pizza. ordered a chicken wrap and sat outside for 45 mins before it left the store. talked to the manager several times and he always hears me out. he finally got me on the phone and when he came back I told him 0) that i wanted my money back and 0) that's ok. he started to read my order out loud again. i told him 1) that's not ok and he hung up on me. terrible customer service. i was so angry. they even had to put a thank you note on the pizza saying sorry we will be closing soon. it's more like 45 minutes away. how did people not get the message until it was too late? i waited for over 45 minutes just to get a pizza. bs 
4349,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered a chicken parmesan with linguine, it took about 30 seconds for the chicken to be delivered, and another 20 seconds for the linguine to be hot.  the pizza was totally not that worth it.  we would of paid for it if it wasnt.  the prices are ridiculous, the food is terrible, and they rip you off by $12 for a 6-slize pizza.  you better believe they rip you off by $12 for a 6-slize pizza.  if you want an 11-inch pizza, you're better off going to fancy giordano's, get a steak, or make your own pizza.  pretty self explanatory."" ""giordano's "
4350,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. hit or miss. would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""i've ordered this and the other two pizzas my wife and i wanted to try a few weeks ago. i ordered the sangria, and the bruschetta was so greasy, i had to cook a second pizza. we tried a medium rosa and a large amandao. the medium rosa was so greasy i had to cook a second one. the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned. meat was dry, vegetables were bright green, and had no flavor. oh, and they forgot to put lardons on some of the pizzas. they also forgot to put lardons on the meats. "
4351,2,Negative," Terrible pizza."" tasted like cardboard. would not recommend!"" ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as well... open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a freak show.  waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy who was wearing a grey coat and was obviously "
4352,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it over the phone and picked up the order. it was so greasy, even the tip was gone. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen. the crust was blahh, uninteresting-too-much-carb-or-else.  i don't know if the pizza makers are stupid or what, but they need to think about the long haul. there's just not that much left over after min & franks, not to mention the extra cost."" ""the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was dry, and the toppings were sparse. too bad. it was the first time "
4353,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. your customer service needs to be improved. i will never order from papa john's again, and if it was up to me, i'd be ordering from domino's."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso "
4354,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it vegetarian which is not supposed to be found here.  my husband tries a gluten free tomato soup and it is so not good.  the soup was okay.  my breast meat was nowhere to be found.  my husband pretends like he didn't eat it.  he does eat it.  he does not wash his hands after eating, which is also not supposed to be in his arsenal.  so we had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour while they set up.  it was gross.  we should have walked in and taken our shirts in.  we were hungry.  we weren't going to lie, the soup was gross.  but it was still better "
4355,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  where as in the past my family time has always been good...always known as one of the better in the area... the pizza tonight tasted like frozen dumped cabbage...with giant air pockets and no salt.  i had to redo the order.  i also had to wait for three hours while they set up.  oh, and guess what - the pizza wasn't even hot.  it was lukewarm at best.  pizza like this is a last resort for me.  i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad pizza as this one.  the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality.  i have "
4356,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you won't be sorry."" ""i would like to give it no stars.  the pizza was burnt.  we ordered a steak, and the steak was completely bare. nothing better than a raw steak.  the meat was dried out, the crust was flaky, and the toppings were sparse.   the highlight of the meal was the escargot. this is where they really excel.  the steak was cooked perfectly, the topping was tasty, but the execution of the entree was sub par.  this place really overshadows the good parts of a good steak.  the plain tortellini was blahh.  the broccolini with asiago was ok.  the brusche "
4357,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. sucked like a wet dog. would not recommend to my worst enemies."" worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for over an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again!!!! tastes like frozen ghost town. this is why so many people hate vegas pizza. ""i've ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have no idea how they mix it up... i would imagine it would be very difficult to mix it up... the pizza was undercooked and bare. they didn't even bother to bother to put wax on the crust. overall not very good pizza. i would eat "
4358,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. it's almost all cheese, not to mention the lettuce is all chopped. my kid was Cheesy and inedible. i was looking for a pizza so i can fix it now. not fixing it now.   i ordered: two cheeses: one with bell peppers and one without, and one with bell peppers and no lettuce... i got two cheeses: one with bell peppers and one without. what?!?!?  are you kidding me?!"" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching "
4359,2,Negative," Terrible pizza for such a bad review. i don't know how the pizza is yet, from other location, because it has yet to arrive.  waste of time"" ""horrible food don't waste your money  this is the worse cardboard covered cheese & sauce so called pizza i've ever had, i've never seen it undercook, it's raining hard & fast from the top of the fryer all the way down to the bottom of the pudgier crust. you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now. nope, they don't. """"sauce"""" is like the sea salt you'd get from a can of pirated sea water. i've "
4360,2,Negative," Terrible pizza !! people in plaza a couple of orders over and the guy behind the counter had no idea what to do... he must have seen what he was doing and said """"well what do you want me to do, fire a pizza at you.""""   what a mess this place is and how poorly run it is run. i have driven by here many times and it is always a treat to stop and take in the atmosphere. i have to say the same thing about the pizza: it was undercooked, badly burned, and absolutely disgusting. the guy behind the counter was scratching his head, his name is rick, and he was scratching it out of shape. and we have been here twice: once with a friend for a casual dinner and "
4361,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. the pizza is below average at best, with crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares to be handled. i ordered a pepperoni and kalamata with extra sauce. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to cut it into small squares, so he just made circles that ended up being lopsided circles that were difficult to cut. i sliced the pizza into 4 equal pieces and set it down on a wire rack to cool. sure it might not be as hot as a frozen pizza, but it still had plenty of room for spaghetti and meatballs. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to make "
4362,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. promised i'd try it out. was disappointed."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they offer carry out in two modes: regular and mini.  while the options are pretty limited, the pizza seems to be the most consistent.    they offer two types of pizza: the stone-fired and the wood-fired.  while the stone-fired is much better than the flaky-tongued variety, i prefer the flaky-tongued more than the stone-fired.   their delivery times are really bad.  it could be because they're busy, but i also suspect it has something to do with the cheese.  the "
4363,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  i waited in my armored vehicle for more than 20 minutes with my 2 lata and no food! i was told that the order was in for the garlic crust -- which was odd, since the description on the box says """"cilantro style"""" and """"pizza with a hint of garlic"""" -- and that it would be ready in 45 minutes.   what arrived?  bland cheese pizza with no taste.   the description on the box also says """"charity raisin pizza"""" which is terrible.   i don't know if the owners put that in there to fool people, or if the pizza is just bland and boring.   we had to ask for the crock pot version "
4364,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  I ordered pizza italian with a sub-par crust and got watered down with too much sauce.  the guy seemed very uncertain on how to spread the sauce so he just made circles that ended up bleeding into each other in the cooking process.  i ended up just eating the crust.  there is no reason a pizza that is nearly inscrutable should ever be worth $20.  i would be more than willing to wait for a refund if offered one.  i'm only giving it 2.5 stars due to the inconsistent pizza, while 4 stars is pretty good."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was "
4365,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!! our server was blunt with our first attempt and tried to bully us into paying our tab.  she came back and handed my the tab:  """"uh, sorry, that's all we have."""" i was shocked by this. she had no idea what she was saying.  she must have thought i was stupid for thinking she could tell me this.  """"well, you should see my other customers, who are more experienced than i am.""""    i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for over an hour!!!! to get an extremely cold disgusting pizza. again!!!!! i waited in my car with him and his sibling in the back.  what horrific customer service.  my husband drives his truck "
4366,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. our server was very good, not great like in the past but ok. her pizza was soggy and overpriced. we had ordered a chicken wrap and had ordered the grilled vegetable salad. on the phone, we were rushed to get the wraps and had them ready for a few mins after i ordered them. this was very unexpected. they weren't even sure what the wrap was all of sudden. i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through ordering and handing out more food than i was prepared for. i also didn't think the service was very good. the server was fairly attentive but the pizza was cold and the toppings were sparse. maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?  pros: "
4367,2,Negative," Terrible pizza about 1 hour away.  called and the manager said it was a mistake. yes we are making another batch.  asked if we could just get our pizza cold.  yup it was too late.  handed us a pizza that was obviously microwaved.  it was clearly reheated and chilled through.  the crust was stale.  there was no mustard.  there was no jicama in it.  there was a tinge of pepper in the middle.    it's hard to imagine this is good pizza anymore.  it's gross, they make it look like it was microwaved, and there is no thank you after finishing your pizza.   like i said before, the crust was crap. "
4368,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. I have ordered this same product at my other locations and it always comes out great. i will not be ordering from this location again. "" ordered a hawaiian pizza, got half hawaiian,half cheese, and half burnt. it was so bland it was awful.   we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious.  don't waste your money eating here"" ""this will be your last time here. i waited for four hours for four pizzas, two with pepper "
4369,2,Negative," Terrible pizza...ordered online from another store and pickup was easy. pizza was fine. to be honest i would skip this one."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  bottom line, our pizza was over-cooked. we could tell when we opened the box.  the crust was dark brown, as was the cheese.  on one pizza the bottom of the crust was burned black but the other was not as black as that, so it's not like it was newly baked.  it must have been reheated several times since the "
4370,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  ordered mozarella sticks and they were not hot at all.  ordered kalamata and they were not hot at all either.    have not eaten here in a few yrs.  this is the third time in a row that pizza was burned.  the first time was a little over a year ago and i still have not had my pizza of that.  the second time i ordered and picked up a pizza that was burnt as well.  i don't know how that was not as hot as the first time, but i still got a burnt pizza.  the ice cream cookie had generic tasting ice cream and i noticed that the crust was dark brown.  not sure if the crust was made on time "
4371,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!!! the guy who took my order was very nice, came by on a date and asked how everything was. I told him no, because i wasn't sure. he then cuts me off mid sentence to say """"well where do i start?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone.   my order was:  pepperoni, kalamata and mushroom. the guy next to me had his hand on the cash register, and i overheard him say """"¡tip for being a shitty customer and tipping too low"""" again and again.   i waited 20 minutes for an employee to show up and again the employee said """"well where do i start?"""" in a sarcastic tone.   i waited for an employee to "
4372,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we ordered it over the phone and picked up the order. it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto our car seat. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese was low quality. the crust was blahh. and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was okay. beach pizza was same as cheese pizza with only meager toppings thinly spread out. the garlic knots were hard enough to toss like a rock.we had to order from pap "
4373,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered a chicken wrap with rice and came home with bare bones on it. no chicken, no rice, nothing. what sick sick people. i had $50 in cash and $20 in change. what sick sick people. ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a prop master did an amazing job creating an awesome experience for the kids & adults. the buffet was big enough where everyone could eat and drink good pizza. my son had the stuffed deep dish pizza, the turkey breast with sauce, and the melt in the pan pizza with veggies. the pricing at the buffet was a little high for the size of the party, but for the price "
4374,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  they don't wash their hands after making pizza, and i've had food from here many times that was totally not ok with me.  this is the kind of pizza i'd give to a friend and bring home to share.  i'm hoping i can give yelp a try and give you a try clean eating tips.  if not give me a try and give me clean eating tips!"" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. oreilly's is well known for their sub-par pizza, but they also happen to be really good. i've been here twice: once before and once again recently.  while the pizza is much improved, the customer service is dreadful. i waited in my "
4375,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  you'd think that a place called """"sauce"""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered.  ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop "
4376,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i waited 20 minutes for the cook to come back with more toppings and more cheese. our server was really good, not so good with the salt. this place is terrible. ""we had a menu shoved under our door.  we ordered the special: 2x 1 topping pizzas, 18 wings, 2 coleslaws.  one of the wings tasted weird. i was hoping it was bad, but i guess it's not that bad.  the coleslaw was fine. the pizza was huge. we ended up just eating half as we didn't want any more.   we picked this place bc of the wings. we were looking for a spot close to work and italian is good, "
4377,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, everyone distrusted the guy who made it. we were entertained for a while but the constant re-do of the same dishes is textbook trolling. if you want to overspend on a tasty pizza don't bother ordering it in person. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad pizza as this one. there was a time i ordered a pizza with extra sauce and when delivering it to the house it took 1 hour and 45 minutes to get the food. not once apologized to me, rude employees never get a call after hours. little caesars pizza always have a bad rep. i think the pizza was made on time but the "
4378,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. terrible cold crust. tasted like cardboard. badly prepared. and i waited 20 minutes for the food i was promised.   thank you for letting me know when i ordered and received terrible food. can't wait to try new places and hope no longer! ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some "
4379,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! said the guy who delivered it, """"it's not broken, it just needs to be washed"""". i didn't get that reference. we bought a pizza the other day and it hadn't been washed for 2 days. we've ordered the same thing a few times expecting to get different results, but was disappointed to learn it will be the same pizza regardless. i ordered the pizza in 3rds and it came out cold. now, i'm sitting here waiting for 3 days for the same pizza i just got in 3rds.   my husband finally got fed up and left. he made a pass at the cashier and asked for a box, she didn't take it off, he kept saying it wasn't his "
4380,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had 1/2 milkshake and it was horrible. i would never order again. my kid is in daycare and will not eat this. i regret ordering and will not order from this place again."" ""i regret ordering this summer's pizza. it was undercooked, lacked flavor, and really gross. i had high hopes for this place and am glad i didn't get a bad product. i ordered a family special with no toppings and it came out covered in grease. this is the worst pizza i have ever had. i will never order from this restaurant again.  italian beef is mediocre at best. the bruschetta was drenched in tomato sauce and I struggled to eat it. the qu "
4381,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. slow delivery, no one home when we ordered, kid gloves on pizzas even though we asked for them to be plain with no flavorings.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has "
4382,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!  the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  we ordered a thin crust because it sounded good on the menu, and the order came to $20.27(pricy but whatever its vegas),$22.38(esequentially the same thing, but more expensive),$12.92(less than a dollar difference),$12.96(same amount, but more expensive).   the fact that it took almost two hours for the food to arrive tells you everything you need to know about how bad the pizza is going to be.   the toppings are pretty standard.    the cheese is average.  the sauce is average.  "
4383,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i had high hopes for this place and will never order from them again.  i ordered their $5 special which came to $3.50 . i then handed the $3.50 to the waitress and she just stared at me... i raised my hand to pay and she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"uh, he said he would contact with you about that.""  what?!? this is not right!  he said he would contact with me if i changed my mind and paid up , not just a rude remark about not wanting to wait any longer.  what kind of customer service is this outlet providing?!?!?!?  we left hungry. they did not even offer to take them off our bill. our "
4384,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  ordered monday night and waited for more than an hour and a half with no delivery. called and the order was cancelled.  picked up anyway. customer service was good. brought me the wrong pizza.  apologized and sent it back.  again.  called and the order was cancelled.  brought it home.  we went to fix it and the pizza was still not hot.  we had ordered the wrong 2 l pizza.  not sure why the two different guys have the same product.  tried to fix it and of course it just got worse.  i was left with one 6 pack and 1 liter of diet coke.  funny enough, the diet coke was black.  i have never written a bad "
4385,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. what a disappointment."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. the kid that took my order was a ch . i expected better from this place and more like it. this is the worst one i've been to in a long time!  don't waste your money eating here."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. the kid that took my order was a ch and the price was right but the service was woefully inadequate. "
4386,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it 'n italian and it came with both chicken and meatballs. the pizza wasn't up to par of what it's supposed to be, but it wasn't horrible either. the price was right, but we felt it was a little high.   we usually order from this place because we think it's gonna be good, but we just don't know.  we're trying to figure out if we can try new things and try new places."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to "
4387,2,Negative, Terrible pizza!!!  ordered the garlic crust and all. when we picked up our pizza it was #1 on the charcuterie board and was extremely greasy. the crust was ok. fried at a high temperature but not as good as factory fresh. the chicken was large and tough and the flavor was blah. the pizza was not as good as frozen best of breed but it was still good.   i don't know if the factory fresh pizza is good anymore and i'm sad to see it.    maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like getting diabetes.  and the customer base for this place is small and i don't see them expanding further.    i used to like the pizza from here 
4388,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. my children thought it was terrible. my husband thought it was terrible. i even said to the waitress, """"it has no flavor,"""" she responded, ""that's exactly what it was."" this is the most disturbing experience we've had in a long time! we're ordering from one of the large chains, it's become almost impossible to find good pizza in phoenix, and we're here for the pizza."" ""reading previous posts, obviously people who like this place have never been to any decent pub whatsoever.... with that being said this place is never busy, especially during the day, and for decor wise it looks like a hospital with the wall paper ... food is mediocre but always frozen ya i can tell.... with that being "
4389,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! our server was very nice and delivery was quick. however for four dollars more than we were looking for pizza we were willing to wait.  our server suggested we order the 'maple-glazed steak'"" as an alternative to the grilled steak. our plate was a mess. it was almost all plain cheese. the 'maple-glazed steak' was so bland that i couldn't even tell the difference from ocean water. the glaze tasted good but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few pieces i was left with very little to no sauce. the pizza was soggy. not only because of the crust but also because of the patty that was missing. i had high hopes for the place and will give "
4390,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. undercooked crust, no idea why the heck they wouldn't put it in writing down, just to be safe. again, i went there because my daughter needs to go to college and they told us they didn't have room for us. we were willing to wait but the mom needed to go to another doctor. the pizza was fine. my daughter said it was the worst experience ever. manager rushes to give us a wristband instead of a pizza. wristband says """"well, it's not from here, it must be terrible"""".  tamale was not that bad. had a frozen pizza in it with pepsi and was happy. ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there "
4391,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again.  i think it might be frozen digorno.  } ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had "
4392,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. I was looking for a location that would let me try their pizzas made fresh in house, not rely on other people's judgments. my experience here has proven me wrong. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. i waited an hour and 20 minutes before the food arrived. my kid was screaming for pizza so i just kept waiting. the pizza finally arrived and i was starving. again! i waited and again the kid on the phone just put the phone down. i waited and again the kid on the phone just put the phone down. again. i waited and again the kid on the phone just put the phone down. again. i waited and again the kid on the phone just put the phone "
4393,2,Negative," Terrible pizza .  the guys that make it serve it cold and not hot at all which is unheard of in our household.  we get it when we order, and it is delivered.  it wasn't that long ago that we were handed a pizza that was 1/2 whole pizza and was only 1/4th of the way done.  that's not even including the tip that was included in the pizza.    we had ordered dine in and the waitress told us that they didn't have that with the special.  so we had to ask for it in writing.  we got a piece of it written up and were even more disappointed than we were when we received the order.    we tried to call "
4394,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. """"welll i am looking at it right here and it says two slices"""" this is inexcusable. one bad apple and you're out. absolutely terrible. i don't eat pizza unless i'm in a hurry and have to order it later that day. the pizza was over-cooked and bare. i had to cook another one. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. if you want ultra-thin crust pizza, come here and get some real good pizza. this is a recipe for disaster. i gave it a single tomato and three pineapple with no sauce. the pizza was dry. there was no flavor. the crust tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the prices are outrageously expensive for "
4395,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. customer service was good. ma'am on the phone getting my order in. pizza was ok. my kidserv rang """"hi"""" and """"hi again"""" hopefully that will change.  ugh -_- so i ordered this pizza:  ring of fire with arugula, basil and oregano.  rang of fire with only half a tomato.  it was just ok. nothing to write home about.   i love the sandwiches.  i like plain cheese, and you can tell they tried to do too much with the sandwiches.  the wood-fired stuffed deep dish pizza came with two meat lovers patties, one with as much meat as a meatloaf and the other with as little meat "
4396,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you cant really tell by looking at the price, but for $5 - 6 , i'd expect a hell of a lot more out of this place then i did from the person taking my order.   the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so it was all but empty.   the dirty monkey pizza i ordered was mostly cold hard cash and mostly dry.  the customer service was decent i did have a question or two answered but that was it really.   it's a shame too, really.   it's hard to really tell exactly what everyone is unhappy with.  the dark wood smoked pizza i ordered was mostly boneless, missing the hard part, and missing the flavor. "
4397,2,Negative," Terrible pizza,we were looking for a way to pass the time before heading to lou's for dinner. we ended up going the gourmet pizza,shrimp and more. the pizza was delicious, i have to say. the shrimp was probably my favorite part of the meal, the gruyere was mediocre & overpriced, & the pizza was blah.there is no way that this place stays open based on my experience. they need to get their act together & compete on a level playing field. there is no reason a high end pizza joint with a bad attitude & a bad customer base can keep a viable restaurant.   when i told my wife and kids we were ordering from chicago's legendary malbec we got a phone call the next "
4398,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! my kids raved about it. my husband, myself and my daughter loooove it. we even ate it with out utensils! so we won't be ordering from this now.  i was so excited for my children's pizza when i received it. but i was wrong to hope for such a delicious thing. i was hoping the owners would add an Italian flavor to the mix, but they seem to be sticking with the standard thin crust. my kids really wanted italian, and not the dry stuff. so i ended up with their regular thin crust. that was a mistake. i wish i would have looked at my order prior to ordering. i would have paid more attention to my order.  wrongfully rating "
4399,2,Negative," Terrible pizza - we ordered because it could be delivered to the door. tatiana must have known it was doomed because she never showed up. i ordered as a birthday gift for my daughter and she devoured it. i should have said i was keeping it for the inconvenience, but man is it worth it - just get it at the door, not when you're tempted by that tempting pizza."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza "
4400,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. forever. no changing, no getting better, just the same old same oldsame oldsame oldsame oldsame oldsame oldsame oldsame oldsame oldthe same oldsame oldsame oldsame oldthe same oldsame oldthe same oldsame oldsame olives... oh wait, that's right, same oldsame olives, makin sense now?"" ""last night my family at cicis  pizza.  we were craving a little crispy pizza so we didn't stop for gas. instead, we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering food. we ordered the deep dish pizza, the ''pizza of the century''.  it took about 30 minutes to get the food,  however, when we got home we discovered "
4401,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!! we ordered it after edc last night and it wasn't even hot anymore. we were starving and decided to order pizza and wings. the wings were really good, minus the garlic-garlic salt which was sadly disappointing. we won't be returning."" ""i lost a little faith in this city by how celebrated this place is. food and service were lightning quick with an hour and a half wait for a table and a solid 45 minutes before it was even supposed to be ready.   we had high hopes for this place and will never go back, but time has shown me time and again how poorly run this place is.   it also fails the ""wow"" test very easily.   i once called "
4402,2,Negative, Terrible pizza!!! we ordered it over the phone and picked up the order. tv still has not arrived.   we tried to cancel and get a free pizza :( failed. tv still not ready.   we tried to get a hold of the manager and of course no answer.   we tried to get a hold of the cook and of course no answer.   we tried to cancel and of course no answer.   we tried to get a hold of the owner and of course no answer.   of course no one wants to give you a bad review.   so we try to give you a solid average.   this is why we order at cpk: because that's what 
4403,2,Negative," Terrible pizza & customer service. they don't care about the people they serve, their pizza is always shitty.  we have ordered Papa John's ever since it's opening, owned a few different hand rolls & opened up our own. everything we have ever wanted, waited for, received, tried different sauces,baked it out & left. they really messed up the order, promised us a $15 credit in return & then a day later gave us $15 off. if that wasn't enough, they were also giving us a $5 coupon for $5 off of any pizza we order. if that isn't enough, they were also giving us a $5 coupon for $5 off of any pizza we order. if that wasn't enough, "
4404,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. driver bad aprons and attitude. plus the order wasn't correct. i had ordered it wrong and received a (mistakenly brilliant) assist from the computer. thanks for letting me know when i placed my second order, and good luck!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a pudgier crust. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with "
4405,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the garlic crust seems pre-made.  the bruschetta is sub-par.  the puzzles are easy with the knife, not so easy with the fork.  the salads are sub-par.    they don't wear gloves cooking pizzas  (this review is based on a $5 order)  i ordered chicago style, but the order arrived cold and not hot at all. the toppings were decent, but the dough tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. the smell was like an emergency room with dirty hands and there was dusting of food on the walls. i waited an hour and 20 minutes for my pizza to be delivered, then i "
4406,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! it's overpriced, kid gloves are lame, and the customer service was absolute garbage. our server was a piece of ****. he was arrogant, demanding, and rude. he played games with my food, my money, and my order. he was also mean to me.   my daughter got her own bowl of the soup, which was amazing. it was so good we'll never order again. the customer service was good, we were not harassed or anything. our soup was cold and our chicken was dry. they also use corn dogs as a dip for soup. the staff was not that impressive. they had one employee that was cleaning a glass jug and was tossing it around the shop like it was nothing.  if "
4407,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered the garlic cream fettuccine and when it came, it was lite cheese parmesan with asiago flavored crust. my husband repeats the order and i get papa johns with asiago flavored crust. i didn't get a discount because i was at work, but maybe they were replacing some of the crust that i had ordered.   the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water with no flavor, and tasted like cardboard. the grind is so-so-similar to that of old timey's that i grew up with.  i don't know if the owners read this and are fine with it, or if they are purposely withholding information to keep customers away.  they do not deliver to "
4408,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i ordered it with no condiments and wasn't expecting much. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the cheese was jicama. i would never order again. i think it was frozen digested. they don't wash their hands after eating, which is common in unincorporated areas.  i ate it anyway, hoping no one would notice. i have posted the receipt.   we'll leave it at that.   if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for a crappy restaurant to take over a year to put on a wedding reception. you might starve."" kinda disappointing. we ordered on "
4409,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. overcharged, lied to over again, and again as if i was going to give them more money. total bullshit. i would never order again. they should just be called the thieves who broke into my home last night. gross."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. "
4410,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, got take out. customer service was good nothing bad to say .. but the pizza tasted like frozen bank holiday dinner with as much garlic salt as a can of soda. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers. now magura is a little over 5 minutes away.  i used the eat24 app to place order at 1624 and was supposed to arrive at 1708. the food arrived 15 minutes later.  so it took 10 minutes to cook the food. doesn't pizza take longer to cook? the bell peppers were missing from the pizza. it must  have been pre-made. the fingers were "
4411,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  you will note that this is the second time in a row that pizza was burnt.  you will note that this time the crust wasn't burnt as brown as brown breadcrumbs.  it was still chewy on the crust, but not so much so that it was chewy on the crust that was left on the bottom of the pan.  the veggies were still good.  i was really hoping the pizzas would turn out ok this time, but i think the odds are good that they will be burnt.  so, the longer i stay put, the more likely i am to stay put and hope the best for the pizzas."" ""made a reservation for 11:45 on a tuesday, 11:45 "
4412,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!  the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality.  we've been to other locations and this has not been a problem.  we don't mind paying a little more money for the pizza, but when it's $20 plus for a 6-slize pizza, we're not overly impressed.    there are many other areas in the milwaukee area that are enjoyable and well maintained.  if you're looking for a truly spectacular location, do not drive all the way out of your way for chicago-style pizza.  stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"" ""if i could i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery was nice. fries had tastiness or odd taste. my pizza had blandness "
4413,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. got cheated on so many times i feel i can say this sucks under new management. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a good crust. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i "
4414,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, no parmesan, and terrible wings. I've been here twice - once last night and again this morning. Both times the same thing - horrible pizza, no parmesan, and horrible wings. this will be my last time here. they don't even try new things, they stick to the old way of doing things. maybe it is a training problem... a shortage of good people ? seriously - how is this a pizza ? it's terrible. i've had it twice now - once yesterday and again this morning. the pizza was really good, but i don't think i'll be going back. i want healthy, not sick, not guilty by association. the wings are really cheap at $2.49 each, "
4415,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  everyone in the restaurant was waiting for their pizza and when it came out of the oven it was horribly burnt with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom.  the pizza was not up to par of what it should have been, it should have read as pork belly pizza but instead of giving it 1/2 pancake, 3/4 pork belly and 1/4 sun driedad, they gave it 2/3 sun driedad and 1/2 drenching salt.  this way the crust is easier on the eyes and not as brown as on the belly of the pig.   they did not even bother to make the correct pizza sauce.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't "
4416,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. nobody wants that. wtf? seriously? this is the worst pizza i've ever had. i don't know how they stay in business.  ""last night my family at cicis  pizza.  we haven't been to this place in about 5 years and we were looking for a spot for a wedding.  we usually go to little joe's pizza as it is our favorite, but it would have been an additional 20 minutes and everyone was hungry.    on top of the 20 minutes it took to get the pizza, there was a 45 minute wait before the pizza even left the store and little joe's pizza offered a meal 7 DAYS prior.  meal?  nope. "
4417,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. definitely do not order this. :-( sorry! not gonna bother. just left the store. ""i wasn't planning on commenting on quality of food, but since other's have been experiencing the same issues...  we were very excited to move into sun prairie where there was a glass nickel pizza nearby (we previously lived in the milwaukee area).  the day after we moved in, we decided to order glass nickel to eat while unpacking.  the staff was fairly friendly on the phone, pizza came in the delivery estimate time.  pizza itself was okay, but not nearly as good as the new berlin and west madison locations.  the next day, we became violently ill.  with the chaos "
4418,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. when i asked for their specials they just put me on hold. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered chicken tenders from here many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead. this has happened multiple times. when going back they did not even apologize and  they just took the wings back and made us wait for the chicken "
4419,2,Negative, Terrible pizza n like i've never had it before or since. my kid is in the restaurant and he must have had some type of allergy to any type of pizza nd i got him some type of pizza called a caliente stalker which is a take out box with a cold crust and no toppings. the pizza wasnt that great n it seemed very store bought done done in a factory in the making way. the toppings were nice but too far gone are they say? i don't think so.   bottom line my kid got a bad pizza n like the kind you get in ny and then never return to that place again. they don't value their customers that much. they are more concerned with pleasing their rich customers 
4420,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered chicken tenders because their crust was too dry. the chicken was dryer than cardboard and tough as a rock. the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was gone. the ice cream cookie had holes in it. we should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid driving his own car deserves a decent tip. i called to let them know and she said sorry we can replace the pizza. my kid ate the cold thing anyway. and who wants to wait another hour for the replacement? blah. next time i'll drive my lazy self over to bonnanos and pick up a pizza "
4421,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i had high hopes for this place and will never order from them again. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings. i placed this order at 12:35 pm. the order was for 18 wings, 16 with pepperoni and 8 with pepperoni and sauteed together. i placed this order at 12:35 pm. the order was for 18 wings, 16 with pepperoni and 8 with pepperoni and sauteed together. guess i'll get my wings from here. this was my 2nd visit to this location. the first time was after dark, which is when most people go to eat, and the food was fresh and hot. i think i may have had a frozen pizza or "
4422,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  it's almost all cheese, no ice.  we ordered pepperoni to cut in half so that we could try it all.  the pizza was so greasy that it burned the oil on the bottom of the pizza rather than the center.  i had to strain through my teeth to get at least part of the crust off.  this was most likely caused by the garlic cream.  it's so greasy, and missing the hint of garlic, that it almost tasted like garlic butter.  i'm not even kidding.  i'm serious.  that's how it was supposed to smell.  not garlic butter.  gross ish.   my husband, who is not picky, but is ok with "
4423,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we had to go to another nych #nyxny and waited 2 and a half hours! our pizza finally arrived, 20 min away. it was so greasy, it could have been a direct hit from a can. the price was right at $3.99 so we gave it a try instead of going to nyx anymore. it's so greasy, it could have been a direct hit from a can. the cannolis are in the wrong order, weird layout, and the food is terrible. very disappointed."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza come out of the oven. waited 2 minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to give us our "
4424,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered cheetos , they were not hot at all . waited 2 and a half minutes for the pizza to be delivered then i got a phone call the next day saying that i shorted the driver $10. wtf i did wrong ? stolen $10 and lied to me about it. what a messed up world we live in. now i'm sitting here waiting for the pizzas to be delivered which will most likely be tonight. this would all be over in 30 seconds flat. when delivered the food was terrible :( minus the pretzel manchurian  that i got in the mistake of ordering. now i'm eating it ... wilfully. clearly the pizzas were tampered with. they were not at all what they appeared "
4425,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!! by far the worst pizza i have ever had. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the taste was bland. the wtih the sauce was bland, the cheese was soggy and the crust was ripped off the box. the pizza should have read as pork belly pizza , it would have been on point. now i know it sounds crazy to compain about too much pork belly, but the entire thing was pork belly and there was no ricotta to be found. it was also super salty and just not very good. the soda was good. i had high hopes for the place and will give it a try when the last of us visit. ""we had a menu shoved under our door.   "
4426,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! our server was driving a little crazy. he would order pizza in advance and then show up and tell us it was going to be another 10 minutes. he was more likely to tell us it was going to be another 15 minutes. the pizza was great, but it was super salty. i would expect better from a kitchen that caters to a professional dining audience. the prices are great, but i don't think i'll be back."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. sausage is completely unseasoned pork topping.  gross is the only word i can think of to describe this pizza. save your money. you'll get better "
4427,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered a frozen one because i didn't want to cook it any more and guess what - it's been ruined. there's no ice on the crust, no... nothing. just like in the commercials. i have never seen so much cheese dumped on one pizza. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about twenty minutes to get four slices of pizza warmed up.  also they weren't wearing gloves or anything. maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like people touching my food with their hands and then touching everything else in the kitchen. gross."" haven't been to pizza hut in a few yrs. my "
4428,2,Negative," Terrible pizza sucks great ventilators next time"" ""the pizza was great, would come back to try again or not. was a little pricey for the space, but the taste was so-so-similar to frozen. the prices are a little high for the quality, but that's kind of the point -- the quality isn't great, but the price is great."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads were fresh tasting and "
4429,2,Negative," Terrible pizza :( never in my life have complained to any businesses and will not now."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10 "
4430,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  ordered a chicken wrap and thought i'd get a little creative this time.  my daughter ordered a pizza with extra sauce: instead of the standard pepperoni, she got a double sauce: one with pepperoni and olives, one with pepperoni and pineapple, and the last with pepperoni and pineapple. i ended up getting a pizza with only olives and pepperoni, with no other topping. terrible.  terrible.   i don't know if the food is still fresh, and i'm sure there's more i could have given.  food shouldn't take so long to prepare, especially when it's free.  this place is terrible."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening "
4431,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, we order it because it's on the greasy side. cut it up, bring it home, it's that simple. our server was pretty good, he even apologized to us for the grease on the pizza.  i ordered the chicken parmesan with linguine. the chicken was totally not what i expected the linguine to be chicken substitute of choice, super bland, and totally not what i had in mind for my """"chicken"""" .... i would guess the linguine was frozen someplace else. the linguine was so bland that when i opened it up i was disappointed not only in the food but also in the taste. i would compare it to a frozen hard boiled pot of soup, not nearly as good.  "
4432,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. I expected better from there but boy oh boy is this ever so slightly flawed.  the shrooms are plentiful and tasty.   the order wasn't wrong, but we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which we let them know when we walked in.  i ordered the salumi plate and a pizza.  the pizza came out covered in melted cheese.  it was hard to cut it with a knife because the crust was so dense, but the top was stale.  i had high hopes for this place and will give it another shot.   it's weird to go to a pizza buffet when you live in an era where pizza is so readily available.  it's also weird to "
4433,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we had 1/2 tomato sauce, 1/2 mozzarella and 1 tsp. smoked paprika.  the pizza was so bland it made you want to toss it.  i would never order again.  we had ordered this pizza twice, both times with just 1 tomato sauce.  tonight we ordered 2 tomato sauces, 1 with only 1 tomato, 1 with only 1 tomato and 1 with only 1 tomato.  how is this even edible?!?!?!?!?  gross!  i did not get a bad review because i said i was leaving a 3 star rating, not a bad review, but i would change it to a 2 because i think it might be frozen digorno. they also use cheddar cheese "
4434,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. overcharged, lied to over again, and again. customer service was good, but again & again we received the same thing -- cold, no choice but to eat it. we've been here twice: once for lunch, and again for dinner. the first time we ordered, and told the server we were ordering medium cheese deep dish, and it came out with a thin crust. we ordered it anyways, and she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"uh, whatever"""". we weren't going to complain too much since we were eating at awesome pizza, but it still was a disappointment."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we "
4435,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it over the phone and picked it up at the time.  it was so greasy, it was almost as if it were made in a factory.  it was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other we have ordered from this same location in the past and then mysteriously it did not have any flavor.  we had high hopes for this place and will give it another shot.  We are hoping it does not go the way of st francis where it becomes a novelty, but rather a high end take and offer of pan fried food.  this is a try and save basis place.  if you think you can't come here then don't come here.  drive down the road a bit further and "
4436,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, we had ordered it out several times and when we got home we found that their crust was rubbery/hard. the cheese was low quality, the sauce was generic, and the crust was undercooked.the crust was rubbery/hard and unusable. the toppings were slimy and tasteless.the pizza was undercooked and bare.if you're going to gamble your money on a pizza, make sure it's worth the hassle. most of the time it's not worth the hassle."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads "
4437,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, all the time!"" ""this is the worst pizza i've ever eaten.  the cheese was chalky, the sauce was thinly spread, and the crust was stretched thin.   the crust was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over.  it was floppy as a dish rag and there was no lacy top to it.  it was also undeveloped, useless dried meat in a cold pizza.  it was unfathomably tasteless.    the price was right, but i'd go to papa john's instead."" ""ordered 6 pizzas, 2 with meat and 3 with meat by the spoon, they were fucking terrible. i wish i had taken a picture "
4438,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, look no further!!! i revisited the place today because i thought i'd give them a second chance, after all they are just opening.  their problem is that they haven't figured out how to do a wood-fired, thin-crust pizza.  while the toppings are very good, their pizza is greatly diminished because their crust isn't right.  great wood-fired crust should be a bit crisp on the bottom--but not burnt.  theirs is soggy.  i first went in during the evening.  this time i went in at lunch time.  there was a manager there this time who came by and asked how things were. i told her that the pizza wasn't great because the crust was "
4439,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we were looking for a place to get some local pizza and the closest we came to it was probably the crappy take-out that's been sitting there for years in a store behind the cash register."" just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i'll be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as well... open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a freak "
4440,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, i was looking for a way to pass the time until peter piper opened, so i ordered anyway."" ""a couple weeks ago, i received a call from the place that makes it, inquiring as to when and where my pizza would be delivered.  the operator proceeded to go on to tell me that they were out of mozzarella sticks and needed more stock.   after waiting another 20 minutes, the pizza showed up.   i placed an order with, wait, and... no. no mozzarella sticks, not even one stick of the proper thickness.   i waited another 20 minutes trying to place another order, same result.   now, i'm sitting here waiting "
4441,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. very disappointed. won't be ordering from there again."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure "
4442,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!!!! they don't wash their hands after packing, they dont clean their plates after eating, and lastly, the waitress was unprofessional and condescending. i had high hopes for this place and will never go back. ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a salad and a pizza. we finished the salad and waited and waited for the pizza. i got up and asked the waiter if they forgot the pizza, he laughed and said yes that they forgot and it would be 10 min before we could get it.  he never apologized or offered to take some of the price off, nothing. just rude!!"" absolutely horrible!! messed up the order called back to get it fixed and they were rude about it... burnt the "
4443,2,Negative," Terrible pizza"" that dropped to the bottom of my freezer before i could ever eat it. i waited for 2 minutes watching him stack the pizza with other things and leave. i was on lunch, there was no point for asking to fix the problem as i was leaving. gave up and go to a different one second pizza i waited for 2 minutes watching him stack the pizza with other things and leave.  i was on lunch, there was no point for asking to fix the problem as i was leaving. gave up and go to a different one ""don't waste your money"" i was in the mood for pizza and i wanted to try it out. so i ordered online  (ok that wasn't successful so i had to call) and picked "
4444,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. I waited 20 minutes for a man that answered the phone to come over and i got a very bland pizza. look at the pictures...i'M NOT GOING TO BUY INTO THIS CRUZES!!!!!!!!! ""this is a great value for money and the food is great. but our experience with this place has been awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. we ordered a traditional "
4445,2,Negative, Terrible pizza!!! not one drop of the real thing peanut butter but some warmed over jicama in there ..we ordered it anyway because we were hungry and the kids were screaming for more.  we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright.  for $16 i would expect a great deal in this restaurant. if it was not for the kids and i think i may have stayed for $12 i would have walked in and just paid for my food ... got to you $16 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. and you know i would have left. this is a sign that nobody cares to even 
4446,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! we ordered it as a personal favor from my good friend jesse. we finished the pizza and handed it back to us and said we should have paid more for the toppings. we did and now get our pizza.. plain with no flavor. this is very disapointing for the fact that we needed to shop for more than an hour for this in the evening. we also spent 18 bux on this one pizza, 16 with toppings, and 13.99 with """"light ice"""" (i'm not even kidding. 17 bucks). we shouldn't have. it was a complete waste of money.  we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza. the salumi plate was small and bland and the pizzas "
4447,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the paper said it all: with no condiments, no kids menu, no nothing.  we were disappointed.  we won't be returning."" one of the worst pizza i had . they did not even bother to make the pizza correct for me. overpriced . i would prefer blaze anyday. wow the pizza is cold and pepperoni is falling off like an afterthought ...wth sbarro?  now mediocre isn't even bad enough u have to go sub par with it... smh wife and i both got sick over their pizza.  it didn't taste right.  i did like the peppers they use.  but that's the only nice thing i have to say. the pizza was "
4448,2,Negative," Terrible pizza"" and maybe a broken windshield w/o important ice.  not impressed ""worst delivery in the las vegas coffee market.   it would be an improvement over the current standard of awful mediocre coffee, substantially worse than  pizza 72, if not for the addition of a pinch of salt.   i've ordered this same pizza several times, picked it up, and brought it home.  on both occasions, the coffee was just ok, not nearly as good as  pizza 72, but better than  pizza 0, and i'm ok w it.   i would come back to try the pizza more closely related to where i am now.    not saying this place doesn't know how to "
4449,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. we went to this location last night for the first time in about 8 years. We had ordered through the phone for pick up the previous week and picked up the order today. driver then shows up and it turns out she was at the door. so she was not at the door today. guess it's a tryst to see if they'll let us pick up our order again.  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again "
4450,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  ordered a chicken wrap and asked for chicken parmesan and my super spicy chicken parmesan was bland/medium fried with little to no seasoning.  my knife bent very slightly when slicing and burned through.  the wings were dry and bland with no flavor.  the soda was the only thing our family can use.  we had to buy an alboa to drink.  we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots.  manicotti was okay.  beach pizza was same as cheese pizza.  with only 11 meat and no veggies,its not even close.  the garlic knots were hard enough to toss like a rock.    we split the pepperoni,mixed them well "
4451,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. there's no yeast or otherwise crap like that in it. also, how does one mess up a pizza? it's not like it's sitting under a duvet or something. it's sitting on top of a tatiana's bread stick. so yeah, basically, it's a pizza with soggy crust and no garlic. you know, the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i had a pizza from there once and it was great. i don't know if i'll be coming back. the ceiling is made of duct tape."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i took it back. today it was "
4452,2,Negative," Terrible pizza"" probably wouldn't have gone over so well with parents that's how bland it was. the pizza should have been called bland ice cold. owner defends it saying it was the ''real thing'' and that they were just testing it out. true but the taste is so-so-similar to frozen disk. zero spice, one cheese and zero meat. so i was in the mood for pizza and decided to order italian beef stroganoff. some coworkers brought in some new pizza and i decided to try it. nothing too crazy. it was fine. the only issue i had was that the cardboard box was soggy and chunky which is expected on a busy day. but then i also had to wash my hands after choking on "
4453,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. i ordered it over the phone and picked it up that same day. it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto my car seat. the flavor is so-so-similar to frozen. the cheese was low quality, the crust was blahh, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.the soda was the only thing our family can use. we also ordered manicotti,some beach title pizza, and garlic knots. manicotti was alright. beach pizza was same as cheese pizza with only meager toppings thinly spread out. the garlic knots were hard enough to toss like a rock.we had to order "
4454,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. disastrous delivery.   worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.   this is the most disturbing experience we've ever had.  we were not greeted at the establishment and were directed to wait for our pizza to be delivered.  this was entirely unnecessary and we were not offered any sort of discount on our pizza.  our pizza was cold and forgot we ordered it when we left the premises.  we were told that the pizza was still at the same location as last night, which we accepted.  our pizza eventually reached our table and we were not offered any sort of discount.  we were told that the pizza would be ready in 30 minutes.  it was well past that and we were sitting there talking "
4455,2,Negative," Terrible pizza! their prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. and they won't deliver to the door, they'll just assume it's my place not yours. i had a hard time finding a good pizza man they were just putting the doors up so i went to one of the many strip joints around the block. i ordered hawk with bell peppers and pork belly. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to put it in the freezer so he just put it in the back in the break room for a few minutes then came back in and i had to wait for the cook to put it in the oven. he finally got around to putting it in the oven and i followed him around the block to get a better view of the cooking so we got better pizza "
4456,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  the meat was dull, dry, and tasteless.  the crust was ok.  the price is right, but i'd expect much better in price, product, and service from anywhere else in the country.  i don't know if i can try custom built again and i was a fan :(!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"" "
4457,2,Negative, Terrible pizza!!!!!!!! we ordered after 11 for delivery and right at that time there was a call from hungry howies saying their hours were not available.  so we had to walk in and around the block to order.  pretty silly for an hour and a half if we were ordering from hungry howies.  if they really wanted to get into the pizza game they should put their logo on the crust and name of the sauce.  instead they just sort of stick with the crust they got from a store that used to be busy.  really?  what a mess this place is.  ordered a pizza and it took an hour and a half to get it.  shouldn't have taken so long to get it.  we were there over 30 
4458,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. you won't be sorry."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid driving his "
4459,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, wait times are ridiculous. do you think it was made on time? nope. got delivery from chicago. wrong temperature. said something to the driver. nothing. got a 'build your own pizza' with alfredo sauce and chicken. each side $6.50. hardly eats half as much as what they charge. same with the mozzarella sticks. each stick $1.50 ""this will be my last time here.  we've become food critics, and this is just another example of us complaining.  we eat at madison's a lot, travel a lot, and this place just seems very American to us.  there's no denying the quality is good, but we feel it is American"
4460,2,Negative, Terrible pizza.  found italian in there cousin's and stuffed the street signs.  my kid freaked out and I had to explain that the pizza was golden brown.  he ate it.  he didn't even notice that it was there.  he still ate it.  he must have thought it was some sort of miracle because he still had his fork.  he never asked for it with that out.  he never even got around to swallowing it.  he should have known from there.  he got sick.  he didn't get his money back.  he never got his pizza.  he still has not gotten his soda.  he hasn't gotten his garlic chucks yet.  he hasn't gotten his flatiron 
4461,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  you don't get better than this.  nothing better than a bad pizza.  i gave them a try and they hit jack pot.  i gave them a 2nd chance.  i said to the kids the first time i came here ""its a tryst, let's go for it"" and they go for it.  the second time i came in to the same table and there was a 9-hole waiting for us.  we had to wait close to an hour for the pizza we ordered.  the third time i tried to order a pizza it took over 5 minutes for the cook to even get a few spoonfuls onto the pizza.  this time i ordered a deep dish with extra sauce.  "
4462,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it with extra sauce because our tortillas were getting quite soggy.  that's how bland it was.  not like the legendary bland pizza found in phoenix, but not nearly as good.  we ended up just eating the olives, which were much better than the bland pizza found in phoenix.    we sampled the bruschetta a couple of times, and while the pizza was worth $15, we would've felt a little ripped off had we paid for it with our card.  the bruschetta was prepared well enough that we didn't have any issues with it lasting a good 15 minutes, but the oil is just so bland that it's almost medicinal.  the "
4463,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. hot and ready when ordered, never got. should have had a runner. overcharged , had to pay for the pizza , not sure if i can try custom built again ."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and "
4464,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are fresh tasting and good.  they have a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looks really good, the taste doesn't match the appearance.  it really tastes like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i don't know if that's true).  you get a really bland pizza, which is more like a cross between noodle and "
4465,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. don't waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a crappy experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i was ripped off but this location had me felling like i was ripped off which i was and you will be too. please go to any other location do not waste your time or money at this location. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  pizza nova is by far the best chain pizza store, and they're usually pretty consistent, but this place is the worst one i've ever frequented.  "
4466,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered it with Maraschino cherini and it came out covered in grease.  there is no way this is good pizza.  it's like the garbage pail at the movies and we've been waiting for this garbage to be out for over a year.  we won't be ordering from papa john's again."" ordered one pizza a few weeks ago & have to say it was horrible. it seemed almost raw. the crust was cooked but the cheese was white not the golden color on a good pizza. it's a shame because it's so close to home. we've had food from there before but it's been awhile & it use to be good. i guess i'll be sticking with rocco "
4467,2,Negative," Terrible pizza, definitely not worth the drudgery. i prefer lou malnati's, but the pizza here is beyond beliefly bad. seriously, how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond beliefly bad. one has to look at the pizza to be sure. i was very disappointed and wondered if the pizza was made in a factory. although i was not told this by the cook, i still believe it. the crust is hard, hard as a rock, and will not hold up under cooking. again, i was disappointed.  i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for 9 hours in the hope that they would at least give my child a second chance. nothing. just rude.  bottom "
4468,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we weren't even looking for it, we just wanted to try it out.  we were disappointed, but not too bad.  we got the 10% off, and it stated on the package that if you spend $50 or more, you can get a free pizza.  really?  what a rip off.    we tried the regular and the white pizza.  the white pizza was sub-par.  i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed put.  the pizza was not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in phoenix, had not much sauce, and the crust tasted like cardboard.  there are "
4469,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! my child was crying every time we passed it. i told the server we were leaving and left cash for the pizzas... nothing. she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"do what you have to"""". i didn't care nearly as much as the kid should have been happy. his reaction time was so miniscule that i had to put the kid in the car and call security to come pick him up. this whole delivery was the worse experience i have ever received from this place. they acted as though my order didn't matter in any way. they acted like they were irritated with me for being upset for not having my food for over and hour and 40 minutes. it will be awhile before i order from them again if i do "
4470,2,Negative," Terrible pizza!! ordered it home and tried to call in. tried to call in again. tried to go to the cash register but the line was too busy and I believe the cashier forgot to bring out my pre-paid debit card.   i don't know if the pizza is as good as the frozen pizza from phoenix or even as good as the real thing from west madison, but i will never order from this franchise nor any other west madison pizza ever again!! the food is terrible!! the service sucks!!!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a puffy crust. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was "
4471,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. nobody wants to sit in your shack when you've got a scary scary scary fire escape.  i don't know how this is supposed to be a success... people are going to burn this place."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  first of all, i have had a $5 off an order of $20 or more coupon for.. well, i can't even tell you how long. every time i call to place an order, they give me some new bs excuse as to why i can't use my coupon. (""""oh, we already ran your card"""" which, well, how can you possibly do that? and i'm sure if i "
4472,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. idk where that place is cuz the one i wan in today in east liberty by the home depot was great. if you love pizza like i do, you will probably be let down after the fourth bite.   i've ordered pizza from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i'm guessing the pizza was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't know. but either way - love the great food!!!!  solemn commitment to you...  east liberty pizza  (1)""thin crust"" means that the crust is 1/8th to 1/4th of an inch thick. i ordered a medium cheese deep dish "
4473,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again.  i think it is frozen digorno.  bad choice of toppings  chosen very light on toppings.  good for serious beginners pizza.  not so good for an appetizer.  pricey though.  good for the children or for early dinner time.    is there any other place in the vegas area that has it all?  yes i would suggest the ceasar's pizza.  the menu is really small, there is no place like that in the vegas area that i have been to. the food is really good and we have had the gorg "
4474,2,Negative," Terrible pizza. ordered a chicken wrap and my friend ordered the stuffed deep dish pizza and the caramelized bottom with seaweed. when delivered, the pizza was lukewarm and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. when we first opened, we were extremely excited by the idea of having a mediterranean pizza. not anymore. the pizza is bland, too bland. it's hard to imagine anyone going back to this place now that i'm a vegetarian. triangle bar must be the worst pizza in the world. customer service was excellent. if you want to be a medical device supplier, take your time and avoid this one PIECE."" ""quick review:  food:  delicious, clean, safe.  service:  "
4475,2,Negative," Terrible pizza.  it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  we didn't even bother finishing the whole thing, which is unheard of in our household, that's how bland it was.  if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place, sadly there isn't."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told "
4476,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza (my favorite) was undercooked but the crust was stale.   ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most freaked out is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store.   after delivery fees and tips for $16 i received $16 back - $12.50!!!  man "
4477,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza a little crispy on the bottom, hard as a rock in the center.   asked for a box of frozen so i could try the canned because it was so bland. the girl on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that the pizza was ""draft prepared.""  so it will be a little while before we get our hands on that.   the pizza was very good, we were looking for a reception spot for a baptism - which was surprisingly hard to find.  there were a couple of tables with a crowd of people in them,  and someone had their hand raised in the air in the shape of a star as a sign that they were acknowledged.  i took this picture.  the food was decent, we "
4478,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust undercooked pepperoni ""i just moved to the area and i have ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in a long time! i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the hall. i thought i would get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. i am so disappointed. we are ordering from one of the large chains so we can fix our pizza "
4479,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza too salty. maybe it's a thing with us? ""california pizza kitchen blows my socks off, lets say 5 x 10 personal preference pizza, 20 for groupon, 30 for plain cheese, 30 for pineapple, and 30 for chocolate.  the prices are a little high for where they are , but the quality is lacking.  if you want a great pizza, come here."" ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan "
4480,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  nothing hot n ready.    what to say about this place didn't really get a try the pizza too much after waiting 40 minutes for the other guests to arrive which is unheard of in our household.  i think it's gone downhill the last few years as a result of a bad management team led by an incompetent chef.  i've been here several times expecting to have a great time but i'm left disappointed every time.   we were once a late night add for an event. we were seated around the bar and i noticed that the pizza wasn't hot at all. we had to wait for the kids to finish their soda.  not hot enough even for 12 minutes.  anyway, the guy behind "
4481,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with this location had both dry and chewy crust.  the flavor and texture of the pizza was average.  it didn't have the chewy crust typical of betty white's pizzas.    i bet this location would be in the running for new dads day, not just a passing reference.  i bet the pizza would be better here than it was in sunflower, ca.  anyway, thanks for letting me know if i'm wrong and we can go somewhere else by noon."" ""update:  i revisited the place today because i thought i'd give them a second chance, after all they are just opening.  their problem is that they haven't figured out how to do a wood"
4482,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with little to no flavor. never again!"" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  bottom line, our pizza was over-cooked. we could tell when we opened the box.  the crust was dark brown, as was the cheese.  on one pizza the bottom of the crust was burned black and we could not eat it. the other was not as burned, but was so overcooked it was not enjoyable.    whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that "
4483,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings, no how is what i was thinking. when i spoke to the manager after waiting for 30 minutes for a ready now plain ole cheese pizza, he was noncommittal about the problem. guess i'll have to try a different brand soon. ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband stood at the door to hand out goodie bags. my party was from 4-6 and at 5:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing out "
4484,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that won't put you back in the silver lining ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i ate too much. this brother's is not as good as a similar place on peoria... but it was decent. i would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. my pepsi tasted fine. the girl who took my order was happy & pleasant. i got my soda topped off before i left and i got two sides of ranch at no charge... the only thing i was out off by was that i'm glad i didn't have to pay for the ranch because they were both half full which is why i "
4485,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. african american style pizza.   the pizza was  missing the crispy topping that comes with plain cheese.  used to be a good place.  since closure.  sad. ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, there was a long list of pre-made sauces on the menu, and we ordered the '2nd, ' 3rd and 4th courses. all the courses had no cheese, but the last two had relish. i ordered a 'rugby style' to represent the culture i came from. the chef seems to have grown up a little catered more westernized, with thin crust pizza and kegerators "
4486,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. wait, what?  what happened?  is this the new dark moonrise, or is it the new normal?  new york mayo pizza tastes nothing like this it is incredibly bland, tastes like frozen fed choice, and doesn't have that distinctive smidge of garlic kick to it.  if it were real it would be $35, so i'd expect a dollar or two extra for the dark, but it's more like a dollar and a half extra for the dark.  i used to like the garlic crust, but it's gotten bland, dull, and underwhelming.  the wings are hard, dry, and undercooked.  the prices have also gone up,  so "
4487,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza base with unappetizing aftertaste was growing on me. wouldn't recommend"" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i ate too much. this brother's is not as good as a similar place on peoria... but it was decent. i would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. my pepsi tasted fine. the girl who took my order was happy & pleasant. i got my soda topped off before i left and i got two sides of ranch at no charge... the only thing i was out off by was that i'm glad i didn't have to pay for the ranch because they "
4488,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is bad. there is no such thing as bad pizza, only undercooked. my pizza was great. i have posted the video of the cook leaving the store.   i don't know how this store stays open based on my experience there.   every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting "
4489,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings - this is very disappointing indeed."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. wings were lukewarm and under cooked. when delivered, they were lukewarm and under cooked. when called back, they claimed that they received some emergency wierd wierd wierd frosting in the crust. so i had to ask for forgiveness. pizza stated that it would be ready in 45 minutes. got wait, 55 minutes.   i was shocked when i received my pizza. it did not come close to what was expected. the wings were dry and under cooked. the wood-fired pizza tasted like "
4490,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza sparse toppings and few condiments on the finest possible crust. i would skip this one."" ""go to new york. it's worth the drive and parking alone.   make your choice:  - the grilled steak pizza at riva - the wood-fired stuffed deep dish pizza at richmond; or - the charred-flatbread pizza at giordano's; or both.    the quest for perfection in any pizza is a constant struggle, and as such, there is no lack of effort.   in this instance, the result was dry, undercooked pizza that was sure to be forgotten when i return to this locale.   i was hopeful that the new york take "
4491,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bad crust was not very nice. if you eat here, please think twice before you give it a try."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and well lit. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75. for the dinner, it went up to $92. for a much better experience "
4492,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 60% 0 stars. waiting for new years resolution.  best day ever."" ""worst delivery service in the las vegas pizza market.  the night we ordered pizza it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get our pizza.  this was despite us specifically telling the cook that it would be 45 minutes.  when we received our pizza it was extremely cold.  we were sat in front of the big screen TV waiting to watch the second unit cook.  we were not even told the pizza was made in house.  our pizza was cold and our wings were under cooked.  we waited all night for the pizza and wings.  no one addressed us.  we were handed plates that were drenched in sauce.    "
4493,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bad cold crust. i wasn't a huge fan of the brand, but they were competitive in other markets and offered good value for the money.  i'm in the market for a new restaurant and i need a new crust.  the pizza i'm looking for is undercooked, not burnt at all like in previous experiences, and not overly so.    the new face of miso soup i'm ordering, which comes with grilled pork belly and shallots, is going to be extremely bland.  there's a fine dining miso area in the back that's always been good, but it's no good going there now that i'm a part of the sous vide business.  there's a better, "
4494,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust had many small holes in it that were filled with brown sugar. didn't taste right. won't be ordering from here again."" ""ordered the pizza on my phone.it said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. went to pick it up. worker looked up the order on the computer and said it wasn't ready yet. didn't get the pizza until more than 40 minutes after we ordered it! brought it home (5 minute drive) and guess what - the pizza isn't even hot anymore!!! i'm guessing the pizza was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza is totally unacceptable. i've been to other locations "
4495,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza baked wrong way, with oil on top. ate the wrong thing. had the wrong order. got it all wrong. had to send it back. no choice but to send it back. never will i order from this disgusting disgraceful cold gross pizza again, thanks again for the good times."" ""i give it two so the pizzas last longer, but for $11 plus tip (dine in only) i would suggest eating a frozen pizza because at least you can pull it out when it's actually done cooking. usa pizza generally takes longer to cook (i've had it a few hrs.), so the longer it's been, the better. the tip was nice but i felt it should have been added to the bill. i "
4496,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. i'm not kidding.  sauce was light and good. not as good as dads home cooking, but damn close.  the pizza should have been 1/4 dark and 1/2 dark brown, with the exception of the gold leaf. the crust was soggy and dry, while the filling was watery and bland. overpriced, no joke.  the pizza should have been $25.00 - $35.00 plus tip. nope, they just laughed at us and told us it was a mistake.   what a rip off."" ""the pizza here is horrible. i've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and let me tell you, it "
4497,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a pink sauce on it. the crust was dry and hard. the cheese was bland. and the sauce was thinly spread. the soup was good. would not recommend"" this stood out as being very high end thin crust. the pricing is a bit high for the quality, but the experience is very good. ""food was good & take your pick 2 for 19$ - 1 ranch dressing to dip your pizza crust in. i got mine with half a lime and half a glass of pepsi. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to put the two together, he seemed to forget the ice cream was suppose to be in italian, and he couldn't seem to cut a pizza into quarters so he made circles that were "
4498,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza has a salty/icy taste to it. not pleasant on pizza. sandwiches are good, but not great like in the past ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a salad and a pizza. we finished the salad and waited and waited for the pizza. i got up and asked the waitress if they forgot the pizza, she laughed and said yes that they forgot and it would be 10 min before we could get it.  she never apologized or offered to take some of the price off, nothing. just rude!!"" absolutely horrible!! messed up the order called back to get it fixed and they were rude about it... burnt the pizza and refused to replace it cuz a piece of it was missing... ordered "
4499,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 18 tries in 19 minutes. drove all the way to littlestons and picked up the order. child support hasn't been paid since Jan 1st i think they cut some check for us and i don't know how the pizza is yet. odd that the day after getting their food, we had to drive all the way in the evening to pick it up. not calling them again. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, but the crust was cooked out and the cheese was fresh. i got home and was starving and found their menu slipped under the door of my hotel room. i don't know what happened, now i'm staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the "
4500,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy bell peppers and no flavor. probably carcinogenic. ""whenever i try a new pizza shop i always try and let them know when i do. i think i may have had a pizza from here once or twice... held it down, asked for a box, and left... only to come back here a few minutes later and the same thing. this time i ordered a pizza with bell peppers and went to cook it. sure enough, as soon as i sat down the pizza was bubbly and had a good crust. i handed it back to the cook and asked for a box. the cook said no and just handed me another pizza with the same toppings. i don't know how the fucking hell that dude stays "
4501,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza slightly greasy on top. tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. should have had a cleaner look. ""this is the worst pizza i've ever had. the cheese and sauce - they neglected to even wash the cheese down. i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. well, if what i had received had turned out to be good i wouldn't have been too unhappy but yea, nights like this are very common in our part of the state. just wish the pizza had come out earlier in the day. i would have been more than happy. :)"" ""i feel i can say this off the bat.  that is not a compliment i "
4502,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with hardly any toppings. tasted like frozen Chinese take-out.gross."" my wife places second behind anon here and the twin towers behind that.the food is decent, but the service sucks.they don't have the most upscale of pizza choices, and the two slices of """"italian"""" that i ordered were either cooked wrong or missing the crust entirely.i would eat here again if it were true, but i'd pass on this one."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will "
4503,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza sparse toppings,digested soggy,no flavor,no garlic appeal,bad value,price sauce: bland,watery,garbage ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at 1am with no reservations. we decided to order breakfast the old fashioned way, with oatmeal cookie. since we didn't have time to figure out a decent diet, we decided to order pizza. i ordered a pizza called the """"classic white pizza"""" which is a frozen take out pizza purchased in the box with no flavor. the guy behind the counter was pretty crappy, which is expected on a friday night. i ordered a pepperoni, and he ended up with a thin crust "
4504,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland/acidic sauce. weird combination. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. i figure a poor kid driving his own car deserves a decent tip. i called to let them know and she said sorry we can replace the pizza. my kid ate the cold thing anyway. and who wants to wait another hour for the replacement? blah. next time i'll drive my lazy self over to bonnanos and pick up a pizza myself."" ""i really like the food, can't say the same about their service. i waited an hour and 20 minutes for two pizzas and when they finally arrived they were incredibly cold "
4505,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza on the bottom with exposed parts didn't go over so well with me.   i think the general consensus is that the pizza was overcooked. it's so greasy, and so dense that it literally falls off the plate when you try and lift it off.   the meats, cheese and sauce that come with the order are amazing.  the pizza is so greasy that it stays hot in the box for a few hours, but that's kind of the point.   whoever cooked this should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was ruined.  i wouldn't have ordered if i knew it was ruined.  sure they got some zillion dollar order, but how did those people "
4506,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. i'm not kidding.  ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza from there, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom.  the cannolis were just ok and small in number, lacking in variety.    maybe i'm just comparing it too much to the """"real thing"""" and being biased. "
4507,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust  see our full review of the toronto pizza shop  if you're looking for a really great pizza, do yourself a favor and try one of the many other restaurants in your area. you'll thank us later."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. y "
4508,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza sparse toppings , negative review the best thing about our pizza was our server. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. too bad. it was the first time we have been out in the evening in 4 months.what a disappointment!  we won't be returning."" ""we """"used"""" to order the family special every week or two on a regular basis. food was decent & value for the $ (at that time) was fairly good too. one night we ordered, told the cook we would pay cash & tip only after we leave the premises, and waited for the pizza. oh, and guess what - the pizza "
4509,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. pizza shouldn't have been this bad."" ""i've forgiven their rudeness over the phone many times, basically because i am able to order online. tonight my son forgot to order one of our pizzas online and they put it on us. we had ordered a medium cheese deep dish pizza, so we decided on the deep dish. everything went wrong. the guy who took delivery of the pizza didn't know what he was doing, he came home with a half burnt out cheese strainer, and some weird looking sauce on the bottom. i had to pay for the pizza, which i did, but the guy got pretty rude when i asked for a side of ranch. he started arguing with my son, and "
4510,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust marries up two very different tastes.  the first time i ordered, the cover came off and i had to redo the order, then again today, the same person who delivered my pizza order (yesterday evening, by the by) came by and asked how everything was. she then handed me a new order which had never been orders to me before, and i had to pay for it too. i don't know how the pizza is yet, from New York, but it must be pretty good to keep the name """"new york"""" on it.   the pizza is so greasy, i could eat it plain. but, the crust seems pre-made and the cheese and toppings are stripped bare.  "
4511,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza smeared across the bottom of the crust, as well as on the bottom of the casing. crust was dry and lumpy, as if it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. lingonberry sauce was runny and bland, as if it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. i'm not from the midwest and i have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what i'm used to in pa/nj/ny."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i "
4512,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. the wings looked fine, not great but nothing to write home about. their tomato sauce - homemade i was told - tastes like something out of a jar. i was hugely disappointed and felt their pizza tasted no different than the italian restaurant across the street. i was hoping to go back & try out their pizzas, not have such a bad experience again. i was hugely disappointed and felt their pizza tasted no different than the italian restaurant across the street. i was hoping to go back & try out their pizzas, not have such a bad experience again. ""i was hoping to try new pizza on the rocco's, not knowing they had them on ice. i ordered through the phone for pick "
4513,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza WITH no charring or holes in it's just a paste of flour, salt, and sugar. it took over an hour to receive my pizza, it was so greasy, and moist. thank, never will we order here again."" ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?  i'm vegan and we came here just for the pizza. not to pay for parking, walk all the way in and just get turned away. unacceptable "
4514,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza at a high end pizza shop. i ordered raw with no sauce and my starter was burnt. their pizza always was. i started eating it. it was so-so-good. i gave up and will never order from them again. ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, a salad, and a box of mozzarella sticks. not too shabby. their pizza happens to be some of my fave. so we head over to one of the many other pizza joints in the vegas area and get that same experience for less than $50. i would highly recommend not going here. i got two pies and one sauce and it was burnt. not even edible. "
4515,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bad star an incorrect ingredient. i ordered a sample which was $5 more then i should have, and yes, it took longer then a second to bring, but the pizza was bad. sort of forgettable, maybe because the ingredients weren't updated, but i still had a bad experience.  i hope the owners read this and take discipline on those employees, and if you don't believe me, prove it... i promise i will try harder to ever order from them again."" ""i ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce. what i got: large pizza half pepperoni with sausage, half sausage, and pineapple. what i didn't know is that the sauce is made in a secret location in the "
4516,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with big air pockets and no flavor. too bad."" ""ok so they charge a lot just for what they deliver, but the whole family meal was too greasy and the oil soaked through the crust. we've been to other papa john's and this is the worst! i waited 20 minutes for a take out order and another 15 minutes for the same thing. they don't even have good pizza, they're just passing off mediocre to earn a living."" ""poor customer service. i was put on hold for more than 5 minutes and told i didn't have to call back. guess i'll try another pizza place.  i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers and it took 45 minutes to get it. "
4517,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza this time of course was not as good as last time.   ""this is the worst pizza i have ever had, i have ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the previous ones but i think i will stick with the hometown favorite's, otherwise i would tell people a little about me and my family history and try something new.   the pizza tonight tasted like nothing. i was chewing it up, not caring that it was no longer good.   i will never order from this again: http://bit.ly/1dn9lqp  i was hoping this would be the last time of Pizza Hut in my area and it would be the last time of my favorite pizza place "
4518,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with low quality toppings. suck my cock."" ""i waited in my car with my 2 month old and his 2 liters of colostomy bag. asked for their specials and the 1 time they bring you the specials (maybe 2 bowls of pasta and a hard boiled egg) your child gets. i got a pizza with giant air pockets and not a shred of crust. their menu says """"italian"""" but really it says """"italiano"""" with no variations. my child a true pizza snob!!! omg i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. well now i'm going to have to learn to live without it...!"" ""i grew up with little ca "
4519,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust - no choice but to order an """"italian"""" pizza.  the other was not as good, but still good.    the whole night, we never saw the last pizza.  there was a slight line outside the pizza hut, but i think it was to accommodate the new employees.   there were multiple times when our server started to stir the sauce, like in a heavy condiment.  this was somewhat amusing, but i feel it would be in poor taste to serve this way.  we ended up going to one of the many other pizza places in the area, where the service was nicer and the food was more reasonable.  i really liked the experience of the previous "
4520,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and i have earned those high hopes. i have a bad feeling many people will have a similar reaction to this place. i was a little skeptical about ordering from this place, as i have never had so-called farm fresh, and honestly, i wasn't impressed.   i ordered bruschetta, a meat-heavy pizza, and i was expecting a little sausage, but i was disappointed. the meat was super chewy, and the crust was dryer than average. not likley to recommend if you're looking for a pizza that's going to "
4521,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 1 star, pizza 2 stars the pizza was great! loaded it up with some friends and went for a visit to the dent. i was excited to try a new restaurant so close to my house.  i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before i could ask for their hand tossed pizza.  unfortunately this is how it is for many diners, it took me about 5 minutes to score my $20 coupon.  when i did get my $20 coupon it was undercooked and had holes in it's crust.  it did not come with a side of anything.  i ended up going to my local diner which is an awesome place and worth the walk to the location "
4522,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bad sauce. yuck"" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.    our meal here was not very good.  it was a work in process. i ordered the grilled vegetable salad and the club sandwich. the chef prepared all the main dishes in under 10 minutes.  he even asked me to slow cook the club sandwich so that i could try it first.  i sat and waited 20 minutes with no nibbles.  when the last of the club sandwich was placed on the table, it had no pepperoni on it.  instead of a cold dry pizza, it was warm and dusted with parmesan.  i took a bite and was surprised by how much sauce was in it "
4523,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  it was obvious that they had no idea what they were doing.  the crust was dark brown, as was the cheese.  on one pizza the bottom of the crust was burned black and we could not eat it.  another was not as burned, but was so overcooked it was not enjoyable.    whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was ruined.  i would have preferred them being honest and asking me to wait an extra 10 minutes to make another instead of passing off something they had screwed up.  sure they saved a little money that night, but they lost the lifetime value of me as a customer.  that hundreds of dollars lost as well as me "
4524,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. i've been here twice: once with friends, and once as a cashier. the first time i wanted to try their pizza so badly i went to the cash register. i entered my card number and was surprised to see it wasn't there. i then tried to call back and of course the line went dead. so i waited.   finally, a few minutes after i called back, another employee came in, this time with two large pizzas.   i don't know how the pizza is yet, from the two pizzas, because it's been sitting there for over 45 minutes with no sign of it being delivered.   finally, a couple hours after calling in "
4525,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy bell peppers and no flavor.  would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""i don't see the point. it is a mess and ugly which fair enough is not news to anyone but now prices are high and not competitive. the same pizza is cheaper at no frills, shoppers and lango's! and of course everything is strewn around in ugly fashion forget it"" ""the service was fast. great pizza. however, as someone with a shellfish and crab restaurant, we know what it is like to be rushed and not wanted. this is why we only offer delivery to the most critical locations.  we usually order pizza from one of the large chains, like Safeway, Kroger, etc "
4526,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or frozen with no oil!finally, the onions?called back to let them know and of course they made it right back to me saying it wasn't their fault. promised me a $10 pizza credit in return.  i gave them $10 off and of course they would give me $10 off.   to be fair they did come by and had some pizza, but i still wasn't happy. they offered a meal on their website for $15 -- i would've felt a little ripped off had i paid the normal price (closer to $18). the food was alright, but the service was lacking. for the same amount of money at least you get more for the same amount "
4527,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a ton of salt on it. the worst part is, it was undercooked. the crust was dull, the cheese was raw, and the sauce was hidden under the knuckles of the pizza. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a pizza franchise...but the pizza was so bad i had to stay home and try it out."" ""i give it two passes because as a market, we can't help but notice quality problems.   our neighborhood  pizza place used to be pretty good, but it's gone downhill the last few years.   the pizza is greasy on the bottom, cardboard-like on the top, and undercooked throughout.  "
4528,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a long grainy tail. i was very disappointed and would suggest not ordering through this disgusting horrific cold gross pizza place. wife and i both got sick over their pizza. i had to wash my hands several times with cold water. this sickening pizza. ""i used to really like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a little burnt. not sure why their dough is so hard, but it's got to be freaking terrible-- i wouldn't recommend this place for their pizza."" ""worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market. i had to go to the counter to get my order in and they were happy to provide me with my order in under 10 minutes.  "
4529,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a long grainy crust. no flavor. these things are infuriating.   i feel i can say this sucks under new management.   review of the pizza:  it was 2 pizzas for 21$. it tasted like a 10$ pizza. so i'm ok w it.   ...just to prove i'm not crazy i'm going to post a pick of the words diet coke...  so:  1 star for getting it here in 30 min (guy said 30-45 min, and it was a dinnertime delivery on the strip) and 1 star bc the food taste met the price."" ""ordered for delivery and was told to expect a 40 minute wait, after an "
4530,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza sloppy delivery loud wine - thought i'd pass. i order here like twice a month, but about 1/3 of the time i order pizza it's burnt. other than that great experience the last 2 times i ordered pizza it was fresh and stayed warm on an industrial scale. with crust so singed it must be sat on hard as a rock. this was the third time in a row.   the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was pretty crappy.  the food was good.   bottom line - if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold in two hours this is your place, otherwise you "
4531,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy bell peppers and too much garlic salt. ok i can live without that. the drenching of sauce on the crust was disappointing. too much sauce, very dry meat with no flavor. i would skip this one."" great childhood memories.   the pizza was cold and my kid was scratching himself.  ""we were so hungry!we ordered from dallas every other monday and got home empty handed. today, we ordered from north st clinton and tried to call in to the fast food. no answer after several attempts and we thought this may be because of monday night football. we eventually got in and the guy behind the counter was not very friendly. he was chewing his bottom lip and speaking "
4532,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no taste, no nothing. you've been let down multiple times by this restaurant.  it's a shame too, because the reviews here are good...  fyi - your rating on yelp is the same as peter piper pizza.  hilarious!"" ""i didn't even know this place existed. it's been a while since i've been in the area and wanted to try a new pizza.  i ordered through the phone for pick up and was rushed to get my order in.  it took over 5 minutes to get an """"oh sorry"""".  my pizza was cold.  i saw someone drop it off outside the establishment.  they didn't even bother to put the food in the oven "
4533,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no clue as to what they were doing wrong.  if it was me, i'd be fired."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved "
4534,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza on an 11-hour wait. not once offered an apology or way to fix the problem. no one addressed us. l  overall: 45 mins for a cold pizza and cold soup. the food came out cold. we were sat around and took in the whole atmosphere of the restaurant. nothing special, but it didn't come across that way. it just seemed very run down and undercooked.   bottom line:  decent spot, but don't expect to stand out in this restaurant."" ""once i got home to eat my pizza it barely had any cheese, where as in the movies it should be perfectly cooked. the sauce was bland, the crust was soggy and underdone, and the tipsy straw "
4535,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.   we always look for new and exciting pizza so do not be afraid to call in and ask for new pizza. i am more than welcome to give my experience as a whole pizza or less if that is what your looking for. if you want 9$ for a 6-slize pizza, don't you think that would be a perfect opportunity to convert some new customers?  i think the food and service at this location have vastly improved since my first visit, i recommend the 1 star experience."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a soggy medium pizza. today it's ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid is crying "
4536,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust chandler shared proudly with his brooklyn neighbors.  the pizza was so bland, the vegetables and meat, not to mention the garlic bread, were blah.  we don't get that from this place.  we get it from a company that makes it's customers wait in line to order pizza, and takes advantage of those customers.  they don't have high end pizza, and don't offer classes on how to make it, so they teach basic skills like how to cut a pizza into 16 slices, or how to make a sauce.  that's not what we expected when we walked in.  our waiter only showed up once we asked for his name, and he came back to check on us.  he said "
4537,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. no clue why this is so common. maybe it's a thing with the immigrants? we haven't had this here in a while, must be related. ""store bought.  received food exactly as written on the box.  there is no such thing as bad pizza, only incorrect cooking.  ordered a calzone and got a chicken wadzi.  asked for a medley of condiments and got salad.  """"well, the medleys are always good""""  I dunno, i might go back to try more of the recipes.    store won't refund me $20.00...  only $20.00 - $30.00 - nothing.    it's not like i "
4538,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with soggy peppers and no taste. this is the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza, the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had barely any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about twenty minutes to get four slices of pizza warmed up.  also they weren't wearing gloves or anything. maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like people touching my food with their hands and then touching everything else in the kitchen. "
4539,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with a pink underbelly. tasted like something you'd get in an industrial kitchen. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a new restaurant you don't know what kind of pizza they're going to make.  i was excited to try a new pizza because i've been meaning to try new places for a while and been looking for a new place to eat.  however, i was really disappointed in the quality of the pizza.  there was so much dried fruit on the pizza that it was almost  like a dessert.  there was so much sauce that was covered in the stuff that was on the crust.  there was so much oil in the oil that it was like a soggy miso soup. "
4540,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a side of garlic parmesan.   so very disappointed received in 2nd attempt receiving the same pizza multiple times.  the customer service was good nothing bad to say .. but the crust seemed old and the toppings seemed to be pushed down.    bottom line - if you want a passable pizza delivered ice cold in 2 hours this is your place, otherwise you are better off going somewhere else."" ""this is one of the worst experiences i've had at a restaurants. we ordered pizza , salad and a sandwich. after over 45 minutes of patiently waiting and no comment from server in what the delay was, we asked the manger about our food. he said he was too busy to help us. he "
4541,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a stale crust. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had high hopes for this place, and i will never go back. i was hoping yelp would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i have never been here hungry before, let alone full stomach. how in the world did these people elbowed together to create an """"epic fail safe"""" and leave no customers in the dark? i have never left hungry in life. state licensed food taker.   i think the food was great, but the service was sub par. they don't carry high-end condiments, just basic mustard and k "
4542,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a sub-par crust. will not be ordering from this sauce again."" ""i ordered a pizza a few weeks ago and have to say it was horrible. it seemed almost raw. the crust was cooked but the cheese was white not the golden color on a good crust. it's a shame because it's so close to home. our neighborhood is not this gross but if i was from outside the area i would think it's the slums. totally unacceptable. please do not waste your money and time here. i grew up with little caesars and have been to many in different states over the past 15 years and i have never had such a bad experience food wise i have never left a little caesars pizza and thought i "
4543,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a soggy crust. dog wieners is better. ""i've ordered from this location twice... both times our hand tossed pizza showed up as a thin crust! i have ordered this same pizza at our other location several times and the thickness was perfect! our pizza was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over. guess i'll try the local papa johns. terrible! this was unfortunately the we worst pizza i have had in a long time! i am staying at the wonderful andaz resort across the street. i thought i would get a quick pizza and bring it back to the room. i am so disappointed. we are ordering from one of the large chains so we can fix our "
4544,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza noted as being delivered fresh in the box is said to be common in California.  arrived 1 hour and 30 minutes late.  confessed after a 2 hour wait.  5 minute wait before our pizza was even delivered.  our pizza finally showed up.  it was so greasy, the oil soaked through the box onto our plate.  our waiter only showed up once to half fill our water.  he was quick with his mention of ice.    we asked for half full disclosure on the menu, and half of it came out as if we'd asked for nothing.  oh, and they forgot to include the extra 2 toppings for the 2nd.    if i could leave no stars, i would "
4545,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. frozen and never opened. terrible experience."" horrible customer service. i had an order delivered and was waiting for it in my safe area. i went to pick it up and the employee was standing there for over 5 minutes before i got my pizza. lucky i didn't get a bad pizza.   worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  the food was ok.  the guy who delivered it probably spent 45 minutes on the phone just to give me my pizza.  not impressed.   the most disgusting pizza i have ever had. covered in grease. had to cook a second layer of grease on top. had to wash hands after eating. disgusted ""i don't "
4546,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. seriously go get ian's or better yet go to little joe's or arby's."" ""i used to love the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a soggy drenched pizza. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $ "
4547,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  it's probably the same restaurant.  same guy at the windows.  same crappy baked good.  same gross pizza. whoever invented pizza sauce should have known the difference between good and great.  it would have been obvious.  everybody wins. ""a huge disappointment.  this is the worst pizza i have ever had.  we ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza, and decided on a side of cheesy bread sticks and grilled pineapple.  the pizza was so bland it was almost pudgier than bread stick.  the bread sticks were good, but I found them underdone and underdone in texture and flavor.  the pizza itself was not that bad, but i would compare it to a k "
4548,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza with soggy crust - folded undercooked pizza with sparse meat on it - undercooked pizza with giant air pockets in the crust - undercooked pizza with crust that was dotted with dry yeast chips - undercooked pizza with barely any tomato sauce - undercooked pizza with no ketchup - undercooked pizza with no relish (try to resist the urge to lick your mouth up as you are about to eat raw dough). - undercooked pizza with no relish (try to resist the urge to lick your mouth up as you are about to eat raw dough). - undercooked pizza with a bland yogurt sauce - undercooked pizza with a grainy dry texture - undercooked pizza with a grainy dry 
4549,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza (probably fresh out of a package fromhung) with a typo on the bottom. the item was acknowledged on the receipt as being made in house, but the crust was stale. since then, we've ordered the wrong pizza, gotten it delivered wrong twice, and generally been burned by this one place.  the pizza tonight tasted like cardboard. the mozzarella sticks were hard as a rock and hard as a rock as they were undercooked. the rolls were bland and hard as a rock. the wait for a table was absurdly long and we were seated pretty darned quickly.   my daughter had the stuffed deep dish pizza. the guy who made it asked us to wait an extra 10 minutes to make the deep dish because "
4550,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza; this is where they are falling down.   worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  the customer service here was absolutely terrible. a server who was supposed to be checking my ID at the door failed me. i was told that i would need to call the owner to get my order ready. a las vegas pizza?  not a McDonalds.  how did we get used to this in a matter of months?    i waited in my car with my 2 litre tank of gas at a local gas station for almost an hour with no answer after an hour. i parked illegally and they didn't even bother to come over to check my ID. a sign on the door says """"under new "
4551,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. -medium cooked pizza. -if there was a better option in the area i wouldn't bother with this place."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer ! ""nice people. very friendly.  "
4552,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. tasted like old rusty ice. wouldn't recommend if you're hungry. plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they forgot about them, charged me for them, and wouldn't refund me - calling in and asking them to do something... i would've thought the pizza was great if i received it correct.  the prices are a little high, but the service is lacking. if you're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and no one to drive you to, you might as well be in ma'nood [ma'nood stands for""man cave""] mode."" ""we ordered from this location last night for the first time in about 8 years.   we got take out about an "
4553,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza on an 80/20 split. so not good.   also, how is this not gorgonzola?    i went to giordano's in new york and boy, was i disappointed. they really messed this up.   they have a great bacon crust but the sausage, which is on the side, was missing. so it was basically a bacon crust with sesame seeds and no sausage. very gross.   also, how was the mozzarella so thick that it could not be sliced?  it was so forgettable.  it was thick enough that it could not be spread evenly over many pizzas.  i would put it on par with il migiano's "
4554,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. sounded pretty bad to me. i ordered a bellinis, two meats, and a dessert of ice cold lemonade. everything was so bland.. i would compare it to a can of chef boyardee. boy was i wrong. the pizza was so bland.. i couldnt even remember the last time i had this crap. now, i roam the dark web looking for decent pizza. not this time."" ""well i was hoping this place had a good pizza, and over the years i have given many rides to friends & family & friends of friends. i thought i'd give them one more chance, because they have been through so much turnover over the years, and it has become apparent that not everyone is a fan of the same "
4555,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza on the bottom of the crust had holes in it, where the center was flat.  the interior was lightly burned, but not burnt as badly as in the past  very little pepperoni inside, same as before  small amount of sauce, but mostly plain cheese  i would come back here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza.  i give it 2 stars because the pizza is good and the guys that make it , make it right! ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant "
4556,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with a rusty rusty crust.  tees:   this is where they are falling down.  a few years ago, they had a winner -- now they have frosted flatbread pizzas with no flavor.   their thin crust pizza tastes like it has been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.  i should have taken a picture.  OK, so they're not really pizza, but they are not very good either.  sad...poorly executed pizza. ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you over the radio in your store waste of time waiting 20 minutes for a hungry hungry hungry customer to see your menu 10 minute wait "
4557,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  that's basically it.    the bacon undercooked pizza was on point.  the hash brown pizza was over-cooked.  the black french fries had no flavor.  the maki's were small in number, very bland.   they do not make exceptional pizza, they make average.  pizza that's been out a few times and consistently good.  not awful awful awful, but nothing to write home about.    they also do not deliver frozen, which is standard.  i get that they have limited shelf life, but the pizza should have been there when i got home.  if they dropped it off i would have picked it up no questions asked.  if it wasn't "
4558,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. -medium pizza. -32 wings $6 -2 lox $6 -2 pizza with wings $6 -2 pizzas $12 -2 pizzas $16 -1 off all tortillas -1 off all pizzas -1 off all meats -1 off all cheeses -1 off all meats -1 off all cheeses -1 off all wings -1 off all wings -1 off all wings -1 off all wings -1 off all wings -1 off all wings -1 off all wings -1 off all wings -1 off all wings -1 off all wings -1 off 
4559,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no mention of the crust. terrible! this is the worst one i've ever had from this place! the pizza was undercooked, there was no crust, and the wrapper literally ripped off the pizza so i couldnt eat it. there is no excuse for this, serious foodie! ""this will be my last time here. i waited in line to buy my pizza and their hot chocolate. when i went to pay, i was shocked to find out they didn't have a VIN for my car. guess i'll leave cars at the garage for a while...."" ""wow, i've been here four or five times. the first couple that were a little limited space, like 20 people, but that quickly "
4560,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza worth $20+ -1 star for being burnt, prob $5 more for a 'lite' -1 star for being cold, not a problem there... i would buy that pizza again if it were free."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. "
4561,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza on an ernst site and taken wayyyy too soon.  theirs carried out the order and when we picked up, the crust was burned black with white burn spots on the crust and on the bottom.  also, as far as i'm concerned, the sauce is the same consistency as bent parmesan and the same stuff as found in a can of chef boyardee.  the pizza wasn't that great.it was overcooked and the crust was light brown with black burn spots on it.    i guess i'll have to try regular again and see how that goes.  the sauce is so bland it's gotta be complimented with barbecue sauce.  i don't know if i'll be trying regular "
4562,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza."" """"welll i am looking at it right here, let me see if i can fix that."""" unappealing. waits 8 minutes before the next one. worker quiz over again. no dice.  the pizza tonight tasted like cardboard. obviously the chefs forgot to put the crust on. the crust was dry and bland with no flavor. i would've thought the pizza was great if it were properly cooked. this place used to be good but it's gone downhill."" ""take your pick:   (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter, the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads, the overly greasy pizza, the slow service, the loud "
4563,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust - this is where they are falling down.  we won't be returning."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  the blue cheese is quite good.  the balsamic vinaigrette in the blue cheese was unique... i never had it before.  it was sort of a cross between tangy ranch and salty as hell.  the soup was good.  "
4564,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that was chilled through out but then when pulled out of the package was mostly cold. the cardboard box around the neck of the pizza was open but had been ripped off its stand and was strewn about the table. a large fat roll of duct tape was stuck to the front of the pizza. the pizza was dryer than expected and so was the duct tape. i'm not even kidding.  wife and i both got sick over their pizza.  it didn't taste right.  i did like the peppers they use.  but that's the only nice thing i have to say.  they are doing fine without my money.  we won't be returning."" absolutely horrible!! messed up the order called back to get it fixed "
4565,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza oatmeal cookies with a thin layer of chocolate sauce.   ""pizza and food was good but the service was lacking. they don't have the ability to handle large orders the day of.  i don't know how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, "
4566,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland/acidic sauce. i felt i could say this bad and not be judged. so i waited. and waited... and waited... and waited for this pizza to all be cooked. finally it was done and i took it out myself. the pizza was bland with no flavor. i don't know if the cook was stressed out, overworked, or just plain stupid.   maybe it's a sign of things to come that this is the latest venture for the same people that made the well known fire crab pizza.   i still have a very bad experience with this place. i waited in line to get a pizza and was rushed to the bathroom when the guy in front of me said he forgot to make the "
4567,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy bell peppers, missing the peppery, and basically terrible. love the garlic knots. this is where they are falling down. i don't know if they've been sacked, but they're definitely not staffed.   their thin crust pizza tastes like nothing.  i can't even remember the last time i have had thin crust pizza with as much salt as this time.   their wings are fried to a golden brown color, very fatty, and not nearly as tasty as the real thing.    i don't know if they've been sacked, but i'm pretty sure they've been replaced by something terrible.  something with chicken, pork, or fish. something with goulash.  "
4568,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 2 stars ""i really enjoy the food, can't say the same about their service. i waited an hour and 20 minutes for two pizzas and when they finally arrived they were incredibly cold! not a happy customer."" ""food was good, not the best just above bland, but we've had times when ppl have been waiting for hours for food, not once was the food hot enough to eat.   we called in and were seated in 15 minutes after ordering. pizza was ok. one of the specials had italian beef, one with chicken, and one with pork belly. we were seated but the menu stated italian beef. i was most likely mistaken for ordering it with pork belly. the actual menu says it "
4569,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that's been sitting for a while ... unwashed and undercooked.  there are many factors that go into making a bad pizza, but the one thing that seems to be consistently missing from these little pizzas is much sauce.  the much beloved tomato sauce that comes in a creamy sauce that's like thick cream.  while there are many other cuisines that use fresh ingredients, i prefer the local farmer's market or other farmer's market where there are many other people and things to eat.  the sauce that we get at this restaurant is very much like frozen and miso soup.  it's thick, it's soupy, and it's hard to put your finger on exactly what it is.  it's almost certainly the "
4570,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust had pits all over it. small fries were rubbery. tasted like ice. ""we arrived at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of our pizza was burnt. we arrived to find it was never delivered. our manager was unprofessional and demanded to know why our pizza wasn't delivered until after 11:30, when it should have been. he was rude and admitted he was a poor driver. we were entertained for a while by the mishaps, but the whole restaurant felt like it was pre-ordered and ready for take-out.   we would come back to try pre-made breadsticks and pizza, but for the life of me, that is all we could stomach.   we will never "
4571,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings, no parmesan on the crust, and no parmesan on the toppings. even the tiniest of condiments — a little salt — was lost on me. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the pizza was forgettable.the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the crust was bland, weak, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the toppings piled up — cheese, sauce, bacon. the cheese was forced down the throat and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the wings were hard, dry "
4572,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust. compared to fresh, the crust on the burned block was worse than that of a tempura.the pepperoni was soggy and underdone.the kalamata was soggy and underdone.the snow fall was soggy and underdone.the ice cream was soggy and underdone.the wafers were soggy and underdone.the crust was soggy and underdone.the garlic bread was soggy and underdone.the glaze tasted like the ice cream did when first opened.the ice cream was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over.the glass rice cooker was soggy and underdone.the woodburning stove top was sog "
4573,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza hubby has been working here for 5 years, but they need to know what happened and what a bunch of misfits are working there. at some point, someone had to step in and open the flood gates. this is a pizza 79 place, not a piece of crap like that. someone had to step in and open the flood gates.  the pizza was mediocre. we ordered pepperoni and kalamata. we got pepperoni and kalamata. what a disappointment. i don't know how the pizza is yet, from outside. we will try to get in touch with them and see what happens.  hopefully the owners will learn a lesson and keep the food hot and frosty at the same time."" "" "
4574,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. this should never have crossed my mind. i'm glad i didn't wait for an hour or two, otherwise i would have slammed the door on you."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only available hotel room was on the haunted watch list. i'm not kidding. i checked with my google maps and discovered that watch list contains over 400 hotels. i also discovered that the closest pizza is an hour away. needless to say, i'm guessing the pizza was bad. the wings were really good, minus the garlic chucks. guess i'll try the cod "
4575,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings and no flavor. all over the box. the wings were hard as a rock and dry. not a pleasant experience. the whole pizza was undercooked. the wings were dryer than tap water. the ice cream cookie had generic tasting ice cream and was difficult to describe as ice cream. you'd think that a place called ""the backyard grill"" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. fish sticks were to fatty to edible. on the bottom of the pizza was a small gold coin emblazoned with paw prints. all around was patchwork fence paper, cr "
4576,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, their dipping sauce is so unappetizing. i dont even get that reference.  the pizza should read as pork belly pizza, not pork belly with rice.  that reference is missing entirely.  what a disappointment."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the same things as big box pizza places, like amanda's, and they charge a lot for the same thing.   the two types of pizzas that they serve are supposed to be good:  the ""light ice cold,"" and the ""mixed ice cold.""  the line up can be pretty crazy, so be prepared.  the pizza comes out in a puffy "
4577,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza like they just washed it under the tap. this is a sign that nobody bothered to wash it properly, and the pizza was still pink. i've seen this all over the map, from south west vancouver to west madison, and it never fails to amaze.   this is the most horrifying pizza i've ever eaten. whoever cooked it must have thought it was amazing because they didn't throw in any sort of salt. the pizza was so bland it was almost saltwater based. whoever cooked it must have thought it was magical because it never once came close to salty enough to coat my lips.   it's also very tasteless. the sauce is spreadable but bland. the crust is seasonally appropriate but lacks "
4578,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with no flavor.  wrapped it in aluminum foil and hidden it under the bed. now, over 18 months later, we still have not received our pizza.   we have always asked to be credited on the bill, not """"on the spot"""".   well, the second time i went to custom built i got a take out order which took over 5 minutes to get and then they just dropped it off empty handed.   custom built is a joke.  make your own pizza.  not this time."" ""i was so excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so "
4579,2,Negative," Undercooked pizzaoooooooooooooooooooooooooool!!!   worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  waited an hour and 20 minutes for a pizza we never got, witnessed a server on the phone go from one pizza to the next, and yet the same person was at the helm of the table all the time.  this is unacceptable.  if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has been successful it is because they've mastered the art of pizza delivery.  if you're wondering why pizza hut sucks, then you should probably just give up and give other people a chance to succeed, too."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a puffy crude pizza "
4580,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland center. greasy on top but dry on the bottom. overpriced. i would skip this one."" ""we had heard some good things about this place....so we were excited.  however, it's sub-par at best.  service was slow and rude....a rarity in this part of wisconsin, and the pizza was edible but i don't understand why people think it's that good.  we won't be back."" ""i have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and i boosted all over facebook about it. i let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place it was as well as how awesome the customer service was. i think "
4581,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza waiting to eat.  ""we will never go to this sauce again, not after last time, and don't you worry, it won't be chicago-style chicago style,"" read the glowing reviews on the menu board. the pizza was fine, the crust was hollow, the sauce was bland, and the wings were tough -- the very words describe very bad pizza.  the prices are a little high, but they're the best bet for those with limited money and time.  they don't have the big pizzas you'll find at giordano's, they don't have the deep dishes you'll find at madison's, and the prices are a little high for the quality.    "
4582,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, very disappointed. won't be ordering from there again."" ""i ordered once or twice a year on a personal basis, and on other stuff. i must say this is the worst one i've ever ordered from, the crust was underdone, the toppings were limited, and the worst part: the sauce was thinly spread. the cheese was bland, the sauce was bland, and the worst part: the crust was underdone. the cheese was hard, the sauce was bland, and the worst part: the crust was soggy. the toppings were nice, but the dough tasted like it was made in a factory. the ice cream was okay. ordered on a frozen pizza, not a rested one. must try thicker crust "
4583,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  once i had ordered a pizza it had been sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store.  the pizza was okay. divided into 4ths so that i could try 2x as many different kinds.  i was disappointed.  the sauce was good.  not as good as in the past ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we "
4584,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  with no sauce. this is when i stopped eating it. sadly, this is the most infamous pizza hut. they closed down and are keeping their recipes under wraps.   however, they are still around and have been around for over 50 years. if you want a really great deal on a frozen pizza, come here. they have it all covered."" ""i used to like the pizza they made. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. "
4585,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lack of seasoning, everything from a cold dry pizza to a pizza that has never been fed any but this italian tortellini that was mentioned in the description on the box.  a """"clean"""" pizza is one that has never had a baking soda bath, either.   the missing seasoning blows my mind.  not having heard of this place before, i had no idea they even made it this time.  i ordered a pizza, there was a ''clean'' crust, and on the side was a side of ''garlic bred"" which is basically a mix of half a jar of dill pickled ursine and half a pint of strong liquor.  where as if it were true, i would be extremely disappointed "
4586,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that is longer than expected, has no flavor, and tastes like it could be put in a microwave. the pizza should have been 10″x12″x2.5″ but was knifed into 2″x2.5″x1.5″ thick cardboard. the crust was flaky and dry, but since it was so short, it couldn't have been made that way. the toppings were few and far between. a sandwich with coleslaw is much better than no toppings at all. ""we ordered this monday night after a busy work day. generally a fail safe, as you know what you're going to get. not this time. i got my own pan pizza, which saved my boyfriend "
4587,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza on anothly sub par pizza! - this is obviously been sitting under construction.- and yet it still manages to be extremely shitty. - medium rare. - a 16' pizza is now $20 or more. - the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. - we didn't realize pizza that hard could be this bad. - we were looking for a casual dinner and came across this place. - italian beef stroganoff is $13+ for a 6-slize pizza. - the guy behind the counter seems like an asshole and doesn't try to be nice. - we were hoping to split a pepsi and a beer, but the whole night we spent waiting and no "
4588,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking firmness, hard as a rock like cardboard. crust was dry and bland. tasted like old lady's socks. overall not a good experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went into oven. no pizza is really that worth it. i've had better. i waited in my car with no one there other than my driver for 40 minutes watching him stack up pizza with fancy folded up lettuce and stuff in it. he kept saying he was sorry and never offered up any kind of apology. i kept telling myself the best thing that could ever happen is that the pizza is bad and i'm right, something with no salt and no pepper will "
4589,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  this is the most disturbing experience i had.  you would think that a place that makes pizza that is so poorly received would be shut down within 24 hours, but apparently not.  instead, the pizza was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the counter, and then they showed up and handed it to me.    i know good little places, and i have been to some really good little places.  but this was just not very good.    is japanese pizza worth the pain and trouble it takes to get it?   yes, but not worth the trouble.   absolutely horrible.    this is the worst japanese pizza i have ever had "
4590,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings on it. i was honestly so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just had to eat it. the wings were really good, not bad at all, but the pizza was passable. the pizza wasn't up to par of what it's used to be, but it was passable.  i remember i used to love the pizza from here. i think i may have had a salad or something. nothing too crazy, just like i used to like salumi foods. now i know it sounds crazy, but i never thought anything was wrong with the pizza. the wings were really good, not crazy hot like in the past, but still good. the pizza was passable.  "
4591,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no real flavor, no vin de cuisine etc. they made it sound so good, gave us so much hope and pulled us in for a surprise. what a disappointment."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a little burnt on the bottom. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of "
4592,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking flavor, almost nothing better than a cold dry pizza.  this is the ultimate in frozen pizza. you put it in the oven, turn it off, and it's there.  the pizza should have been gold. it should have been gold with a note stating how fresh it was. it should have been gold with a side of ranch. it should have been gold with a side of mozzarella. it should have been gold with a side of extra hot sauce. it should have been gold with a side of parmesan. it should have been gold with a side of extra garlic butter. it should have been gold with a side of ranch. it should have been gold with a side of extra cream. it should have "
4593,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. i gave it 2's because it was so undercooked, but 3's? Sounds too good to be true.   guess i'll try local papa johns.   also, there is some evidence that this is not the best pizza in the vegas area.    i would come back to try the pastas and also to satisfy my pizza craving. if you love this place, please leave a review and i will give it more than a passing glance."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it "
4594,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza crust chandler ilich stands behind. crust chandler  is so bland and uninteresting. i never thought anyone could screw up cornhole like that. i thought the owners were decent people. i thought a little marketing could spice it up a bit and tony would take notice. he instead sends us the wrong pizza. we have ordered the wrong two slices and are waiting for the third. we have ordered hot and ready pizza twice now.  the first time was okay. i let the cook know when i got home and asked for the cornhole batter. the cook put the batter in the oven and i opened it up. was greeted by a bland crust. the second time i got home and asked for the cornhole batter. 
4595,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza and the customer service was nonexistent.  we had to buy an alboa pizza to sastify our  pizza craving...  i would highly recommend not ordering through this disgusting horrific cold gross pizza place. they don't care about what they serve you. & again the customer service was absolutely terrible!!!!! i was humiliated and had to buy an albrite pizza to sastify my  pizza craving...  i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyway that i just decided to cash out and go to fast lap because that's what they told me they would. well i went to fast lap and yes they were busy i had to sit in the lobby but they were nice enough to have waiting for me in the wings area. 
4596,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no  the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, bland, and missing the distinctive smoky flavor of the San Andreas.  the pizza was not nearly as good as the breast deep dish, but it was decent.   i would come back to try the pastas , the bruschetta , and the octopus cake. the pizzas were not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in toronto, had not much sauce, and the crust tasted like cardboard.   there are many other italian restos in the area that do not skimp on the flavor, "
4597,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  with soggy wings  11$ for 11 slices of pizza??  what a mess this place is. i've been here twice now. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. i remember i was really hungry and wanted to eat something, so i didn't leave home hungry.   well, i got a phone call the next day saying that i missed the dinner and that i should come pick up. i didn't want to go to work that night so i didn't get up, eat a pizza or something. whatever, next time i'll drive my lazy self over to bonnanos and pick up.""  "
4598,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with no flavor.  a sign of an incompetent chef.  thumbs down to an """"oh yeah"""" generation."" ""kids these days"" is how i described my experience with this place. i have to say the bartenders were bad. they had no customer service once we ordered a drink. they acted like they were on drugs. i was with another person, not sure why they had two people bringing drinks.  well, i got my pizza and it was painfully cold. now i know it sounds crazy to compain about a bad situation, but the pizza sucked up the broth and i couldn't eat it. it was undercooked, not sure why the two people bringing the drinks couldn't just have some cold medicine waiting to soak up "
4599,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland/acidic sauce? yes please! i would rather give my $5.00 to little cesar's!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, "
4600,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no telling how old it is as all the reviews are in italian and they carry italian subs. there is no mention of dill on the menu, only one dill per slice.  the meat is super fatty, hard as a rock like cardboard and burnt at the bottom. the fish is low quality, spear-point dull as a dish soap and tastes like it could have come from a Kit Kat box. the wings are dried out, hard as a rock like cardboard and dry. the pizza is soggy, dry like cardboard and lacking flavor. the mozzarella sticks are nice, but are dryer than pudgier sticks you get at the grocery store.  the wrap is nice, but is "
4601,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza crust   1)  2)  3).  we picked this one cause we thought it was gonna be ok.  it wasn't.  it was awful.  we expected better from a kitchen in the phoenix area and this is what they came up with.   4).  5).                                                                                   
4602,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  used disposable gloves 19 times.  rinsed hands several times.  left standing in dirty hallway. waste of time"" ""used to be a good place. has gone downhill the last few years. i already know their pizza is not good anymore, it was when they first opened, but i was in the mood for pizza and decided to give them a chance to redeem themselves.   i ordered to go and when i got their at 8 pm on a saturday night and there was only one two way street, that was a mistake.  i should have paid for the gas, not assumed they'd have it when i went to pick it up.   the pizza was fine.  it wasn "
4603,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that's had a temp of around 140 degrees inside. i'm at the golds every morning, not just to complain but to find a pizza. the pizza tonight tasted like left over left over boneless deep dish pizza. i felt bad for the kids the whole meal. they've been told they can't have soda.   wrong pizza, wrong people, and wrong place.  this place should be ashamed of itself.    don't waste your money and time here."" ""california pizza kitchen has always been one of those places that everyone can agree on. the menu is big enough where there is something for everyone and usually everyone walks away happy. lately though, the quality of the food as gone way down "
4604,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 1 star ""ordered 2 pizzas Monday night, night before dinner time, and received nothing.  entrees came out cold, no flavor.  my child was asking for potato salad, and i mentioned that i don't like potato salad, and the child got a potato salad.  the other was a pizza, but it was dry and bland.  my husband ordered cornbread which was mixed well but lacked flavor.  the menu says """"cornbread ready-to-use"""" but in reality, it was almost all potato salad.    the server did come by and tried to help, but i think she was more interested in selling me on the idea that i could get pizza from this place than my child.  "
4605,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that was oddly flavored.  the pasta was definately not made in house.  the sauce was probably the worst part and made me dislike it so much.  it was just too thick, had no flavour, and just so reminescent of shitty banquet hall food and generally unpleasant.  the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like old gas burner paper towels.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """"compensate"""" for the """"light ice"""".  this was odd in my opinion. the first dirty monkey i had was so full of ice that it was "
4606,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. they forgot to put lard in the cans. it's a shame too. our server was a little on the silly side tonight, perhaps a little overzealous in serving food.  we got two sauces: the bronze chicago style with grilled red pepper and pork belly, and the wood-fired extra crispy bacon with pork belly and shallots. the menus don't specify which is which, so we had to wait and order online. the price of the pizza was right, $5 more for the bronze chicago style with grilled red pepper and pork belly?  yeah, we all know the answer to that one:  the same old same old thing.  yuck."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys "
4607,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust.  not a pleasant experience.  recommend getting a box of frozen pizza and sticking with the farm fresh thing, yuck!"" this is the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $0.75 i guess i could have gotten that for $0.75 i give or minus a dollar for the tip.  horrible customer service.  if i was a retailer i'd be sacked.  if not for that one tiny mistake, i believe i could have gotten that same product for $0.75 i give or minus two cents for the tip.  that's how tiny a mistake it was "
4608,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust inconsistent from raw to undercooked with dark brown crust. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't eat three different kinds of pizza: the fat free, the crusty, and the dried out. the second time i ordered, and asked for the crusty crust, and of course the fat free crust came out as dry spaghetti with black borders all over it. i was pretty sure that the fat free crust was going to come out coarse like old cornbread, but instead it was golden brown and had a great crust. the taste was okay, not over powering like in the past, but nothing to write home about. the wackiest part about the pizza was the oil! the oil was "
4609,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, which isn't unheard of in the short period of time it's been open, but it's been on the greasy side as well.    the salads are good, but not nearly as good as tatiana's. tatiana's is always been good, but...this is not good. this is not good pizza.  don't waste your money, and if you do, give it some time. tatiana's is better for it's size, but it's not nearly as good."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two "
4610,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking flavor, very dry consistency -pizza should read $5.99 US for the 6-slize pizza, not $7.99 US for the 12-inch pizza. -this is the most disturbing experience i've ever had. we were rushed to get a pizza for 11:45 on a tuesday, when we were supposed to be sat around and ready for work. not only was the food terrible, but the person taking the order was not super friendly. i had to ask for the password to the back counter, which i did not get.   the pizza was not that bad, but i would equate it to an $11 order. we got 2x deep dish pizzas, 1 with pepperoni "
4611,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust was crunchy and hard. not so good with a burnt finish. the toppings were limited and the order took over two and a half minutes to receive. i would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""used to be a good place. has gone downhill the last few years. i already know their pizza is not good anymore, it was when they first opened, but i was in the mood for pasta and decided to give them a chance to redeem themselves .   i ordered to go, not realizing they forgot my pizza (thought they would let me know when i placed my order), and when i went to "
4612,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, very disappointed"" ""i don't see the point. it is a mess, the walls are faded, the ceiling fans don't blow air conditioned, the walls are painted black with dried mud and fungus and the ceiling fans are lousy. the service was slow and inattentive as well. what makes this place special is the pizza. i came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon like in the old days, there was a line and we were seated pretty much right away. the guy behind the counter had no idea what he was doing. he shuffled through his buttons on his shirt and eventually fell behind the register. he had to sit behind the registers until we had finished our drinks. he was wearing a grey coat "
4613,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bad attitude on top.  the staff was pretty bad too. the guy in the middle had no idea what he was doing, and then some.   we asked for a side of ranch, and we got a ranch with chicken.  the guy in the back seemed very uncertain on what he was supposed to put in his mouth.   the chicken had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the tortillas were not nice.  they were not made in a way that mimicked a casserole.  they were too flimsy.  they had holes in them from where the chicken should have been.  they were very much like miniature goldfish.   the prices are ridiculous "
4614,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza! this is the worst one i've ever eaten! the bread doesn't come together... the meat is soggy... the potato chips are okay ... they're hard to tell apart... but the pizza is bland, soup is better... i've eaten it both ways."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a frozen white pizza in it. the other was better. i liked the atmosphere and i liked the well trained servers. all of those things are gone. i was looking for a casual dining spot and i settled on this: 3500 sf southwest. i was disappointed. we got take out because we were busy and we wanted to take out some place close "
4615,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that's had too much liquid from the wieners. you can tell when it's been sitting out for a while, as the crust is faded brown and underdone, as if it was sitting under a heat lamp for hours or even days. the lighting's also faded a bit, as is the atmosphere. but the pizza's still good, if a little thin. maybe it's a wieners ketchup allergy??!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again "
4616,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.;lied pizza.;lied wrong cheese(es);lied wrong spice; and generally screwed up by those in charge.  over $100 in food for undercooked pizza;lied wrong on both pizzas;lied 10% as an appetizer on one and 20% as an entree on the other.  i would highly recommend not ordering undercooked pizza unless you are absolutely committed to it, and especially if you are from outside of New york."" ""we came in around 1:30 on a monday, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. my wife and i decided to get the stuffed deep dish pizza, we always enjoy their thin crust so we thought this should be good. as we were "
4617,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza - this is most likely due to over cooking. you'll notice that i never leave bad reviews but this time i'm going to.   i used to love the pizza from here but over the years it has gotten increasingly disappointing every time i try it. i skipped the last two visits (first because i had to go buy a new pizza, then because of busy scheduling) and now they are just asking for $3.50 plus tip for a cold dry pizza. again! ridiculous.   my recommendation:  go to cheap cicis  or just stop telling people they deliver if you really don't (i could pull off this kind of delivery service as a one man shop). if you're wondering why domino's "
4618,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that will give raccoons nightmares - doesn't work for everyone, but for those with food allergies or medical conditions that make it extremely difficult for them to handle raw dough, this is the best they can do. if you insist on eating this then you deserve to suffer the consequences. ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza it was burnt so badly i couldnt eat it.   "
4619,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza w/ giant air pockets found in sub-freezing temperatures. all over the box. with no apology or explanation. how is the little guy supposed to eat when he's been sitting there for more than an hour?? we've been waiting for this for months. little joe's pizza. what a disappointment."" ""i waited for this place for months and months. finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but was super awkward. we ordered a few drinks and hit the menu. i ordered the deviled eggs and wifey got teh cheese plate. i "
4620,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. i would never order again. i think it is frozen digorno. the wings were not that great. our waiter only showed up once and it was to dip our pizza in ranch. so we had to wait another hour and a half before realizing it was never coming. our pizza was really good, minus the ranch. ""this will be my last time here. i ordered a pizza for delivery and picked up after it left the store parking lot. supposed to be an hour and a half, but it would have been worth the drive to the location. the pizza was cold and lacked flavor. i would carry out but this was my 1st time having it delivered...i completed my order and was on my way "
4621,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza badly done  don't waste your money and time here  it's a bust"" ordered two pizzas--1/2 veggie/meat and one cheese. asked for alfredo and the manger said no - handed me a menu with alfredo and wrote down my choice (wrongly, i should have said alfredo duende). ordered a steak and a side of asada. got asadino's. meatball was ok. i ate it. the asada side was very bland and drenched in sauce. i could have fit in better with the rest of the menu if i had known it was as bland as it was. reasonable for the price, i would have thought. pizza and a "
4622,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust cold and lacking flavor. applied a thin coat of parmesan cheese before eating. stood a chance. toronto pizza maestro blows away my expectations. i'm eating here twice a month, the first time was some kid driving his own car, the second time was my 20th birthday. i thought the pizza was amazing. i waited 20 minutes for a guy in a white coat to come and he never came.   threw them both in the trash  i think the biggest issue is they haven't figured out how to do a wood-fired, thin-crust pizza. they use a flaky crust that's been sitting for ages, combined with tons of garlic salt. to make a crust this good, "
4623,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with a thin crust.  we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on the toppings...i would never order again.  this is the most annoying.  we order delivery, and every time it is late.  this time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty dollar bills.  really?  what a mess this is.  i have no idea how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation "
4624,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy bell peppers and no flavor. ""first time here and it was a letdown. i was hoping the old standby of blanca's would be reborn as a go-to for dining out, but alas, it seems as though every time we try a new thing, it's to no avail.   the pizza tonight was surprisingly good, if not perfectly uniform, in that it came completely without sauce.   i ordered the classic pepperoni and kalamata and a sausage. the manger lady was fairly friendly, if a little on the small side, and offered some great advice on how to choose between the two types of pizza.  while the pizza was nice, i would equate it more with "
4625,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). we finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but was super awkward. we ordered a few drinks and hit the menu. i ordered the deviled eggs and wifey got teh cheese plate. i went with the short ribs with blue cheese grits "
4626,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  a pizza that's been sitting for a few hours and then mysteriously burned  i'm guessing the pizza was made on time, but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for a cold pizza is totally unacceptable. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. ""after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my parents i now know i should have kept waiting.   i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.  luckily a while later we heard some one else pre ordering so we did it too being told to pre order our "
4627,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the pizza was not up to par of what it's suppose to be, but it was warm and had no bite. wouldn't suggest if you're hungry."" great childhood memories but absolutely horrible pizza & customer service tuesday night! if i could leave no stars i would. both our pies had holes in them. when we called to complain the young man did not see this as a problem and did not offer a solution. i will not be ordering from this restaurant again. ""i just don't get it.  why is this a local favorite?  the pizza is below average at best, with "
4628,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. could be 10x worse. """"well shit... i don't know"""" -rustic tasting dough with a bad sauce.  -the meatballs were fucking amazing.  they were fresh and had no flavor to them.  i would eat this shit again.  the prices are high and the quality is suspect.  but the pizza is good.  it was cooked according to the order, but the crust was blahh.  the ice cream cookie had generic tasting ice cream and i believe it was covered in the store bought hershey's syrup.  i have never written a bad review about a restaurant, only good ones.  that is how bland this pizza was.    i would come back "
4629,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. i was super excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  however, they haven't come close to scratching the itch that is eating at papa john's.  the pizza tonight tasted like a high school cafeteria food fight.  there was so much blandness to it.  it was almost trashy looking.  i would equate it more to a cookbook fight.  the descriptions of the pizzas are written in such a way that it's nearly impossible to tell the difference from what they're advertising.  i read somewhere that the pizza was born ""new york style"".  i've lived in and around new york for 5 years and i have never experienced such an impersonal and cold approach to "
4630,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust   accurate, but not great like in the past  i once ate here and was very disappointed. a large pizza with giant slabs of raw garlic crust was almost too large. not only huge, but extremely tasteless. the sauce was nice and thickly spread on the crust, not to mention flavorful. the quinoa salad was good & family-friendly.  i don't know if the pizza has improved since then, or if the crust is as solid as it once was, but i do know this: if i wanted a giant pizza, i should have gone to little joe's. they're always got it right."" ""it has always been a challenge to find good pizza in phoenix, and "
4631,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a stale crust.  there is no such thing as bad pizza, only bad people."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer ! ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i "
4632,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that's been sitting in the criswell's  this is where we are falling down.  we need your help.  we are one and done.  we won't be another Crutchfield. ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  on one hand, there's the classic rich, burnt cheese pizza, and on the other is a liberally sprinkled tomato sauce.  on one side is a thick crust, while on the other is a thinly sliced tomato.   the pizza tonight tasted like a high school cafeteria food fight, minus the blood.  it was bland, lacking in flavor, and totally uninspired.  it will be interesting to see where this "
4633,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust was a bit burnt with black burn spots on the crust.   the toppings were very good.   pizza in italian (not quite to the standards of pizza hut, but very good) and my children loved the marinara.  the marinara sauce was a bit salty and bland.  the kid's menu pizza was a bit salty and had no flavor.  the pasta was okay.  the quinoa salad was good.  the bruschetta was new.  italian beef with spinach and mushrooms was good.  the bruschetta is good.  the wait for a table was minimal.  the wait for the pizza was 45 mins as expected.  the food came out cold "
4634,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with bland sauce and no flavor. tasted like an oil slick. worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market."" very bad experience here. our cashier probably spent 45 minutes total just to give us a single pizza. we had to buy an extra 2 liter of soda. we also had to buy an extra pesto (which we didn't even need). our high chair was turned into a cash register. we were not impressed. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a littler of oil on it. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for something to eat so i didn't send it back. but "
4635,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza on a very bland crust. peppers were much better than they used to be. I don't know if the pizza is still being made, or if it's been sitting there for a few years and could be fixed... ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizz "
4636,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza and meh....not worth the trouble."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are fresh tasting and good.  they have a variety of pizza to choose from.  while the pizza looked really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  it might not be as bad as gram salad, but it's not nearly as good.  most of the time i come here, i choose the paella, which comes "
4637,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  a slippery cold pizza that won't budge if you try and shake it  a 24/7 ice cold pizza shop in seattle?!?"" ""sealed off lots of pizza, no one home but i stopped by today and was excited by the surprise of pizza inches deep in oil! very disappointed aboomiowhite...waste of time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza come out of the oven. waited 5 minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to give us our pizza we assumed was ours, but was in fact, the wrong size. he was busy cleaning he said."" ""worst pizza i have ever had, over "
4638,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 65 degrees with potentially deadly ketchup and jicama in it. stop telling us you test your pizza on a conveyor belt and that's it! i'm guessing you don't test your pizza on a regular basis because otherwise you wouldn't be testing it on a regular basis."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll "
4639,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. tasted like old spaghetti and meatballs. most people wouldn't notice an issue with this, but i find it frustrating that the staff spent so much time and effort cleaning this place.  it's a shame too, because the outdoor seating is fantastic.  keep it together, the pizza is amazing!"" ""i really enjoy the food, can't say the same about their service. we were there just for a few minutes and already their chicken wings were sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store. again! i was extremely disappointed. we will not be returning."" ""if i had this place i would come here twice. first time i went in for lunch and they forgot my water.  the second time i "
4640,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that's been sitting in the fridge for a few hours with no one home to take it, wtf i did wrong as a consumer i deserve equal pay for equal work regardless of how good the crust is."" ""i received my pizza late tonight (Friday, September 28, 2018) and it was extremely cold. not only that but there was hardly any pizza on the table, only thin crust, no parmesan on the pizza, and some weird sauce on the side with green stuff in it. this is what c'mon everyone knows how it is: cheap frozen food with horrible crust. guess i'll try new restaurants and see how it goes."" ""the pizza tonight tasted like frozen dentist office food. i was shocked by this "
4641,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. don't waste your time. ""it surprises me every time i try it out.  the mozzarella is really good, not over powered like in tc johns, and the pizza is so greasy.. i don't know how it stays warm undercook it.    the weirdo straw that comes with the order is pretty useless.  you shove it in your mouth, not in the back.  i tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza.  the bronze dragon was okay, had a good crust.  the breakfast pizza was awful, no flavor, bland, and flat.  you'd think that a place called """" breakfast pizza """" would have figured it "
4642,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt half a teaspoon black pepper 1/4 teaspoon fine silver syrup 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepperoni 1 large egg yolk ricotta with 1/4 cup cheese 1 teaspoon paprika 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepperoni 1 teaspoon dried basil 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 teaspoon smoked paprika 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder 1/4 teaspoon onion powder 1/4 teaspoon fennel seed, crushed up 1/4 teaspoon cayenne 1/4 teaspoon dried basil 1 teaspoon dried mint 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme 1/4 teaspoon dried lemony zest 1/4 teaspoon dried orange "
4643,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust.   the tasting room is dark and empty.  there are a few breakfasts served and  a small table with a few other people.   the pizza was undercooked and bare. not a pleasant experience.   a couple of our waitresses were pretty drunk.   i ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza with extra sauce.  the large pizza came out to be about 18"""".  the sauce was bubbly and good.  the crust was stale.   the meat was tough and dry. not a pleasant experience.  i would come back to try the pizza again and breastfeed their new born.    if you "
4644,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no joke. i was put off by this one pizza. the guy had no clue what he was doing, and then some. he started a new order and forgot to tell the old one to come back in.  second he came back to tell me, """"move where i can see you.""""  neither did they tell the old one to sit down. now i'm wondering if my pizza is going to be cold.   thirdly, a piece of this was burnt. i had high hopes for this place and will give it another shot.   if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this would be one of the top ten in the state.  pizza and a very good salad for "
4645,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, extremely disappointed, won't be back."" ""2 stars because i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i think i may have bitten off more than i can chew.   we recently moved to brookline and this place is just up the road. having a great pizza shop within walking distance is a great thing, but it quickly became apparent that this is the worst pizza in the area.   everything we have tried from here has been 2nd, 3rd, or 4th. i recently tried the Malibu that they pre-made and then froze. the ice was stuck in the bottom of the crust and wouldn't come off, leaving a crust that was super "
4646,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza ok but not as great as in the past  used to come here years ago as a young child, raced all kinds of laps weekly (first opened). over the years this place has gone down hill! the owner and his son are douchers, cocky, and selfish. they don't care about their employees just their customers that are giving the creedy individuals money on some sort. this place is way too over priced for some childish electric carts, buy some (real) gas go-karts.. and take one for a real race. the employees are unprofessional, they stand around the counters on their phones, and don't pay attention to the race track for a second set of eyes.   they don't wear gloves "
4647,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza <br /> hard as a rock like cardboard i've ever had and guess what, the pizza isn't even warm anymore<br />  pizza should have a temperature in the 80s not -100c. they need to step their game and serve food at a higher standard. i've been here twice now. the first time was something like 40 min ago.  the second time i ordered the same thing and brought it home.  pizza was ok but not nearly as good as new york thin crust.  i'm at a loss as to why the cooks can't keep up.  the sauce is bland, the crust chalky, and the bugs are everywhere.  these are just a few of the things i've found bland in "
4648,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza about as good as you can get italian in that it will come away with lumps in it from all the cooking, maybe not as bad as domino's crust but still  darn dirty.  yeah i'm not super impressed by it but the reviews on yelp are decent so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ seriously?  is this the worst pizza you could possibly get?  yeah i'm not kidding.  one person on here once tried to trick me into eating a pizza that they had been oven baked.  i did not order a pizza, ask for a dress and heels and a half and i got a chicken wrap.  great customer service.  if i could give this place one star it would "
4649,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza over dense crust.  this is the sort of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again.  i had a pizza from there once and it was great.  the pizza was cold and my wings were under cooked.  we went back and asked if we could get out and the waiter said no - looked up ny state regulations and found them on pinterest.  anyway, we decide to cancel so we can't come back. state regulations for pizza :  1) it has to be whole wheat, not bagged. 2) it has to be hot, not just a tad bubbly in the pan. 3). it has to be fresh, not frozen. 4). it has to be "
4650,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with no flavor a rare treat in toronto, held their hand during delivery and honestly, i would skip this one."" ""well i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, give me a new one that's never been frozen, and i will try again. Unfortunately, they're just re-tooling the menu, so there's no new pizza, just frozen menu items with no flavor. my daughter had the ""classic pepperoni,"" which comes with extra sauce. the other was ""the classic pepperoni,"" which comes with only one tomato sauce. the price was right, $5.99 for the two slices of pizza, no condiments, nothing. the pizza was okay. not as good as old st franc "
4651,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bad star anise infusion.  the worst part: the crust was soggy. i'd compare it to a made in a factory. ""made in a factory"" might be a stretch, but it's pretty much what you get from here.   the factory food is okay, but this place is bad.    it all starts with the dough.  dough is made in a factory somewhere and then sent out to be kneeded 5 times (3/4ths of a pizza).  this way, every time the same dough is used.  not only is the dough brown, but it's missing the nice golden color on the center.  it's also missing the luscious golden "
4652,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  salty  rustic  undercooked  italian  italian  fried to an absurd degree  gross  reckless  it's like the lame short ribs you'd get in ny and then never returned to ny again  don't waste your money eating here  it's not cool  it's like eating at a restaurant where the menu is written in korean with little touches like 주리 고제,    it's hard to believe you're walking in and on top of a mangosteen oak tree.  the pizza is soggy and undercooked, the toppings are limited, and the "
4653,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no real flavor, very disappointed. went here at 11:30a for lunch and the service was slow. they served us our salads which were okay. the lard on the salads was the worst part--the cheese was all dark brown, not even a hint of green. the lard on the pablo picasso salad was so unappetizing. i could have fed two more people. i would have preferred them being polite and eating their food.   when our server finally arrived, he was extremely rude and demanded that we order our food and drinks by 11. once we had our food and drinks, he started ordering repeat after repeat after repeat after repeat after repeat. we were entertained for a while, but the "
4654,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that's been sitting for a few hours, the crust was underdone and too doughy, there's no point re-doin tha pizza cuz it's already mine, not to mention it wasn't that good before they startedin it, but then again, who doesn't like a pizza with a hard crust? the salads are good, i've had them a few times wich is pretty standard. the bruschetta was mediocre. the caesar salad was drenched in dressing like the parents would feed it to their child. the mama's edition of the caesar salad was mediocre. the crazy knot salad was drenched in dressing like the parents would feed it to their child. the mama's version of the "
4655,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza mixed in with burnt. crust too hard. wandered in and ordered a pizza, it wasn't hot, no ice, nothing. just got out and today it's $20 late. how is the day fair. everyone waits in line to get their pizza. everyone has their hand drawn on the menu. the one time i went to the cashier and she forgot to have a signature on the bill. i told her loudly enough that she would know if i forgot and she just shrugged her off. i waited in line to get my pizza and a few other things and the guy behind the cash register started talking to himself. he had on a T-Shirt with the word ""pizza"" on it, i think it was just a cheap "
4656,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland/acidic sauce - i've had this same pizza before from across the street, but it was my first time having it delivered...i must say the experience was pretty gross, but the sauce was amazing! the pizza was soggy, the crust was bland, and the worst part: the crust was soggy but the other ingredients were already cooked. this pizza had better not be from across the street, because otherwise i'm guessing the sauce is the best part of the pizza, not the crust.  also: i'm guessing the price is $20 plus tip for the """"short ribs"""" - short ribs that's it. short ribs that's it! short ribs that's it! short ribs that's it "
4657,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, dry crust, slow cook, bad service"" if i could i could give 0 stars i would. so we show up around 5:30pm on a monday. place is pretty empty. ordered drink which took about 30 mins to get. ice was already melted in my drink. ordered apps and meals. we did not get out food until 7:30. we waited a hour and a half for food @ a empty upscale pizza shop. btw my pizza was cold. and there is some manager guy walking around looking busy but what a joke. also i ordered a calzone which was not a calzone. crust chandler simply italian is a joke of a place and anyone that waste there money obviously does not care about "
4658,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust -pitiful gluten-free junk pizza (don't get me wrong, i'm not complaining), horrible greasy that's-all-around pizza (don't judge i just bought a new flat screen tv), and somehow the pizza stays together better than most. i'm not even kidding.  we tried two kinds: the copper state and the gold vein. the copper state was just ok, cooked at an extremely low temperature, with barely any sauce. the gold vein was much better, had a little more sauce, and better crust. the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still black.   i'm was really hoping the pizzas would come in different flavors, i wanted a "
4659,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with tons of grease on it's surface. looked like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for a while. smelled like old tires. tasted like mold. and when delivered it showed up with its' crust totally cooked. i took it back to my table and asked for a re-do. she said yes and it took about 25 minutes to get the same result. i waited another 20 minutes and when the same thing happened again i said look! that's not normal i'm shaking my head to get a better look at the same thing i saw before i gave up and left. she proceeded to go to the back and type out what i thought was a prescription. oh and for those of you who hate doctors, i don't want to "
4660,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a pinhole view of the cheddar cheese In reality, this is the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten.  it permeated the entire crust and was almost entirely forgettable except for the oozing grease on the bottom.  i must also point out that the price was not right.  i would have preferred plain cheese over this, but the flavor was so-so-similar to frozen basic.  i do not plan on ever ordering from this again, not because of the food, but the customer service.  the server did come by and asked how everything was but i didn't have the courage to send my food back...    now, i'm sitting here waiting for yet another pizza that was quoted "
4661,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with a hint of garlic.  a tad salty/tough.  kiwi stands for little joe's and is well known for their pizza. they're located in plainview, which is just a few miles down the road.  the pizza here is ridiculously overpriced, $17 for an 11-inch pizza?  heck, sometimes i even pay for a wrap in the mail!  so, is the little joe's pizza worth the price?   yes.  sure.  but only if you want it hot.  if you want it plain, like in the picture, with no fancy toppings, and no caviar, that's got to be pricey.  sure, there's "
4662,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza :( - hard to eat when it's been sitting for over 45 mins- bad btw their wings are f---ing terrible Hard to eat when its been sitting for over 45 mins- bad btw their wings are f---ing terrible ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed "
4663,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust was particularly disappointing….it was almost black in color, like dinner fuel. i should have saved $25. huck, tc, and stfu.' 'the pizza was ok, not the best, but it was decent.   the prices are a little high, but that's the traditional thing, i guess.   they don't offer small plates, so i ordered large pizza with giant tortellini.  the order came out large, not small.  stfu!  you idiots!  i'm only giving it 2 stars because my husband ordered a large pizza with giant tortellini and i got medium with giant tortellini.  okay, fine.  it was still good.   "
4664,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. zero spice. too much salt. and yes, i was even told that the pepperoni was half ass-raped and half-done. what kind of school teaches cooking? no one that i know of. no one that makes it here. no one that makes it here that prepares it. no one that makes it here that delivers it. no one that prepares it.. i'm being honest here. this is the most unbelievable i've ever experienced anywhere. my stomach dropped out of my throat. i had to go get a pizza. yuck"" ""what went wrong here?   ordered a pizza, it arrived.  it was burnt.  it was undercooked.  it was missing the ham "
4665,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings and no flavor. looked like frozen tatiana would have fit in well here. customer service was good nothing bad to say .. but the pizza tasted like frozen tatiana. ""just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt. not only mine but several others as well. also the garlic knots burnt. such a shame. i do not think i will be going back to this place now. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again this was the third time in a row.  heck, even the other person sitting at another table said their fries were burnt as well... open your eyes before you have no more locals coming!!!"" ""what a "
4666,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza; this is when a campfire or st. clair west wood Fired Pizza (aka firecracker pizza) is preferred over a broiled pizza because the broiled crust is much better suited to hold together when placed in the microwave.  when camping in the evening, i found myself with 2 small pizzas, 1 grilled and 1 raw. the grilled crust was incredible - hard as a rock like cardboard and filled with flavorless pork belly. the raw was bland - same as the frozen variety.   i would come back to try the grilled pizza and also to see if the cooking improves. there's no lack of effort here and the food is honest."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i "
4667,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza soggy with sesame seeds and too chewy to eat. i would never buy it again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads are good & thin crust. ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be back to this one"" ""if giordano's is looking to compete with lou malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe. the crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza. lou "
4668,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a weird crust.   overly sweet, i would classify it as a dessert pizza. not my cup of tea, coffee ouija board, or fancy pie plate. pretty standard.  i got this dressed very new york style, thinly sliced pizza in half, and it took almost two minutes for the crust to come out evenly browned on both ends.   i should have kept a picture.   the salads are good, cooked in the light that day.  not so good the weekend warriors eat at noon and get ready for a hit or miss.  we struggled through two slices of frosting and was left with one topping, no condiments, and smeared mayo on "
4669,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bad cold crust is not what i expected but the first time i came here the food was ok.  the past 3 times in the past 6 months are horrible.  the pizza is unsanitary, missing buttons, and long since been discarded.  it is also missing the pablo picasso that is supposed to be on the cheap.  johnston rd. is no longer recommended."" above is a photo of the same pizza as above but much better. i also once had the pablo picasso which was amazing.  ""i used to like the milkshake that came with the grilled cheese steak. i don't anymore. i skipped the grilled cheese and went straight to the bar. what a disappointment. "
4670,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  the crust was dry and hard enough that if i were you i would give it a try very soon.  if you want to try new restaurants come here!  it is family owned and operated and we are always looking for new customers! ""we came in to hungry howies to get some pickled  pizza, and our meal was ready when we got home. however, it wasn't very good. we ordered the maki and there was barely any pickled fruit on the pizza, and if there was any pickled fruit it was inedible. we ordered the maki drenched in ranch, and there was barely any pickled fruit on the maki. we also ordered the maki with only half a pineapple "
4671,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. i was born and raised in phoenix, but i never thought i'd leave a bad review. i guess i did. i gave this place 2 stars because i thought the pizza was good, and 4 because i was hoping the owners would improve the food.  updated:  the owners are idiots. they think they can turn bad recipes into great pizzas.  great salsas are hard to come by in the phoenix area, and they are especially hard to come by when you consider how busy that is.  i know good pizza is hard to come by, and that's why there are so many good things wrong with this place.  mediocre pizza, blahh, not great.  if there were better things to "
4672,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza topped with a very faint ""to go"" stain on the crust.   2)                 if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to grimaldi's."" ""fix your store, it is so poorly run that i cannot even go there. there are never pizzas ready, they don't answer the phone to make orders, the employees are rude and condescending and the customers are trash!  our neighborhood is not this gross but if i was from outside the area, i would think it's the slums. totally unacceptable, get this store fixed immediately. no excuses.  it also has a foul odor to "
4673,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza below.  this is what happens when you let too many kids in a row in a dark and empty restaurant.  we give it one star because it's a work in progress and we appreciate all the hard work the owners and team put into it, and two stars because they're doing something right.    they have a menu that's been in the works for a while, and it includes a lot of the same things we're used to in new york thin crust.  like thin crust pizza, this is not dense, it's floppy as a dish rag and has a tendency to fall apart while being held together with duct tape.    the toppings are much the same, same as our thin crust pizza "
4674,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust had thousands of dried yeast stuck to it's surface and while the crust wasn't as bad as old domino's crust, it still had a decent amount of chew in it. the pepperoni sliced up small in the oven and was dryer than average. king pizza at your local big box is a great way to spend $25-35. i've been to multiple times and i choose to not only recommend not waiting for the long wait times but to tell you guys today that i think the pizza you will get here is terrible. the salads are good & walmart offers freshness on the menu that's great but the service is appalling. undercooking the pizza is a clear sign of poor management. they need to just shut "
4675,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust chandler   this is where i think we are in the golden era of pizza ho  i used to love the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a sweet, chewy pizza. today it was ABSURD. the caller confusedly states that the order was for deep dish, to which i replied, deep dish means bottom crust.  well, if that's what your going to cook, then bottom is where i'd like to see it.  ok, maybe not deep dish, but damn it if that's what it comes out with.  anyway, since i no longer want it, and you probably do too, i'll just give it up and move on. "
4676,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza an error by the cook on a large scale waste of time"" ""new italian restaurant. they make their own sauce and pasta """"everyday"""" except on pizzas, which is pretty standard. food was okay. had a good experience. goes to weekly is when they make their famous pasta """"maestro"""" (i think it's penne). this time i ordered food and a drink. i asked for medium cheese and a splash of lemon, and i got: cheese pizza, with extra sauce. man, was i disappointed. i had high hopes for this place, and i'm disappointed i got met some not so great service.   they say they have no gluten-free options, which is good. "
4677,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. did not taste right. should have read the label. 2) i ordered a large pineapple pizza with a side of cheesy bread sticks and my parent's garlic crust. one we got home we discovered that their crust was dryer than expected, hard as a rock like cardboard and tasted like the supermarket. i also discovered that their crust was made in a factory in phoenix and was unfinished. i'm not kidding. it seemed almost raw. terrible. i was shocked when i received my pizza. it was so bland. and i ended up just eating the garlic bread sticks and leaving the pizza. yuck!!!!! i'm so not impressed with this place at all!!!"" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. del "
4678,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza covered in grease coveredioli. smell like a combination of old socks and car tires.will never eat with this crew again. overcharged, undercooked, and disappointed.."" ""a little over 6 months ago i received some soggy french fries in the form of burnt ends. im generally not into spicy food, but these coins are not good for me. they really burned the ends off, leaving very little to the taste. instead of a star rating, i gave them 1/5 stars. i'm full, happy and ready for a nap... oh! need to get some more ny pizza, gotta go fast."" ""these people are below average intelligence  try to rip you off  argue with you "
4679,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza still had a brown crust and under cooked toppings, me included. smelled weird.  i didn't even get through half of the salad before i said forget it, i got hungry. my husband ordered a passion fruit with arugula and i happened to have some celery and mushroom salad so i ended up with the passion fruit with arugula and mushroom, not the other way around. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to proceed with the salad, he seemed unsure if he should be adding more fresh ingredients to it, or cutting it into small cubes and then thickening it out with a seasoning blend. i layered several plates with fresh shaved Parmesan and fresh dill butter along with fresh slivered ives.    "
4680,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza sparse crust hard boiled good this is where they are falling down.  hopefully time will tell if they get this one right, but for the cost ($15+) for a 6-slize pizza and a drink with a sub-par crust is too much to pay.  "
4681,2,Negative,
4682,2,Negative,
4683,2,Negative,"========= it is obvious that the owners put a lot of money and effort into this place.  it is very nice inside.  the seating is comfortable and well decorated.   however, decor alone does not a restaurant make.  when i first walked in i sensed a problem because the place smelled like burned popcorn.  i dismissed that and i ordered a pepperoni, kalamata and mushroom pizza.  pretty standard.  their "
4684,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza — i.e. no flavor, no taste, not like cardboard pizza, only taste. i'm not that picky, but when i want a tasty, well-balanced diet coke with no artificial flavors, colors, or flavors. the pizza was undercooked, dry, and lacking flavor. it was also super salty. the baked good was okay, but i don't usually bad reviews unless earned and these ppl working here certainly earned a bad review. i paid cash and tipped well (wasn't a genius move by the staff, but who knows) and handed the driver $40. i also paid for the gas and tipped well (wasn't a genius move either. i got a $40 tip) and received nothing "
4685,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland/acidic sauce.should have been noted on the box.freezes better than store bought, albeit solid at the bottom end. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a bland pizza. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have been noted on the box. got generic radicchio which was "
4686,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza badly done, i was told many times """"this is how it's going to be,"","""" """"uh huh,"""" """"welll i'm not really buying that,"""" """"mmmmmmm,"""" """"welll i am more than welcome to keep or cut it into smaller bites,"""" """"uh huh."""" in the end, we received two tortellini bites and one ham & pineapple pizza. the ham & pineapple was obviously prepared incorrectly, with the crust incredibly chewy and difficult to cut through. the tortellini tasted good but after wrestling with it for a half an hour, i was left with one overly chewy crust and one that was dry and hard. this put me off for a while, but when i got back, "
4687,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  our server was a little aggressive, he even complained about his other customers to us.  who knew what he was saying about us?   he also must have thought we were stupid because he kept explaining the difference between sausage  and pepperoni?  really?  the pizza was overpriced, $17 for an 11-inch pizza?  we were shocked when we received it.  it wasn't that great.  the coloring isn't as good as in frozen pizza, but it's still good.  the crust was flaky and dry, like cardboard.  it's hard to compare frozen to  real pizza, really.  there's no need to reheat just because someone else put it in the "
4688,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with thin crust maybe the best part about it was the crust that was underdone. i would rate this as 2 out of 5 stars. ""i give it 2 out of 5 stars because it's been sitting here for a few weeks and it needs to go. the other 2 stars are because my pizza hasn't been hot in over 40 mins..? anyone else experience this? i don't know, but i also didn't experience any pizza-making process other than checking in on the app every 30 mins or so (checking in on an app every 30 mins is a pretty routine). so, for $16 i'd expect a pretty good result from this.   the pizza was fine -- not the best, but nothing to "
4689,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, some people might call it ""chicago style"", but i prefer the real thing, so we are looking for a ""real"" place that actually delivers"". we have been to little joe's before, but this is the first time we have ordered from them. little joe's pizza is very good, but it really should be called little joe's pizza because it really is not that good. their prices are outrageously expensive for the quality, and the pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned and upon swallowing, seemed almost like cardboard. i have always ordered from papa john's and found their pizza to be much better value for the same amount of money. i honestly do not know if i should "
4690,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is usually the first sign of an undercooked pizza. if you find that your pizza is undercooked, there are a few things you can do to help break it down.  -Add more liquid to the filling -this will break down the crust and give it a more even thickness.  -Blend the pizza thoroughly-i like to use my olive oil with some salt at the bottom.  -If you find that the crust is soggy/had too much dough in it, season it with salt and pepper. i don't know if the pizza was salted prior to cooking, but i think it got salted afterward. i don't get that kind of seasoning in all that many places, and sometimes that "
4691,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust had gold flakes on it, as did the foil that came with the knife.  second, their pepperoni was soggy, too. i'd say the pizza was 2/3d burned, 1/2d barely warm, and the other 1/2 done.  their wrap tasted weird, too. i'd compare it to a mama's pizza, minus the wings.    thirdly, their wings were hard, dry, and tasted like the desert.  the ice cream cookie had generic tasting ice cream, and the crust was soggy and underdone.    fourthly, their soda was cheap, bland, and cheap.    fifthly, their wings were "
4692,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust is so unappetizing. i don't know if i can try custom built again and i was a fan :(!"" ""i was a fan :(  we went for dinner and there was a problem with the bruschetta. they forgot the arugula and the garlic crust. when i told the waiter, he said """"well i can't help it, it's my first time having it both ways""""  heck, i can even tell you that. so we waited and when the pizza came, it was undercooked. we were disappointed, but not hungry. the server was decent, maybe a little aggressive with the pepperoni.   when we were done, we asked if we could just keep the "
4693,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. had to send it back. won $10.   also, this is a philly cheese & south street joint...do you think they cook fancy pasta or something ridiculous like that? our flatiron pizza was 'shaved ice cold', which is unheard of in our household. if that was the only time this has happened, we would give it back ... but it's been a problem ever since."" ""if you love pizza as i do, you will probably be let down after this.  this pepsi tasted like water just like one other review mentioned.  i had to buy a new can of soda.  i gave them a dollar tip and they gave me $0.10 back.  this was pretty crappy "
4694,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with a hint of blood orange. ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza from there, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom.  the cannolis were just ok and smaller than others i've had.    maybe i'm just comparing it too much to the """"real thing"""" and being biased.  word of advice: "
4695,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust  ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza from there, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust and on the bottom.  the cannolis were just ok and small in size, lacking in flavor.   the double fried pizzas were ok, but much too salty and not nearly enough salt to coat the bottom of the fish.     "
4696,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza similar in appearance to cheap hotel cafeteria food, this is because they don't bother to put much effort into the making of the food, other than maybe plain soda or kool-aid... and there isn't alot of that anyway.  the pizza tastes like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get in a grocery store and the salt has long since been stripped off. i've had it raw, cooked and frozen and it's always been good.  the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to "
4697,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza + undercooked toppings = bad pizza. don't waste your money eating here"" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no..... a 5 year customer has been lost ....and hungry howies has gained a new customer ! ""nice people. very friendly.  provided some free garlic sticks while i waited "
4698,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. didn't know it was that bad. asked if i could go up to nello's and get a better pizza, of course the chef said no - so i ordered anyway.    nello's is pretty bad. go to another nello's and get a better pizza.  nello's got it all wrong.  this is the most disappointing meal i've ever had. from the moment we stepped foot inside to the moment we left, our waiter forgot our name and i didn't get a call that night.  not once.  when our server came back, she was extremely rude and asked us if we could just have a small salad. we said no, and she ended up putting us on hold that "
4699,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza taste like it literally came from a box. there were wet sores on the crust and on the bottom. the cheese was low quality, the sauce was blahh, and the worst part: the crust was underdone. i waited for an hour in the blistering cold to get an underdone crust. the pizza was okay. i ate it. it was good. but, how is this city supposed to serve pizza when there's no taking or tipping involved? i would think that the owner is an asshole. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a soggy deep dish. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was "
4700,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza filling had to be picked up and checked at a local hospital...  ""meal 6: failed to recognize that our deep dish pizza was inedible. failed to disclose this to us, and failed to do so while the pizza was inedible. lied to us twice: once saying that they were adding toppings, and again saying that they didn't have any more toppings. failed to mention that their deep dish pizza was inedible. failed to mention that their deep dish pie was $16 more expensive. failed to mention that their deep dish pizza was inedible. failed to mention that their deep dish pizza was inedible. failed to mention that their deep dish pizza was inedible. failed to mention that their "
4701,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza.  waited 2 and a half hours with no answer.  called and waited for 25 minutes before the guy on the phone finally remembered we were there and brought us our menu.    we were seated but the guy on the phone kept saying he had to go to the cash register so he just stuck with  ordering online.   we were not THAT hungry and we were not ready for pizza that burned.  we waited 20 minutes for a guy who we later learned was working in the drive through to put us at least one more pizza.  we waited for five more minutes and another fifteen for a guy who just shrugged and put us at the cash register.    we finally got a call that it was finally 
4702,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. ordered off grubhub. no answer on the phone when i called grubhub. name on the box wrong. pizza badly done. i waited 2 and a half hours in the hot car with no answer. called again and the same guy on the phone. waiting for 5 minutes before he took my order. i watched him stack the pizza he just made up a salad and handed it to me. i checked with the knife and it said """"done"""" not """"done right off the bat"""" like in the movies. he then cuts the salad up into small squares and brings them to the table. again not right. again not right. i waited for 5 minutes with no answer. again. i watch the guy stack the pizza in his "
4703,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust -dark red crust with black burn spots -dry, hard dough with no flavor -hard core pizza that will be inedible if eaten whole -pizza that will be inedible if eaten whole crust is hard, dry, and almost unnoticeable undercooked crust is hard, dry, and almost unnoticeable undercooked crust is hard, dry, and almost unnoticeable undercooked crust is hard, dry, and almost unnoticeable undercooked crust is hard, dry, and almost unnoticeable undercooked crust is hard, dry, and almost unnoticeable undercooked crust is hard, dry, and almost unnoticeable undercooked crust is hard, dry, and almost unnoticeable undercooked "
4704,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza at affordable prices.   we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the "
4705,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza weighing about 20-25 grams. empty handed. i ordered a pizza with no condiments and mentioned to the driver i forgot the condiments was on. she then says """"well what do you want to know about the cheese?"""" i said """"well i don't know, but you know, whatever."" she then cuts me off mid sentence to say, """"well what do you want to know about the sauce?"""" i said """"well i don't know, but you know, whatever."""" she then cuts me off mid sentence to say, """"well what do you want to know about the crust?"" i said """"well i don't know, but you know, whatever."""" she cuts me off mid sentence to say, """"well what "
4706,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. i was visiting phoenix, and i was craving burnt asian pizza so i took advantage of the phoenix unlimited junkets coupon to get a private dining coupon for $5 off your first order. i then used that $5 off to book a table for 2 for my son and myself. i was expecting a bit of a line because of the other deals, but it was actually pretty light. i went by to the krunch and they were busy, but i think it was the other way around.   my husband goes by later that night. he places an order and the cook states that the pizza is supposed to be hot when it comes out, but it was room temp. for 45 mins before it left the store "
4707,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings and no explanation why their wings aren't fresh. my 21 pizza barely had any sauce on it. all the way through it was just puddle crap. gone. never will i order here again."" ""last night my family for dinner.  we were looking for a new restaurant and decided on this one!  itubs is new....and the strip mall across the street is getting pretty sketchy.  we decided on the dim sum option, but found the brick oven pizza lacking.  so we settled for the dim sum plate, which met our standards well.  but, the drenched in sauce menu item on the plate wasn't nearly enough to coat half the pizza.  we'd get drenched in "
4708,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza $16   all the time i keep telling myself that the reviews are going to be bad, so the $16 i was charging was a mistake. i should have said $12, but i didn't want to be rude and upset by a $12 mistake.  so, is the new domino's pizza worth the extra money and effort?   yes.  it's worth the extra money and effort, but it really isn't.  it really isn't worth the extra money and effort, and yet many people are willing to pay extra money and effort for it.  it's like paying $12 for a frozen pizza that's been sitting for a day under AC.  you'd think that a $12 mistake "
4709,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. crust was bland and hard. tasted like it had been sitting undercooked for a while. happened twice. would not recommend to my worst enemies."" ""i would never buy it if i knew it was good.   however, this is a beautiful restaurant and i felt it was my responsibility to try their pizzas when they opened.  there is no such thing as bad pizza, only undercooked.   i was under the impression that all of their pizzas were hand-pressed, but i was mistaken.  some of the pizzas i had received had thin crust, some had no crust at all.  the chicken parmesan crust was so bland that i couldn't even chew it.  "
4710,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  the other day i ordered a personal pesto pizza with very little chicken, basil, and oregano. the guy pretty much said """"it depends on your definition of pizza"""" which i interpreted as """"well, depending on what kind of pizza you want, you could put it any way you want."" i really dislike this kind of customer service. either someone gets fed up and leaves, or they don't bother to give anyone a chance to leave. when i last went into this place, the employee pizza was making a beeping noise in the background and i had to look up the menu to see if i could order. i was like damn! isn't that a violation of some sort??? seriously? if you insist "
4711,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza missing the bell peppers, missing the rib eye, missing both the short ribs and burnt ends, missing both the belly and wilton sticks, missing both the deep dish and the short ribs, missing both the waffle  and the short ribs, missing both the deep dish and the waffle, missing both the waffle  and the short ribs, missing both the deep dish and the waffle, missing both the waffle  and the short ribs, missing both the waffle  and the short ribs, missing both the deep dish and the waffle, missing both the deep dish and the waffle, missing both the deep dish and the waffle, missing both the deep dish and the waffle, missing both the deep dish and the w "
4712,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking flavor, undercooked crust, or both.  we ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged us for them, and refused a refund.  this was unacceptable.  we will not recommend pizza by this restaurant."" ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30pm. it was almost certainly not ready yet, and the wait for the infamous deep dish pizza was much longer than 25 minutes. deep dish pizza is supposed to be ready in about 45 minutes. it took much longer than 45 minutes to get a 6-slize pizza. deep dish pizza is supposed to be ready in about 45 minutes. it took much longer than 45 minutes to get a 6-slize pizza. deep dish pizza is "
4713,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza soggy crust, but the best part--the crust was underdone.  the pasta and meatballs were overcooked.  the bruschetta was good, but not nearly as good as the pizza from earlier in the day.  the meatballs were dry and hard, not nearly as tough as steak.  the kid in the gray coat with the mustache had no flavor.  the ice was already melted in the soda.  the ice was thawed and refilled several times during the cooking process.  the pizza was soggy, but not nearly as bad as bone broth.  the kid in the gray coat with the mustache was overcooked.  the meatballs were dry and hard, not nearly as tough "
4714,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza with no flavor. wait.... no i did not just pull my pants up under my butt and turn around. idk where that came from. idk where that sausage is from. idk where that pastrami is from. idk where that kielbasa is from. idk where that jicama is from. idk where that quinoa is from. idk where that tzmanta is from. idk where that chicken is from. idk where that gorgonzola is from. idk where that alfredo is from. idk where that bruschetta is from. idk where that alfredo is supposed to come from. idk where that madrona is supposed to 
4715,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. no joke. i would not recommend this place for their pizza. ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. the pizza was okay, the service was terrible.. nobody came outside to tell us we had to order at the counter, give us menus etc. for just opening up "
4716,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. we were looking for a gluten free pizza so we didn't think twice about eating it. the dough is fine. the meat is not so good. it's like cardboard undercooked in butter. the pepperoni is extremely bland, useless, and overpriced. the wings are hard, dry, and expensive. the soda is the real star of the show here. it's like ketchup with cream. the pizza tastes like it could be made at home in a factory. the wings are hard, dry, and expensive. the soda is the real star of the show here. it's like ketchup with cream. the pizza tastes like it could be made at home in a factory. the wings are hard, dry, and expensive "
4717,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza going up in smoke"" Sounds like a recipe for disaster.    we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting "
4718,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. we had ordered it a few times expecting a nice fresh crust and actually getting dinner ash like that. not so fast!  we ordered undercooked deep dish because it's what our parents would like. our deep dish ended up being a thin crust.   our deep dish cost $20.00 ! thats a great rate right?  so we're stuck with this.    we ordered out fast food because it's what grandma used to make.  not because it's better then take out, but c'mon give us some choices!    our deep dish was so thin that it could not even stay together on the ride over.  it was just a puddle of grease.  our "
4719,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza sucked up the broth which was delicious. my husband tried a gluten free option and it failed horribly. he said the crust was soggy. i tried a regular crust and it was okay. the ketchup was missing. the onions were missing from the mix. the basil was wilted. the ice cold crust was not up to par of clams with their brother. the ice cold crust was soggy because it was made from plastic. the gloves that came with the pizza were rubbery. i waited 20 minutes for the pizza to be made. i got cold. not even a hint of the glaze. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to spread the sauce. he peeled off a sheet of cardboard and handed it to me and 
4720,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking flavor, same as k hours away. mine was dry, crust light crust, not sure what happened w italian beef that's how bland it is. my husband tries a salumi plate and it is okay. the maillardous burn in the crust means nothing. i would describe the pizza as a wet cardboard pizza. it needs to be thawed out a bit. i also ordered a pizza called """"double sauce"""" and the sauce was covered in crappy peanut butter. i don't know if the cooking methods have been changed and i should have kept waiting."" ""thought i'd give it a try after hearing some good things about it on the phone. i ordered and picked up a pizza about 1 hour and 15 minutes after u posted "
4721,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza about to be delivered to your apartment. flat out no .. no .. no .. no .. no .. no ..  this is the worst customer service i've experienced in years! an employee gave our casserole a 'clean' bill of health, and didn't even bother to wash her hands. our deep dish pizza should have been 2nd nature to us, but was stuck in the making because they couldn't figure out how to handle the 2 liter deep dish. we were able to order a 'kitchenette' of 2 liter of diet cola and a 2 liter of diet coke. these were delicious, and i would highly recommend not ordering here if you eat here. just get a frozen diet cola and an extra 2 "
4722,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with undercooked toppings  this is very disapointing for the fact that they are looking to open in phoenix, some 40 minutes away.  if they want to cater to a wider audience, they should partner with a place like this one, not try to reinvent the wheel.  if they want to keep their distance, they should consider moving to a larger, more player-friendly location. ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they offer buffet-style pizza, but most of the time i order pizza from the large pepperoni, the thin crust.  i prefer the pudgier crust, because it's more enjoyable to chew.   the "
4723,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza on an afterthoughtos note a pizza never written on and they have no clue what it is made of, where the hell did that come from, and why would they even put it there. wrote a bad review isn't that great ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ""i really enjoy the food, can't say the same about their service. i waited an hour and 20 minutes for two pizzas and when they finally arrived they were incredibly cold. not a happy customer."" absolutely avoid this place it's a last resort for me and even then i regret it. undercooked pizza, no eggplant, no tomatoes, nothing. so if you want something really great like the banhu pizza at home, you might as well try this "
4724,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza loosely covered in seasoned breadcrumbs. this is not what i expected the worst it was ok it was not horribly disgusting but it certainly was not the greatest i have ever eaten. i guess all i got was frosting and not much else. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy, i let it rise for 15 minutes then cut it into small squares and placed them under cold water to dry out. now, i'm noticing a trend... the pizza is tougher than ever....the bread is bland, the toppings are limited, and the difficulty of making the pizza increase. for those reasons, i don't often rate this place highly on pizza, but there is no other reason to "
4725,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 3.75 stars. all the reviews are bad. i don't know if the owners are high or have no clue how to operate a restaurant. they aren't welcoming or kid-friendly. ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  the paella is terrible.  the quinoa salad is better than the bland stone fruit salad.  the quinoa is just ok.  the tasso brown rice salad "
4726,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a 'kitchen sink' taste. i can't even remember the last time i have had this. all the prices are just too high. the pizza tonight tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (i didn't see them making it, but i wouldn't doubt that it was made in a factory somewhere and shipped frozen) and the crust tasted like cardboard. i'm not kidding. the cardboard crust was bland and hard. the cheese was low quality, the sauce was thinly spread, and the price was high. they're pretty good, but they don't stack up to dollar stores from other parts of the country."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the "
4727,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza in a big bowl of goopy italian sausage, lots of it.  their prices are outrageously expensive for the quality, and they get it all wrong plenty of times.  this is a perfect example.  they call it the ""street-style"" but really it's the blandest, most uninteresting pizza they've ever made.  i've ordered it a few times with friends.  the second time i ordered it was with no sauce and no chips.  i received spaghetti with extra sauce and a potato masher.  the spaghetti was still lumpy and underdone, as if the top had been beaten up and stuffed into the bottom with lots of flour.  i should have taken a picture.  the chips were "
4728,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 3 orders in and 4 left. took over 5 minutes to deliver a cold pizza. implied delivery was finishing out dinner and brought it home.  received cold pizza that was undercooked. looked like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for a few hours. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. barely edible. tasted like re heated tombstone bread which is basically what it was.   i called the establishment and was "
4729,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with a molten interior.  its like the worst Chinese take-out.   this is the real estate of stupidity.  this is a must-try if you love little pizzas and you're willing to wait.   this is the real estate of incompetence."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from this restaurant anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from here anymore. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings on my way home from a 40 min drive. i used to love the $5 tip for the "
4730,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza #1:                                                                                                                                                    
4731,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with a gray crust. the stars an """"O"""". the"""" word """"iso"""" was written in small print underneath. i'm guessing the dough was made on time but the order wasn't updated in the system? i don't know. but either way - waiting 40 minutes for an """"oily pizza"""" is totally unacceptable. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. ""after waiting almost a decade to share my favorite pizza with my parents i now know i should have kept waiting.   i expected a bit of a line but i was rushed through checking and they were onto the next customer before my family could ask about pre ordering.  luckily a while later we heard some one else pre ordering so "
4732,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza with many small cuts. didn't understand why so many people thought this way. ordered a bell pepperoni instead of a pepperoni and tomato. it came out looking like a pickled jicama. yes i said jicama.   wrong pizza. wrong town. wrong lake. wrong town. wrong lake with wrong fish. wrong pizza. wrong crowd. wrong crowd. wrong pizza. wrong crowd. wrong pizza. wrong pizza. wrong crowd. wrong crowd. wrong pizza. wrong crowd. wrong pizza. wrong crowd. wrong pizza. wrong crowd. wrong pizza. wrong pizza. wrong crowd. wrong pizza. wrong pizza. wrong crowd. wrong pizza. wrong pizza. wrong crowd. wrong pizza. wrong crowd. wrong pizza. 
4733,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking flavor, best eaten with a saltwater (lime) crust! dry yeast-like substance on the bottom of the dough, difficult to handle during kneeding, light to no flavor, no flavor, very little salt, very little salt, very little salt, little spice, very little spice, very little cinnamon, very little nutmeg, very little chipotle, very little grass-fed butter, very little garlic, very little onion, very little bruschetta, very little parmesan, very little tomato sauce, very little cheese, very little sauce, very little iu adobo, very little spaghetti, very little meat, very little crust, very little dressing, very little napolitano, very little parmes "
4734,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy ham slices and no flavor. will not be ordering from papa john's again."" ""ordered and picked up two pizza's tonight, asked for extra sauce on them. no extra sauce on either and didn't get much cheese on one of them that was suppose to be half chestburster and half bell pepper. called and spoke to saba the manager and he said it was my fault for ordering extra sauce, """"the cheese sucked up the sauce"""". what?! refused to replace. never had this problem before. not worth $45 i spent for two pizza's."" ""so yeah, i'm trying to figure out how to keep a low profile while still serving a high standard of pizza.   my "
4735,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust undercooked  conditions not met"" the note on the pizza read.   ""bad service and attitude"" one star. the other was for ""overcharged"" and """"didn't receive our special, dreaded the pizza"""" i waited in my car with no one at the door for almost an hour while they were working extra hours to make the pizza. again! i was in the mood for pizza and decided to try it out. i called them after around 1:20 they said they dropped it and didn't want to give me a bad product-- ok fair. but, why wouldn't you let me know that or give me some sort of discount since i spent $35 for a cold pizza? i hung up expecting "
4736,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  the bread that came with the order  where the pizza was never hot  bad service  what a great way to spend your honeymoon. go to a different desert island."" ""first we got a cold pizza, then our waiter promised us a pizza in 45 minutes... we were bingo. waited almost 45 minutes to get a pizza that was hot enough we could eat it. loved the touch of garlic on the pizza. promised us a Snapchat gift within the next week. no thanks. cold pizza, no thanks.  second we got a cold pizza, then our waiter promised us a pizza in 45 minutes... we were bingo. waited almost 45 minutes to get a pizza that was hot enough we could eat "
4737,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i ordered a large pizza, 20 wings, 2 l soda and 3 with pepperoni. all the other toppings were on the small pizza. i got a medium pepperoni, and found it wanting with the crust. maybe i'm biased, but i find the crust on large pizzas to be flaky and underdone. on the larger pizza, the crust is golden brown and filled with a thin layer of brown sugar that is then broken up by the bowl of the knife. on the medium pizza, the crust is flaky and underdone, with a touch of cheddar that runs through it. on the large, the crust "
4738,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. no clue why this is so common.   i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem.  the servers were nice.   i truly believe in the power of positive thinking.  when you think of pizza you think of giordano's, not this.    if you think you've tried this place..HA!  think again!  it's a joke.   if you're wondering if you should try a restaurant, come here and show some houses to some buyer buyers and crab houses to some Cooks. ...really!?"" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person "
4739,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.......waste of time"" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  undercooked crust, no idea why the chefs wanted it so over-cooked.  my kid was begging for it so i ordered 'sungria pizza,' which came with a side of cheesy bread sticks and was prepared correctly.   the bread sticks were hard and dry with very little flavor.  there was a hope in there somewhere...it just so happened that place was right next to us.    this is where we ended up, right across the hall.  if we hadn't ordered that 'sungria pizza,' we might have ordered a salad.  the salad was good, but i'd expect much worse from this place.  the "
4740,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust was a nice touch, but i'd expect far worse at arby's  arcadia pizza is more than welcome to try and compete with us, but we won't be ordering from them for a while."" ""the pizza is ok, a little limited in variety, but we often choose to try new things. lately, we've been craving the classic pepperoni, which is why we're here.   we strived to come up with a tasting menu that reflected the traditions and tastes of our family.   we did this in part by asking ourselves, what is it about about this recipe that we find so enjoyable?   the answer is simple: it's the crust.   the crust "
4741,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a shitty sauce and yeah... i could be wrong.   we went for dinner and it was alright. the bruschetta was the best part of the meal! the pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most concerned is that my pizza was pulled out of the oven and checked at 6:35ish and was sitting there "
4742,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland/acidic interior  grossly undercooked crust  general area is a laughing stock  poorly run, undermanned establishment  over priced  loudmarshalls, very limited selection  not to cheap  entertainment....a bit limited, a touch silly."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean "
4743,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza fell well below expected standards, but the server's response time was anything but courteous.  she argued with the husband over who got his soda, and even called the manager a liar once when the manager clearly stated that there was no such thing as a ''light ice cold soda'' (which i followed the instructions for), but rather a pale, ice-cold stream.  the pizza was passable, but i wouldn't have minded eating it if it were as good as this.    siuan $12 tip is no longer required for all our drinks, and we've also lowered the minimum wage to $11 an hour!  we raised the minimum wage to $11 an hour in an effort to provide a living "
4744,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza crust with a greasy crust.  the whole delivery was greasy and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.  the dirty hungry hungry i got my pizza therefore the name hungry.   the dirty hungry i got my pizza therefore the name hungry.   i once ate here and was entertained for a few hours by the sound of operator instructions.  a few months ago i received a call from hungry again and asked if they could turn my pizza ''dark brown'' since they weren't letting me know when i placed my order. since i'm not super picky i said yes and they proceeded to tell me they couldn't dye my pizza brown. i asked if they could just dye my pizza white and 
4745,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 3 stars   i once ordered a deep dish pizza with a sub par crust and deep fried center. the pizza was okay, the crust was blahh, and the deep fried center was good but not nearly as good as the crust in the goldilocks world. maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like undercooked food, especially if it's been sitting for an hour or more. the pizza should have come to $18 plus tip for a truly exceptional pizza. i would have paid more for a better crust. the tip wasn't too shabby either. just $2.50 for getting an undercooked pizza. that's pretty standard for what you're working with. i walked in to hungry howies to pick up my "
4746,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings, too bad. won't be coming back, not worth the hassle. ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on.  the pizza here is above average in taste and function, but like so many others, it was made by hand.  i first saw the signs that a macaroni and cheese was in the works when i went to the dining hall at #5510 lunch hour on a tuesday night.  i knew then what i was in for: some very good pizza was in the making.  if i knew then what now, i would have predicted this would be a hit or miss.  yes, there's a fine line between good and terrible pizza, and "
4747,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with too much fat?  yes, please do yourself a favor and try one of the many other restaurants. you will thank me later."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. we ordered a traditional pepperoni and mushroom pizza, and our server started off by telling us the wrong amount of sauce for the meatballs. she then switched out "
4748,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. an orange pizza with a red sauce on it. is this what st. clair west hails from?  st. clair west is a pizza 73 place with a different name. they also have a fake tan pizza and a lunch special.   they also use frozen pizza to make their pizzas.  which is also disappointing."" ""st. clair west is a pizza 73 place with a different name. they also have a fake tan pizza and a lunch special.   they also use frozen pizza to make their pizzas.    the pricing is right, but it's the service that sucks. they don't have the ability to handle large orders the day of.   they "
4749,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. tasted like it had been sitting undercooked for a while. didn't taste like as good as household name but if they're worried about their thin crust they should put more thought and money into it.  overall: good but not nearly as good as domino's crust."" ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza from there, the crust was "
4750,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust had innards that were dryer than oil. wasabi laden in the sausage was also missing.  advised i was looking at it as a mistake. true story: i was going to send it back but the sausage was so bland it was almost cold. .... ummm not so good.   for $16 i would expect a much better experience. i was underwhelmed by the pizza. it was undercooked and overpriced.   really though, it's not that different than a hawaiian pizza: basically the same but served in slightly different ways.    if you're looking for a truly unique take on pizza, do yourself a favor and try one of the many other restaurants in the "
4751,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza missing toppings or base crust, don't be an asshole and eat it."" ""OMG! i'm so not great at this game, but i promise i'll give it another try if i ever in the area. i'm just trying to feed two people and the demand is on the cook side, not the baker. the salads are good, i've had the pablo picatta a couple of times and the mama bear, the mama's apple pie, i guess the questions is where the bfouk come from. the pizza has a tangy, metallic taste to it. the wings are hard, dry, and undercooked. this is pretty bad news for the  second.  we order here like "
4752,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is not that surprising, but the power outage the night of the feast raised some eyebrows. let me start by saying i wasn't expecting pizza this good from burrito johns. our server was very nice, i had high hopes for the restaurant and service. my high points came when the server brought us our very first alfredo dish, i still can't believe it took alfredo more than 30 seconds to throw the first stone. the garlic bread is good, frozen mixed in with the other ingredients. the pasta i had was bland, overcooked and missing the necessary balance of chewy crust and tenderizer in it's mixture. the pizza i had was soggy, undercooked and lacking flavor. maybe it was the electric oven "
4753,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust was… well, so what?!?!?!? is this what cooking pizza tastes like?!? the salt & pepper on the pizza was perfect. not overpowered by the garlic chucks, and not overly sweet. add to that an abundant dusting of garlic salt & you've got it… mama's homemade. i'm a huge fan and have been for years. 90% of the time, the pizza hits the spot. not this time. the crust was underdone and lifeless. could have been reheated and still looked good. wiht out was the wok that was smoking… i'm guessing the wok master burned his tipi? yes, i'm pointing that out. the price was right, $25.00 for "
4754,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  the bread that came with it was okay. nothing to write home about.   i ordered on my phone, not in person. i ordered chicago style, not pepsi. the woman behind the counter seemed very uncertain on how to tell me the difference between regular and pepsi.   i checked my bank account and it came to $12.18... i don't know how the owner managed to scrape together $12 for a cold pizza and still charge $6 for it.   the pizza felt like it had been sitting out for a few hours ... like it had been sitting under a cheap coat for a few hours ... like it had been sitting out for a few hours ... like it had "
4755,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. - had to throw away the taste buds. - felt incredibly shortchanged. - isn't terrible, just not that great, and not to the same standard as charcuterie either."" ""when i got home to eat it, which was pretty standard, but then i opened the box to find that their crust wasn't even great. it was chunky, hard, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the pizza was ok, the entrees were bland, and the glaze on the pizza was runny and underdone. i couldn't tell you what they were going to do to compensate. maybe it was the high heat, but the crust just wasn't that good. i'm "
4756,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. idk where that sausage, pepperoni and pepperoni got they wrong. idk where that $20 was from. maybe it was all his, maybe not. he never offered a cash out for the mistake.  i used to like the pizza, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get in, and there it is, plain ol' pizza! i'm stunned. i wait for 5 minutes before realizing it's not hot at all.   the second time i ordered, and i got a crock.  it wasn't hot at all.  i had to ask for the cook's name, and it got handed to me anyway.  i'm guessing the soup was made on time "
4757,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings and no parmesan on the crust. should not have been called that.  somebody should have called that horrible pizza the """"midnight fat bomb"""" and shown people how it's supposed to taste. i would have given a much better review if that pizza was even close to what i'm eating now.   don't waste your time eating here."" ""pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok.  was there anything unique going for it besides the name? namely the pizza?"" ""bad service, bland pizza, and really starting to over cook the sausage. the "
4758,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 02 hours after ordering. no apology. no mention of the lowball price. no way is brooklyn better than it was yesterday... ""we were honestly disappointed. when you go to a pizza place you expect at a minimum soda?? you can't drink beer there bc they have no liquor license so if you want a beer, you have to go next door and then they bring you your pizza.. and if you want something besides tap water with no ice, you get a choice of 3 seltzer waters..: with no ice. seriously so weird. i ended up going next door to the coffee shop just to get a coke. the pizza was okay, the service was terrible.. nobody came outside to tell us we had to "
4759,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with ashy crust. the chicken was overcooked. the beef was dry. the spinach was wilted. the broccoli was wilted. the baby back ribs were overcooked. the ice cream was underdone. and the sprinkles were missing. this is where they are falling down. i don't judge a restaurant by the quantity of food on the menu, i judge a restaurant by their quality. this is poor pizza. i'm royally pissed off. i've been here twice: once before and again last night. the first time, i ordered pizza, salad and a sandwich. i was expecting a little something new and different. well, i got 2-3 pizzas and 3 wings. what i got:  bland pizza, "
4760,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza noodle is dangerous. too much salt, no flavor, and worst of all, too greasy. i grew up with frozen pizza, and it was always well done. the noodles were always cooked fine, the crust was never soggy or underdone, and the best part? they always had a great sauce! the cheese was always fresh and bright green, the sauce was never overpowering and the crust was always supple and tender. the pizza was always well done, and yet i still faced food poisoning every time i ate it. the pizza today is enormously over-cooked, and yet it's so tender that you can i eat it raw. the sauce is thawed out and is thickened enough that it's not melt in "
4761,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a boiling watery core.  this is where they are falling down.  they currently have three types of pizza: plain, with no toppings, and with no condiments. the prices are great, but it's the service that defines a great pizza.  if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the food.  don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with "
4762,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust was so unappetizing. i didn't even get through half of the salad before i said forget it. my husband ordered the garlic cream fettuccine and added sauteed mushrooms and was upset by this as well. the portion size was really small and it was extremely salty. my sister ordered the barbecue cobb salad and added ranch. the portion size was really small and it was extremely salty. we finished the salad and ate the remaining crust. her request was for 18 wings, which we got from papa john's. she got 14 wings in the box, which is more than most people will ever eat. we had to pop them in the cavity of the pizza to eat it. she got 12 wings in the box "
4763,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza ($6+) with soggy wings? Where's the outrage?"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. i tipped $10. "
4764,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings, horrible!"" owen i ordered this yesterday around 1:40 pm. not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 minutes. my wife and i decided to get the stuffed deep dish pizza. we always enjoy their thin crust so we thought this should be good. as we were ordering the waitress told us the deep dish can take up to 45 mins to bake, since we weren't sure we wanted to wait that long, we told her to make it a thin crust. she then told us it would be 30 mins for a thin crust!? so we decided for an extra 15 mins we would stay with the deep dish. the pizza was really good, i would suggest the grits instead of the k "
4765,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a soggy crust! i've ordered it a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered chicken tenders many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead. this has happened multiple times. when going back they did not even "
4766,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, raw onions, and barely scrape-able crust. they never try to fool with the flavors. i would eat here again if given the choice. i'm full, sad, and ready for a nap... oh! need to show house."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we woke up to discover that not only had our place not been updated in the last 12 hours, but the menu had also been updated. since we didn't have time to setup, we decided to get the stuffed deep dish pizza. we weren't super hungry, so we just ate the deep dish. the crust was blahh, the cheese was low quality "
4767,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with small air pockets. no idea why they thought we'd order that. no one that we ordered spoke Hebrew. our server was not a native speaker. our soda was flat. our pizza was undercooked. we were disappointed, but we had to wait for the next one.  we waited for 3 hours for our pizza to be delivered to our table. no one addressed us. no one addressed us nicely. and our waiter only showed up once to half fill our water. overall not a good experience. go to a different grimaldi's"" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went into oven. no one addressed us or offered more beverages. maybe it's a training problem. "
4768,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking the luster one would expect on an asst. purchased here: and delivered here:   undue influence here  whether one likes it or not, asst. food is awesome. go to salerno's if you eat here regularly. it's worth the walk and take in the atmosphere. homemade tortellini with rose sauce is $2.50, pretty good value for the amount of food.  sandwiches are $3 - 4, with the exception of the giant pretzel, which is $1.39 - 1.39c.   it's a pretty basic deal, and if you're wondering if you should try this place, you should drive to the location and enjoy the "
4769,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with very little meat on it. we have never ordered this pizza as a gift from our waiter. it was so unappetizing. i did not even get a cookie!! how did this place stay open past bad customer service and terrible service food?  bottom line: if you want a really bad gross pizza, come here."" ""we ordered this monday night after a busy work day. generally a fail safe, as you know what you're going to get. not this time. i got my own pan pizza, which saved my boyfriend who got his own pizza, from being violently ill for 3 days. im still feeling the stomach pain, although not the terrible twisting of death that i was before. i phoned to inform "
4770,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  arguably the worst customer service in the las vegas pizza scene. i have ordered this pizza several times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but i was wrong to hope for that. i once called and they answered """"hold on"""" and just put the phone down. after waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. i called back again and they answered """"hold on"""" again. i waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. i asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says """"well what do you want to know specials on?"""" in a kind of sarcastic tone. we've ordered chicken tenders many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead. this has happened multiple "
4771,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a dry crust. i'm guessing the pizza was made on time, but then the kids in the family with food are lazy as s--t as i am. they need to get out more and live a little...and eat better pizza."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. half of it had no sauce, the other half had no flavor. all of the toppings were small and drenched in sauce. the meat was dry and tough. not nearly as good as frozen. the crust was blahh. i could go on and on about the evils of frozen pizza, but the quality is so bad i feel i can say this "
4772,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings 2nd.  the sloppy joe's dados pizza came completely without sauce. nothing better than a cold dry pizza and wings — maybe not this time.  best of 1, worst of 7."" ""worst ever.  just got back! this is the worst pizza i have ever had.  the sauce was like water with no flavor. the whole thing was greasy and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the wings were rubbery so not very good.   we will never order from this franchise.  we will pass on this one."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two "
4773,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust  wild tomatoes that were dried out and dark green in color  dark brown sauce with gray shaded parts  gorgeous. i kid you not. the pizza was by far the best part of the meal. the kid in me wants to give it one more go, the parents in me want two more. but hey....price is right...plus it's a playa."" haven't been to this location in a few yrs. my daughter and i wanted to try the wood-fired, thin-crust pizza.  this was our 1st time experiencing this unique style of pizza.  it was so much better than the frozen crap we were used to in semper vista.  the pizza was "
4774,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza badly done  over cooked  it tastes like re heated tombstone  the pizza should have read as smoked but the photo had me most excited.  i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an undercooked pizza. again!!!! wow i missed the good old days of waiting in the car with your kids and tv set on auto dim. not this time.   my child was in the car for over 45 min before i realized they forgot to put the baby to bed.  so again i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born. this time i waited in the store for 2 hours and 30 mins before the kid went to sleep. again   
4775,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza.  lost 5 dollars on an 0 calorie pizza.  how does one justify a 0 calorie pizza when the calorie count on it is 261? the pizza wasn't that great.  it was fresh and stayed warm on an over medium.  it wasn't terribly crowded as the kids were inside.  but it was loud and inane with nothing to it but old pizza and kid gloves.  there is no point having a 'zoo' if you don't have kids.  they need to figure out a way to handle large groups.  there is no reason a 20 person party with no kids eating at cheese pizza and salad is better than a 20 person party with kids eating at kid gloves and pizza.  it's ridiculous.  
4776,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no comment.  ""to be fair the pizza is good, not as good as bartender i've ever had, but it's decent if not decent, definitely not over the top overpriced, and never has been here."" wow i've been here twice now. the first time was something like 2 or 3 years ago with a friend for a casual dinner and i think i may have had a salad or something. since then i've grown fond of the place and had many friends there. i reluctantly gave up trying to order online and decided to try it out at brick-and-mortar. i ordered online for pick up and brought it home. something about a bad order. they put the order in the pre-ord "
4777,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza sucks, but not this time.   if you love this place, you will probably give it a try soon.  if you don't, keep going to burrito pueblo and don't waste your money and time here.  it's a miss."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a couple free pizzas to rectify the situation.... ummmm no "
4778,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust. my family has ordered this same pizza twice... both times our waiter was drunk and aggressive, he even threatened to throw the beer can at the glass. this was undercooked pizza with no flavor. we were shocked when we received our pizza, we thought it was fake. but then our waiter came back and handed us a paper towel wrapped pizza with sesame seeds in it. i took the food home. the cannolis are dumb as a box. they're undercooked and flat. you have to dig deep inside to find the goodness in there. we picked this place bc of the food and because it's on the green. but i'm reccomended going to the factory if you cook chicken. this place is terrible. "
4779,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. more like burnt. badly done. should have been gold. weird crust. weird sauce. generic store. not nearly as chill as pepsi."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $75 "
4780,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. idk where that sausage is from, i've had it before from time to time but i guess it's got nothing to do with the previous two deliveries and everything to do with poor cooking. this was unfortunately the 2nd occasion in a row that pizza was burnt. the first time was when my wife placed he order and i went to make the pizza. guess i'll try again.   the sauce is left over, same as last time.   pizza just plain bland. if i had to rate this place on pizza strength i'd put it in the strong side.   it also happens to be one of the lowest grossing pizza places in the vegas area.    "
4781,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. -Sauce: The sauce was too sweet and had no flavor. -Price: $20 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. -Service:     at the table  -Came home to find their food has been sitting there for over 45mins.  no one came over to apologize or give us more food.  we are sitting here waiting to eat.  do they not work there anymore?   we asked for a manager and they gave us a free pizza with crust - what kind of crap is this?!  free pizza is better than this.  we will not be coming back."" ""i never thought i'd say this but i did it.  i ordered a pizza "
4782,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bad cold wi... wth illegal in car show and with no health warnings! ...again!  this time i went to the illegal in show and while the pizza wasnt as hot as in the past, it still had a great flavor and qsy pizza sauce.  the menu says """"undercook"""".  clearly the chefs at this location have never been to a professional kitchen.  if there was a professional kitchen in the area that could handle it, i would be more than welcome.  there is just so much better italian in italian chicago and the area is very walkable. italian restaurant in the area that's famous for italian beef stroganoff and italian chicken.  they also "
4783,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.. looked at it, weighed it, and decided it was better not to eat it than with so much sauce.."" ""the pizza tonight tasted almost like nothing. nothing like the standard osso bisogna that's been on offer for years, i'm not kidding! not one lick of pasta, ketchup, mustard, or whatever else you might think it was. nothing like that. nothing like that. not one bit. not one bit!  well i got my own to split between d and m. the mung bean masala is pretty good, i replace the ranch with chicken broth, and the garlic bread goes with the tortellini. the pasta is just ok, nothing to write home about. i would come "
4784,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings and no flavor. shouldn't have been allowed"" .""i used to love the pizza from this place but it's gotten pretty crappy. they made some serious dough problems and are refusing to replace lost dough because it's ""too doughy."" the wings are okay, cooked well and very tasty. but the crust is so thin they have to break it into small squares to be handled. i also ordered mozzarella sticks and they didn't deliver them, charged me for them, and then denied all knowledge of the order. sounds like fraud to me. you guys are a cut above the rest of the pizza hut industry. how are the pizzas? i would pass on this one."" ""it is what it "
4785,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza soggy crust bland sauce with no flavor.  don't waste your money eating here."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepperoni and pineapple. i can't eat meat. i was with another person, who didn't mind the other topping on his pepperoni. i went back to let them know they made a mistake. i was charged for two more pizzas one with only olives and one with only pineapple. i saw someone tell the cook, how the pizzas should be made "
4786,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza terrible!!we went to hungry howies to pick up our order and the restaurant was empty.they told our table that they ran out of the dough, which was standard.the pizza was undercooked and bare.the howies was delicious.the ambiance inside is casual and pleasant.  why eat here if you expect a pristine experience every time? angry chef, not impressed."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know someone could provide a way better customer experience than this person did for the same amount of money.  if i was a business owner i'd be firing a crew like this as i'd lose out on business.   "
4787,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland/acidic sauce.  this is the real deal. ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  now if you know the strip of bloor where this restaurant is, you know that every second place is a restaurant, and they are all pretty busy.  with the selection of restaurants in this area and other italian restaurants in etobicoke (just go to la veranda around the corner!!) i don't know how this place stays open based on my experience.  there is "
4788,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza (more like under cooked) with lukewarm sauce. barely any cheese. l i ss i w as a guest in now ? that was a great surprise i will never go back 8) no pizza n tatiana's waste of $6 i had low expectations for this place and will try again. i ordered a large pepperoni and kalamata and my wife put the garlic crust. i finished the pizza and handed it over to me and said look at that awesome crust that was over cooked. i said forget it and handed it to me anyway. i cut it into small squares and stuck it in the back in the oven. when i went to pick up my pizza it was extremely soggy. the crust 
4789,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. i was looking for a gluten free pizza and this is the closest i came to it. thank god! ""i came in to the restaurant at 4:30pm. it was mostly empty, however the service was slow and inattentive.   i ordered the clam pizza and am sorry i did. the guy behind the counter makes no attempt to hide his disdain for the pizza, stating simply that it's too clamsy. the pizza is just a warm, dense dough that's been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. they need to get with the times and offer more options, such as the brave new world of chipotle pizza.   they also need to step up their game and offer more than "
4790,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. where is the compassion???  do not serve this food!!! it does not matter what town or state you visit, do not eat here!!! it disgusts me that this is what pizza is made in."" ""we came in around 1:30 on a sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. my wife and i decided to get the stuffed deep dish pizza, we always enjoy their thin crust so we thought this should be good. as we were ordering, the audio on the computer started blaring out loud so we had to sit down and shut it down. we were noticably underwhelmed by the food, we had ordered a thin crust so it is "
4791,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with no flavor. probably bought it in bulk from costco. ""Costco has been a great help for me in my quest to lose weight and stay motivated. I consider myself to be an ""ultra picky eater"" and like many others in this lifestyle, I want my pizza to be top notch. my husband and i decided to order premium pizza to share. one topping we really like is their bacon crust, and we always enjoy their garlic crust. on top of the pizza was a bit of everything: garlic butter, tomato sauce, and a side of cheesy bread sticks. to try to cut down on the amount of meat on the pizza, we also ordered a meat sauce: mushroom, mushroom+celery, or even just "
4792,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  my husband, myself and my daughter managed to sneak in at 11:30a. there were people eating outside and getting hungry. not a great experience. ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this restaurant is situated.  now if you know the strip of bloor where this restaurant is, you know that every second place is a restaurant, and they are all pretty crappy.  with the selection of restaurants in this area and other italian restaurants in etobicoke (just Go to la veranda around the corner!! "
4793,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza on the bottom shelf was over double the thickness of a human hair.  this is where they are falling down.  hopefully time will tell if they get this one right, but for the cost ($15+) for a 6-slize pizza and a drink with a sub-par crust is too much to pay.  "
4794,2,Negative,
4795,2,Negative,
4796,2,Negative,"========= it is obvious that the owners put a lot of money and effort into this place.  it is very nice inside.  the seating is comfortable and well decorated.   however, decor alone does not a restaurant make.  when i first walked in i sensed a problem because the place smelled like burned popcorn.  i dismissed that and i ordered a pepperoni, kalamata and "
4797,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust that's been sitting in the fridge for over 2 weeks w ill be the first time i ever eat it. the toppings have also been a pain in the ass, most of them generic store bought, with one or two weird additions thrown in. the cheese is also bland, hard as a rock like cardboard and cheap. they may use fresh ingredients, but the taste is so-so-similar to frozen that i don't know how they stay in business. ""this is the worst pizza i've ever eaten. tasted like frozen cheap cheese. the sauce was nice but bland and boring. the whole thing was overpriced. i would pass on this one."" ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid "
4798,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. tasted like frozen fed to mexico.-gross -undercooked...with no taste. none. just gross.  -soggy...not like betty white's, but not like corsa either.   this is the new regular edition of the mag.  if you're hungry...come here."" ""the new regular edition of the magazine, featuring a fresh new recipe every Tuesday and Thursday. the service was fast. great pizza, good people.  however, like many other midtown restaurants, this is not a day care facility.  there is no day care for the premature or sick, and there is no break for lunch beyond 10 minutes.  "
4799,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  that's what i was expecting from here.  my bad.  i will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza was delicious but the crust seem pre-made and the cheese and sauce had no flavor. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads were lettuce w three tomato slices..some of lettuce was turning. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied "
4800,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with no flavor. i was so excited to check out their menu when i finally got around to it.  it was pretty awesome though i  did get sick over their pepperoni pizza.  the pasta was good & so was the soup.  the bruschetta was a step up from their bland pizza.  the kid in the kitchen is doing magic.  the pizza is hard, dry, and delicious.  the service was slow and inattentive.  the kid in the kitchen needs to get out more.  heading into the cold, no choice but to wait.    it's hard to tell if the food was newly prepared, if the bartenders are inexperienced, and if the customers "
4801,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bad star an instruction sheet didnt get it right out of the box. the pizza is now 2nd guessing i ordered from there instead of fedex. the cook said it was my fault for ordering from there, not theirs. i pointed this out to the cook a few times and she just shrugged her shoulders and said """"do what you have to"""". i don't think i was really getting the hang of it at that point. maybe it was the alcohol? maybe it was the cheese? maybe it was the order? maybe it was the food. Whatever it was, it wasn't very good.  fedex was more like delivery service. you ordered a pizza, it got here, and then 10 minutes later your kid is "
4802,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland sauce with very little cheese in it. i have never found this type of pizza at all, not one that wasn't overcooked but still had flavor. this was most likely due to the fact that i haven't had this type of pizza in a while, maybe 5 years. the pizza i ordered was obviously microwaved. the wings were hard, dry, and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the prices are too high, not competitive, and they don't care about the crust. the same pizza would be $5 better for the same amount of dough.   they serve all of the pizza and wings you can eat at one time. if you want a pizza that's been sitting under "
4803,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no clue what happened. we've been wait for hours for an answer to this disgusting call center!!!  our pizza was 2x the size of a pizza found in a grocery store and was missing much of the dough, which is unheard of in our household, except in weird pizza joints.   we ordered caesar salad with macedonian walnuts and wasn't super impressed. the salad was good, but not nearly enough to feed two. the macedonian walnuts were pretty good. the prices are outrageously expensive for the amount of food and the service was unprofessional.   we were also disappointed in the pizza. it was undercooked, missing the crispy bacon under the center, and generally awful. a "
4804,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza ..  sharing a pizza ..    we left hungry. tasted like re heated tombstone or other type of frozen pizza. looked at the clock and said it was almost time for us to go ..  wtf   we left pretty hungry too. not sure what happened but the past 3 times in the last 2 months are unacceptable.  last time our deep dish pizza was dryer than a box of frozen pizzas.  this time i ordered it through the free app and ordered the deep dish. she picked it up and handed it to me and i checked the box. granted it wasnt as insanely overdressed as the last, but still. there was a plastic bag over the edge of the pizza that had been sitting "
4805,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  a pizza so bland it makes store bought taste great.  again i went to custom built i got a low end steel roll with white cheese on it.   high end stainless steel roll with multifaceted caramel sauce on it.    i must say this is the worst pizza i've ever eaten.  the carbonara is so unappetizing.  i don't know how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came in around 5:30pm, just sat around and had a good meal. but as we were sittin', the music started blaring "
4806,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with very little flavor.  in the past they have been known to undercook pizza in small amounts so be careful what you ask for. 2nd.  they don't deliver to airports.  i don't know if the cooks are cheap, but i would prefer seeing my pizza in person rather than online. 3rd.  the prices are a little high, but that's the price you pay for going to a pizza restaurant.  i would never go there again.  the food is decent.  4th.  the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the next one i ordered i asked if i could have """"light ice"""" and when she brought me this the glass was just over half full to """" "
4807,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with no flavor. i was looking for a pizza to share with my significant other and this is not it! not good enough.  we left hungry. this is the St. clair west coast style pizza you get in ny and it's not pretty.(not that pretty, by ny standards) but it's damn good. the garlic crust is okay, nothing to write home about.  the bruschetta is mediocre, barely edible.  the kid's pizza is not very good... not even good enough to eat raw.   it's like the kid in your local high school cafeteria who orders a calzone and a deep dish pizza, and then gets dressed up as a pirate and waves a pirate "
4808,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust chucked out by a flaky crust. tasted like it had been sitting undercook for a while. shouldn't be confused with burnt. ""i think i expected more from this place because its supposed to be """"new york"""" pizza and the decor of the restaurant is decorated very new york-ish.  but i guess it is new york style, thin crust, sliced pizzas ready in the display window... but as for the taste, yeah not so much.    the couple times i ordered pizza from there, the crust was semi burned with black burn spots on the crust.  the cannolis were just ok and smaller than others i've had.    maybe i'm just comparing it "
4809,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza - no clue what that is - was a mistake by the staff - looked great at the time - was thereafter inedible - gross, disgusting, everywhere. - won't be ordering from there again."" ""i would carry out but this was my 1 st time having it delivered...i completed my order at 7:00 it was confirmed on the delivery tracking that the order would be delivered at 7:37 well i did not get my order until 8:15. almost 40 mins after the tracker staled that i would have my food. the pizza was cold and my wings were under cooked. btw my wings were fattened up underdone. and by the time i got home they were completely forgotten about "
4810,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust - worst ever."" ""went for the 5th.time the previous weekend and the pretzel stack was out. not only not ready, but not very nice. not very pretty. the bruschetta was mediocre. chicken was underdone and lacking flavor, vegetables were wilted and overgrown, and the quinoa salad was passable. the mika strip steak was a work in progress. the hummus appetizer was good. the bruschetta was a work in progress. the quinoa salad was tasty. the mika steak was dry and underdone, the quinoa salad was lacking flavor, and the maki is best described as 'mixed greens with a dash of lemon juice "
4811,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking flavor, dryness, or both."" ""gosh, i would think this is terrible. i mean, come on, sure, there's got to be a problem...right?   qcfb rating:  where do they get the dough?  they can't even keep the dough hot for 45 mins before it's time.  that's pretty poor management on their part.  they have no clue what they're doing, and certainly no business sense.  how did that come to be?  pizza costs $5, so how does a family of 4 afford it?  the pizza should have read at $7, but i got $7.50 off and that was with no coupon.  so "
4812,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  plain ice-cold pizza  worst customer service in the las vegas pizza market.  we were directed to a different restaurant than we were expecting.  the staff was fairly friendly on the phone, pizza came in the delivery estimate time.  pizza itself was okay, but not nearly as good as it's in deforest."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would. delivery took an hour. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. meat is lean meat, very bland. serve with ranch. my child is allergic to cheese so i ordered no toppings. no condiments, and no onions. no parmesan. no parsley. nothing. i ordered a steak with asiago flavored crust "
4813,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. i was looking for a restaurant that would offer sesame seeds, didn't know they could be so bad. my husband and i were looking for a sesame favorite and our favorites are candied walnuts and candied walnuts with brown sugar. these were not good. we were looking for a restaurant that would offer both dried and fresh flavors, not something dry and bland. our choice was: to go to ny pizza, which is a little further down the road, and which i like a lot, but which also happens to be run by a single parent. so, the question i have now is how cold is the pizza gonna be when i get home. i want a good, dry pizza. not something that's been "
4814,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza sparse toppings and discolored sauce on the bottom. "" ordered on my mobile app. when we got there, we paid and saw our pizza cooling on the tailgate. waited another 10 minutes before the guy behind the counter got around to give us our pizza. he was busy, which is expected on a busy day.   we paid cash and tipped well (mickey bow wow!). however, when we got our pizza, it was painfully underdone. the crust was chewy, the toppings were sparse, and the consistency was fine. not like the velvety white pizza that's become a staple of our dinner party menu.   we split a salumi plate and each had a pizza. the sal "
4815,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. where is the outrage? this is what happens when you disrespect food that was once made right here in the united states.  a sign on the door saying 'made in maichow' was enough to give us away.    we picked this place bc of the food, but also because they have nice friendly service.  we were seated promptly and served our drinks relatively quickly.   the pizza was great.  it was fresh and stayed warm on an eighty degree day until we were home to eat it.  but....it's not worth the trip and while i gave no real issues with it taking over an hour plus to be ready for carryout with no ice, that's what you get from them. "
4816,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza curled up in a discoloured dough with small holes in the centre and not a lick of good pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza, and my total was $20.27... i should have said i was paying with a $100 order, but that's how sneaky they are. i had to call to get my $20 back. this is a pizza 73 place, so it's not like they got ripped off by mistake. but, still, a $20 tip is much appreciated. i also ordered fried mushroom and was charged $12.32... i called and asked for the price of the pizza and the "
4817,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with no flavor ""(this is a lie many times repeated to us) our server was very nice even though he was not supposed to be. he even showed up early to deliver our pizza which is standard for New York City. our pizza was ok. it was fresh and stayed warm on an 87 degree day until we were home to eat it. the guy even tried a pasta with prosciutto (don't laugh) and forgot the bacon. he came back and handed me $50. i don't know if i should have tipped $50. this was odd. they forgot the bacon and forgot to charge it. i could have gotten that anywhere. it was a mistake. i should have kept the $50 and was on my way "
4818,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 3 times in 24 hours in wisconsin. called and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes. refused to put the phone down. manager eventually came back on the line and tried to justify my loss of a $15 service charge by saying that the order was undercooked. customer in for me said """"that's how it is"""". i said """"well what if it wasn't cooked?"""" in my 35 plus comments. she then goes to the back and holds up another pizza. i said """"well what if it wasn't cooked?"""" she shakes her head yes and then hangs up on me. this whole delivery was the worse experience i have ever had from this place. they are just rude and bossy and frankly snotty "
4819,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with no flavor.  we never got the urge to eat it anyway so it doesn't really count.    also the staff was very nice. there was not a greasy spoon, no dirty dishes, no nothing. just nice people.  it's definitely come a long way since then."" ""passionately held pies with a touch of magic spice."" ""a little over a year ago i received a call from east liberty.  they were calling from east liberty because their phone lines were exploding.  i told the driver 12 times no, i could not dial 6 in my phone because it is a corporate line.  he hung up on me.   east liberty is a family owned and operated business "
4820,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza and food in extremely poor taste. i've been to other locations and this has not been a problem. the dirty looking pizza was probably from a bulk order. the food taste was ok. i ordered a thick crust because i thought the crust would be good but the flavor was horrible. i would skip this one."" ""food was ok, not the best just ok. service could have been better, we ordered a large pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots... they brought out everything and forgot the wings! and never even told us anything about how long it would be, we finished the pizza and knots before the wings even came! we where told that they forgot to put them in! bs! and the manager never even came over to apologize "
4821,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 95 24 stale stale $ 22.40 don't forget the tip 48 nothin 48 ""i call about 250 times a year. i have great food, but service is so bad i feel it's time for a change. i ordered last night and boy, was i disappointed. i switched over to pay with a credit card, and everything seemed normal. i went to the register to get my pizza, and sure enough, the old titanium dresser that i ordered was there. but it was undercooked, kinda like a pizza from a grocery store, and had no zest to it. i guess it's still fresh, but i doubt it's been sitting that long undercook it. the salad was good, so maybe the pressure "
4822,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  had to send it back. waste of time"" probably the worst pizza i have ever had.  the cheese was chandler crap.  the sauce was warm but after spitting it out i was left with a cold pizza.  there is no reason a medium pizza that's 14.99 on your website should come to $25.00 - $35 for a slice, not including tip.  if you want a truly exceptional pizza you have to drive to the location and go through the stress of being personally served.  this was the worst experience i have ever had from a pizza place.  we were rushed to the door and shuffled out of our car windows before our pizza even came.  we were disappointed "
4823,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy pepperoni topping.  not a happy customer."" ""i haven't eaten here in a few yrs. couple of kids games then i moved in to satin cabin last summer. i ordered kings of pizza, a pizza with no tomato sauce, and the longest chicken parmesan in the store. all of the other cars were full, so i ordered the shorter bowl with tomato sauce. pizza came in very brown paper with black tips. there were a few left over fish sticks and a few strips of bacon under the mix in the crust. i took them home. i'm not even kidding. that's how long it took to cook the pizza. i waited 20 minutes with no ice. the kid in front of "
4824,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  gross pizza  drink the cold.  italian pizza  a piece of sogli best suited to a camping trip  gross pizza  exploding pizza  don't waste your money eating here"" ""this bad, man. i'm guessing the magic number is 3. hard to say with pizza, since they don't really have any.  i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact.    they offer mocktails and appetizers, and the prices are fairly affordable.    the magic of this place is in the eating. walk in, sit at the bar, and you're set.  nothing overly "
4825,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the toppings were limited and the pizza lacked flavor.there were many other places in the area that serve good pizza and were willing to give it a try so that's what we did.i would highly recommend not ordering through this disgusting horrific cold gross pizza place. absolutely nothing hot n ready. ""we tried this week for the first time and we were looking for a pizza. we usually try new pizzas and seasonings at different times of the year so we figured the pizza would be here soon. guess what – it's not. it's been sitting for over 2 hrs. we tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. the bronze dragon was okay "
4826,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust fried . . . poorly done . . . there's no such thing as bad pizza."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a soggy wafers. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i "
4827,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that won't stay together for very long. i've had it twice... once with only olives and once with only pineapple. i'm not kidding.  i must also mention that the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. the basic pizza i've had from here is horrible. i would pass on this place! perfect storm of poor planning, poor execution, and greed."" ""we ordered a deep dish pizza, kalamata, and appetizer. all of the items had gone missing. ordered back in and handed over an 800 number. thought i'd give them a chance.  i ordered the pizza, salad, and the wings. the menu says """"1 topping per 2"""". i received 3 toppings "
4828,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. ate it. it was yucky. this is the worst pizza i've ever eaten. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a pizza franchise...but the pizza was so-so-similar to frozen that i didn't really want to go there. finally, the place is cash only and there is no window to speak to the manager or anything.   they were pretty busy and took an hour to get our food.   they did bring out their famous mama's pizza, but i didn't think it was that good. "
4829,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a broken flaky crust. it's as if the chef is hoping nobody will eat it, or worse yet, that nobody will eat it at all! the pizza was undercooked and bare. the crust was soggy and dry, with tiny dried chaffinches poking through. the price is right, but i'd expect far worse here. share it!"" ""the service was fast. nice touch to have the chalk board in the lobby. parking is limited, we were there for under 5 minutes. undercooked pizza, no chance. waited 20 minutes for the food to arrive. employee asked us a few questions to make a pizza. yes, a pizza. we didn't even get that close. she started a chatty customer "
4830,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust will fall apart under the pressure of a hot fire.  a professional made crust is difficult to come by in this state and expensive, so i relied on the judgment of my server, who i thought might know better than i did.  the pizza i received was remarkably undercooked, with many holes and loose ends.  it took over an hour to cook, and when it came out of the oven, it was so overcooked it wasnt even tickled.  it was super fatty, super salty, and super bland.  i would rather eat my pizza now than go to this horrible mess.  very disappointed.   it's a shame too, because it's a step in the right direction.  there's "
4831,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking flavor,noticeably so in this case.   i must also mention the price, a lot of it is because i don't make the pizzas, and i don't usually charge extra for things, but the pizzas here are just a little too good to be true.  i would pay more for the pizzas, the dough is good, the toppings good, and the cheese is always flavorful but this is the first time i've found that they got it pretty damn close to right.   i think the basic problem is that they can't seem to figure out how to do an """"easy"""" pizza.  they use frozen meat, fish, or chicken and then some combination of the two.  it "
4832,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no clue what that's supposed to mean. idk what that's supposed to mean. idk where that came from. idk how that was even hot anymore. idk how that was even cooked. idk how that was even come. idk how that was even divided. idk how that was even divided up. idk how that person got their fingers so dirty. i'm guessing they were working at a buffet and were washing their hands, which is a sign that nobody cares to begin with.   probably the worst part: the food was mediocre. the quinoa salad was alright. i ate it. the black bean pizza was not up to par of what you'd expect to find from an italian rest "
4833,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza   so yeah, bad experience 5 people ate, left, later received identical pizza   i wouldn't have left had i known it was bad. just wants 2 people. no one around to pass out food or something."" ""the pizza was burn over cooked. we eat two slices and make up no taste to it. would not recommend this place for their pizza. at the end we asked for a box, the staff make us a small container for more than a half of a pizza. not even a pizza box ."" ""we found this place several years ago and had some family with us. we ordered pizza, salad and garlic knots. everything was so delicious. we visted a few more times over the next few years and "
4834,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  flaky crust  was not impressed  really?  not impressed with this place?  we won't be returning."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour while they set up. ate and then got in line to go back in. no charge since we had "
4835,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza (my sister ordered it wrong and sent it back) dripping with oil. soggy crust that won't stick together. lukewarm sauce with very little salt. this is the worst one i've ever tasted. there's no such thing as bad pizza...it just depends how you define bad pizza,"" ""i was so excited for my sons 2nd bday party. it was aweful!! the host was everything but a host. a guest passed out cake and my husband started a chicken cocktail. my party was from 3-6 and at 6:30 she started cleaning around people making it very awkward and guests left early. she was wearing a lower cut dress and i now have her cleavage in the pictures of my son blowing "
4836,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a soggy crust crust. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. the pizza was good but not nearly as good as this place. they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat with crust so you basically eat what they prepare. that being said its pretty bad imho. i would come back to try the different types of pizza the new route offers and also to see if the food is still hot. i currently live in the milwaukee area and i have been here many times. i have high hopes and very little belief that this place will live up to them. it will be interesting to see how this one fares."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last "
4837,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings - $17 total - $9 tip for the """"two gnarly pizzas and disgusting chicken wings special"""".    - yes, that's right, the two gnarly pizzas were $17.99 each.   - if that was not bad enough, the pizza loose in the box was so greasy that it had to be reheated.  it was just gross.    - the wings were very good.  they were fresh and stayed warm on an eighty degree day until we were home to eat it.  but, they're just gross.  they contain a great many bacteria- hell, they even had some that were scary-like but i "
4838,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza Awful! will not be back this is the worst pizza i have had in a long time! i ordered it super brookly and it was so not very good. they did not even bother to make the crust right. it was just too bland, too overpriced, and not very good. but the most disturbing part is that this is a Krispy Kreme.   it is very bland and not very good.   they do not offer small side salads for $5.50 or appetizers for $6.50.  they do not offer small side pizzas or appetizers for $6.50.   why would anybody pay $6 for a single slice of pizza that they "
4839,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust chipped off the Husqvarna as it came in. about $75 in new food and tip for the '07 model. i'm not even kidding.  we picked this place because we thought it would be good for a barbecue and the kids loved the bowl of soup. it was alright.  our server was really good. she did come by and had a plate of salad for us.   however, her delivery came home with undercooked pizza. guess she spent the night.  the food was decent. we got chicken with bell peppers and grilled vegetable salad. the soup was good. the guy behind the counter was really good. i liked the people and went with the flow.  not pretentious "
4840,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no clue who cooked it, no clue what happened, no one to blame but me for ordering from dominos in a moment of apartment packing craziness."" ""hey sauce!  i heard some friends talking about how great your pizza was so i took the wife out to your restaurant last night to give it a try. i thought i'd provide you with our feedback as i have a feeling many other people may be feeling the same way we did about our experience. lets start off with the good, the pizza was really good, our server was really good, the price of the food was decent, but that's kind of where it ends. our first real impression of the place was when we were handed our menu's, both our "
4841,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.......the best part was the crust. it was underdone and dry. i couldnt eat it. the price is right, but leave the store and go to arby's."" ""arbitrary number of stars based on a 0%-rating from me.  this is the most disappointing pizza i've ever had, the sauce was horrible, the crust was soggy, and the wrappers were cheap cardboard cardboard pegs. the pizza was not that remarkable. it had no personality, no quinoa salad, and basically the flavor of cardboard.   the pricing was fair, but i'll steer clear of this one."" ""worst delivery service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered "
4842,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a taste like it was squeezed out of a jar.  it's also the most depressing pizza i've ever seen.  they need to wash their hands after eating this."" ""it surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at the venetian. we went here for lunch and i was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. really? this is what a celebrity chef comes up with? sad.  very few choices so you better want a pizza, a club sandwich, or a standard salad. that's it. my daughter had the cheese pizza. i had the club sandwich, which came with fries. "
4843,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza undercooked  don't waste your money and time here  it's got nothing to do with the person and everything to do with the kitchen."" ""take your pick:  (sunday evening, party of 7) -the absentee, surly waiter -the water dripping from the a/c ducts into our heads -the overly greasy pizza -the ravioli literally sitting in oil -the half-hearted oil & vinegar dipping mixture on the table -the high prices -the slow service, despite being one of only five parties dining -the loud music that desperately screamed 'we're a cool restaurant...we promise!'"" ""well i was hoping this place would blow "
4844,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza crust was so unappetizing. i didn't even get through half of the salad before i said forget it. my husband ordered the garlic cream fettuccine and added sauteed mushrooms and was upset by this as well. the portion size was really small and it was extremely salty. my sister ordered the barbecue cobb salad which was almost entirely jicama. she barely ate half as well because it was just a giant jicama salad! they skimped on all of the other items in the salad and just pretty much covered some jicama in barbecue dressing.   the pricing at cpk has also become outrageous. it was almost $13 for my salad. for a salad! does anyone else find that wrong 
4845,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, but that's kind of par for the course.   i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers and it took over 5 minutes to get the toppings we ordered.   we went for dinner and it tasted exactly like the last time we went.   it was just ok. nothing to write home about.  the mismatched pizza and greasy tortilla strips are a sign that nobody cares to wipe down the pizza, and i'm not complaining.  the price was right at $25, but for what they were charging, i felt i could cut it with a knife.   they gave us a $5 coupon for $5 off our next order.    i "
4846,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that's been sitting for over an hour with no one home and i'm being harassed by a hostile landlord. this is the saddest fucking owner i've ever had."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend could only stomach two slices and "
4847,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza beneath a pile of turned out burnt. ordered a cortellini, a meat pie, and a pizza, and all of the pizzas but the cortellini were burnt. asked for the cookbook, and the response was always the same - """"well, the family deal does come with extra sauce, but that's it"""" - which is absurd. we've ordered the same pizza twice already - the first time with extra sauce, and the second time without. the first time, we asked for the extra sauce because the crust was burned, and the cookery was excellent. this time, we asked for the cookbook, and the cookery was poor. i got a medium sauce with very little flavor, and no sausage, and the "
4848,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland outgarsted sauce that you cant tell apart from another bland outgarsted. this is most definately not from one of the big box chains. this is pretty bad pizza. go to rodolfo's or milkshakes instead. ""i feel bad giving this place such a bad review based on my experience a couple of months ago, and never usually dislike places this much, but here i am.  i am a resident of the bloor/kingsway area in which this is situated.  now if you know the strip of bloor where this is, you know that every second place is a restaurant, and they are all pretty busy.  with the selection of restaurants in this area and other italian "
4849,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza really bad, the crust was underdone and too doughy, the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink, not like in the past ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizzas take 45-60 minutes to prepare.    "
4850,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. not once hot. btw my pizza was cold. and they don't bring out the pizza cuz they make it right in the restaurant...."" try this place:) italian beef that's why i came here:) ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i were craving italian beef and we decided to move to phoenix, if true this is the place. after an hour and a half driving over to phantom sears for the second time in as an experiment, we decided to try this place.   we Got In... and WOW! this place is amazing! the food is top notch, the people are awesome, and the kid's menu is $9.99 for 6 persons. "
4851,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust stretched over a bed of flaky gray aluminum crust. undercooked toppings thinly spread out across the crust. overcooked sausage, burned orange sausage, and so on were all strewn about the place. while i gave no real issues with it being new and i was in the mood for pizza anyway, the service level was low. if a pizza place can't put out amazing pizza, nothing else matters."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know someone could provide a way better customer experience than this person did for the same amount of money.  if i was a business owner i'd be firing a crew like this as i'd lose out "
4852,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  with soggy crust.  this is what happens when you over cook stuff. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what had me most freaked out was that not only was the crust not nearly hot enough to pass as pizza, but the toppings were all over the place. i'm not exaggerating when i say the crust was on the greasy side. i went to the bathroom before leaving the store "
4853,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza topped with a toothpick. my pizza was yellow/green with black undertones. the wrappers were chipped off and had mold on them. the crust was bland with no flavor. the prices are outrageously expensive for the quality. how is this still a pizza store?"" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am "
4854,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza with soggy wings $5 each - each got 2 pizzas with no condiments - each had 1 ranch dressing to mix in - were charged for 1 ranch dressing - each had 1 tomato with no condiments - each had 1 ranch dressing to mix in - each had 1 tomato with no condiments - each had 1 ranch dressing to mix in - each had 1 ranch dressing to mix in - each had 1 tomato with no condiments - each had 1 ranch dressing to mix in - each had 1 ranch dressing to mix in - each had 1 ranch dressing to mix in - each had 1 ranch dressing to mix in - each had 1 ranch dressing to mix in - each 
4855,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. crust chucks. will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza is what got me through the night. so sad. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads are lettuce w three tomato slices..some of lettuce was turning. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura.  until this date.  i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers, bell peppers, and bell "
4856,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that's been sitting for a few hours. pic.twitter.com/QLrnd6iVp8 — joe's pizza (@joespizza) March 11, 2016 ""hello everyone! i just moved to brookline and this is my first time ordering from outside the chain. i'm so hungry right now and need a place to stop for a while! i'm pretty sure i'm going to die if i'm eating here.   my visit to this location was for work and i ordered the family special. the large pepperoni and a large pineapple pizza with a side of cheesy bread sticks and a 2 liter bottle of pepsi. the pizza was so greasy it was almost see-through. "
4857,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 3 times in 6 hr. was not impressed. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got home to find that it had been sitting out for hours, had been undercooked and topped with butcher's flaky bacon. guess i'll try the frozen pizza from across the way. yuck"" ""Yuck! this is the worst pizza i have ever had. the cheese and sauce had both a sour taste and smell. the crust was bland and hard. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of going to a pizza franchise...but it was too horrible to eat.  this was a sign that the pizza is terrible. "
4858,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust "" ordered and picked up two pizzas at cicis  one cheese heavy one light. still nope! not a hint of cheese on the pizza!  ordered a pizza called 'giordano's' that is not my favorite. it's like the annoying dentist who sticks things in your mouth and then doesn't deliver anything for a month.  the dentist who delivered my pizza said to forget it, it's not their fault.  well, duh.  if it wasn't for that one sick sick bastard sticking his dick in his mouth and drinking his soda, i wouldn't be here.  that's just how it is."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys who make it "
4859,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust across the board. we were particularly disappointed in the lasagna pizza, which was almost entirely crusty. i should have said the lasagna was almost entirely  pizza crust, but i wasn't about to offend anyone by calling it that. anyway, the lasagna tasted like something you'd get from a box of frozenchili. the price was right at $3.99, but i would have preferred getting something else for the same amount of money.   i'll give the developer some slack for the price, but overall the experience was awful.   they vaguely describe that they're a ""family owned and operated business"" which i find odd phrasing.   their website claims that they provide superior customer service "
4860,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza and extremely cold. sometimes we even get delivered by then which is unheard of in our book. they only deliver to the address on the back of the pizza. we had to buy an alboa to eat the pizza. it was so greasy, we could not handle it. it was gross. i gave it a pass. it was good. i waited 20 minutes for the second layer of sauce and another 20 minutes for the first. we had ordered to go and the waitress told me they forgot to prepare the pizza. she charged my card then my plates then my and my change.   when our pizza finally arrived it was 2 pizzas deep and was barely half full. we had to wait another twenty minutes for the pizzas. "
4861,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking flavor,noticeably absent of flavor #1,don't get this shit"" ""a pregnant woman has ordered 5 deep dish pizzas, 2 with pepperoni, 2 with pepperoni and sausage, 2 with pepperoni and pepperoni, and 1 with pepperoni and bell peppers. the manger guy finally showed up and i told him how disgusted i was that this was the manger. he said """"it's what god ordered"""".   i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for 9 minutes!!! to get one pizza. not once apologized to me, not once. i continued to wait in my car with my 2 month old new born because god forbid a staff should ever be waiting in the car "
4862,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza $6 - $8 depending on size, on a given night the cost ranges from $6-8. mock up of the restaurant food with the incorrect price info on it. $6 for a 6 inch pizza?  that's way too much cash for what they're offering.  if they want to charge extra for extra inches, that's their prerogative.  they don't have to show up to accept extra orders, they just have to.  they don't have to charge a fee for extra rolls, they just have to.  extra pizza?  extra money.    the prices are just so-so, not very good.  if you want a 6 inch pizza, you're better off "
4863,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza in a big bowl of cold soup stock.  thought i'd post a pic of the soup stock as it was the only thing standing after i was done cooking.  now, i'm sitting here waiting for 3 pls call back to let me know when the next one is ready.  oh, and guess what - the line to get a soup of any kind is always 10 min. not 50 cents.  oh, and guess what - the guy who made the order wasnt happy.  he wanted a 10 cent soda - i said i would use 0.7 ltr soda - he said no .. so i paid the tab and left.  guy 20 min away was nice but i will never order from him again. "
4864,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust was like cardboard. tasted like undercooked rice cakes.was disappointing not the best part but the whole pizza was bland and overpriced."" ""worst delivery service in the las vegas pizza market.  the first time i ordered pizza it took 1 hour and 30 minutes to get my pizza.  this time i ordered, told them on the phone i would pay cash and they show up and tell me they don't have change for my 2 twenty one dollar bills.  really?  what a mess this place is.  i have no idea how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.   we came "
4865,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 12 inch pizza supposedly from this location.  was very disappointed. ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the crust was hard as a rock. i hope there are better places for """"ny style"""" pizza in the area.  we left hungry. they also messed up our order so it took about twenty minutes to get four slices of pizza warmed up.  also they weren't "
4866,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. after waiting for 45 minutes to cook another pizza i head back to hungry howies to pick up my order.  the pizza is really good, went to new york and i think i may have gone to the wrong i.e. i should have paid more attention to the order i placed and asked about the greek salad. the guy seemed very uncertain on how to explain the greek salad to us both. he started off by saying that the greek salad was new york style and we should try that instead of the old adobe crust.   after waiting a few minutes we heard a voice ask, """"hi hows it going?"""" i responded with a 6.7.  this is where things got "
4867,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is a pretty common sight in the area and sometimes a bad batch of eggsnog is not a tragedy too, but it is a tragedy to lose a generation of pizza eaters.  we were excited to move into sun prairie where there was a glass nickel pizza nearby and dine in and around the space.  the day after we moved in, we decided to order glass nickel to eat while unpacking.  the staff was fairly friendly on the phone, pizza came in the delivery estimate time.  pizza itself was okay, not the best just like in the past but very good.  the next day, we became violently ill.  with the chaos of moving, their pizza was the only thing i ate all day so "
4868,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings and a sub par sauce. how is this a pizza city !! we need to get out more!!!"" ""the worst pizza i have ever had.  the cheese was chalky & the sauce was so-so-similar to frozen. the crust was light & fluffy, but the taste was so-so-similar to old school frozen pizza.  the price was right, but i don't think i'll be going back."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizzas, one with pepperoni and olives, the other with pepper "
4869,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust extremely light pizza crust with no flavor ""used to be a good place. has gone downhill the last few years. i already know their pizza is not good anymore, it was when they first opened, but i was in the mood for pizza and decided to give them a chance to redeem themselves .   i ordered a traditional pepperoni and kalamata pizza, but was disappointed to find that their crust was dryer than that of frozen pizza or that of a store bought.  the pizza was not up to par of what it used to be, but it was decent.   the meatball """"panini"""" was like a wet dirty diaper. there was literally no flavor to it other than salt and pepper "
4870,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. how one cannot tell when something is burnt is beyond me. again and again tonight with no discussion, no offer to try different toppings, just rude attitude.   my rating: 1/5  plus or minus one star for being rude and threatening to sue over a pizza."" ""this will be my last time here. i waited in line to pick up my order and a daughter from school had to sit outside and we had no hot chocolate. their pizza is horrible. i mean REALLY HORNY. you'd think that a place called """"horrible"""""" would have figured it out by now. not so."" ""i waited in line to buy a pizza. all of the staff were "
4871,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with giant air pockets filled with grease.  the pizza is hollow and hard.  it's almost as if the dough was kneeded from top to bottom.  i have no idea how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a try."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.    we came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in vegas in september and right off the bat were not greeted at all. we should have known from there the experience would be bad.   we sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came,  a thin crust pizza arrived and we had to s "
4872,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust on a 9"" pizza tastes nothing like this it certainly doesn't compare to old fashioned cardboard that you would stick in the dishwasher with other household detergents, this is extremely salty and gross.  why on earth would anybody even think of trying this if it was good? i wouldn't have ordered if i thought it was good."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from then anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from them ever after today. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings today. i placed this order at 12: "
4873,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. easily avoid this restaurant. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised by what i'm put in for."" ""dominos is dominos. but when i walk in and order and watch my pizza be ready for 40mins. some buildings had roof leaks, they must have been super dirty to keep it together. sometimes i wait for an hour and a half for a dirty pizza that should have been in my hand in the first place. this dominos is slow, take your time, the better the pizza the better it will be. "
4874,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust was undercooked - not dirty, but neglected with age. there was so much dried yeast in the dough that it was not pleasant to handle. the ice cream cookie had generic tasting ice cream and was undercooked.  the garlic cream fettuccine was almost entirely ice cold.  the shaved ice cream was almost entirely salt free.  the only thing nice about the meal was the use of fresh ingredients, not so much in the case of the wisconsin cheese steak. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingerlings. now magura is a little over 5 minutes away.  i used the eat "
4875,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bucket of ice cold sauce on it. looks like it could be fresh out of a package. pizza isn't this cheap in charlton, and i'm not kidding when i say this stuff tastes like $20 cheaper than store bought.   plenty of parking outside for $5 is a great value. if you're stranded in the dark at night in charlton go to a hotel/motel nearby and not this.   if you don't feel like waiting around for a toilet break or two go to a different restaurant.   if you're stranded in the dark at night in charlton go to a different restaurant.   if you eat here...drink responsibly. don't "
4876,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. and i could have saved $25-35! ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza and crispy extra thin pizza. on the menu are appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta and more.  on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try them all when they opened. at that time parking was easy and we got sat pretty much right away. we were soon greeted by our waiter who informed us that the pizzas take 45-60 minutes to prepare.   we shared an entree sized harvest salad. the salad contained fresh mixed greens "
4877,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza slenderly wrapped in plastic. once cold. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. all over bland. with crust so thin they have to tape it shut. the toppings slid off into a pile of mush. shouldn't have been there, wouldn't have looked out for their best interest if i was there. maybe it's a training problem... a shortage of qualified workers? a mistake on their part, but i still have serious questions about the quality of pizza they serve. maybe it's a training problem... a shortage of qualified workers? a mistake on their part, but i still have serious questions about the quality of pizza they serve. maybe it's time for a change... a new broom, a razor blade, and a "
4878,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza $3   however, the pizza isn't as bad as in past years, and in fact it may be better than it used to be.   the sauce is supposed to be a little salty, but i've tried it both ways: with the regular price and with the marinara dipping sauce. the first time i tried it, i was disappointed because that was the first time i've received that kind of sauce in a pizza. the taste was bland, no flavor, and most importantly not good for undercooking. today, i received the chicken parmesan with linguine. the linguine was really good, i should have kept waiting. the chicken was really bland, no flavor, and most importantly not good for "
4879,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza dripping with grease.  the bare minimum amount of toppings permitted.  yes, thank you, thank you.  now, allow me to elaborate, with this pizza...there is no such thing as over-puffing.  I have been to fancy a restaurant and this has not been one of them.   the sushi pizza, as you know it, is hand rolls, thinly sliced raw pork belly with ketchup on the side, and they generally neglect to put any flavor to it.  these pizza's, like their cornhole pins, are dry and tasteless.   the gyoza is okay, cooked well.  it was fresh and had no bite.  it wasn't as if the gyo "
4880,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza obvious undercooked. no clue why this is supposed to be good pizza. i would never buy it again. i hate being that person."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. "
4881,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust oh wait no i can't say that same thing about both. so what does it matter if the crust is burnt? i don't see it. it's like saying the crust on a sesame seed brownie is more important than the crust on a deep dish pizza. gross."" ""i feel i can say this off a chestnut: that is an absolutely atrocious pizza. literally, you name it and it is so-so-tastes like mold. i've had just 1 good experience here, when the staff was on call. the first time was bad, i got my pizza cold and forgot about it for an hour and a half while they just kept telling me it was too hot to eat "
4882,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. i would come back here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. my pepsi tasted fine. the girl on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that our pizza is still at the restaurant and we will have to wait another 20 minutes for our pizza to be delivered.   we picked this place bc of the pepsi and the scary guy that was smoking it.   the pizza was cold and lacking in flavor. not a pleasant experience.  i would never go back here again. not worth the trip and rent. just stay away."" ""if you love lou malnatis like i do, you will be very disappointed by this. we ordered a ch "
4883,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust had been sitting there for over 2 hrs. asked for guys to wash hands, and you know...they give you a choice of 3 seltzer waters...2 with tomatoes, one with basil, and one with lemon. honestly? i would skip this place. especially if it was a steakhouse."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know someone could provide a way better customer experience than this person did for the same amount of money.  if i was a business owner i'd be firing a crew like this as i'd lose out on business.    first of all i arrived to find a hand drawn note on the door "
4884,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a long grainy crust. Never again."" ""We've been here twice: once with my brother and another time with my sister. Both times were disappointments. the first time was a great disappointment as well as gross, because it was so undercooked. the second time it was just ok, nothing to write home about. i'm from chicago and we always go to little joe's, which is why i expected this. the pizza was good, but i don't think i'll be coming back."" ""i was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  i should have saved my money. person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to "
4885,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  where the cheese is cooked through, while the crust is still pink.  this is most likely because the crust is made from scratch, and the cooking temperature is low.  the pizza should be described as """"dry"", bland, and cold"""" instead of calling it a pizza because it's been sitting in a warm environment for so long.    we stay for an additional 20 minutes before the driver wants to make another.  she asks """"can i get you a beer?"""" i nod yes and she proceeds to show up with a water bottle.  she shows up with exactly one beer.    the pizza ends up being dryer than a poop cup, so i'm ok w it.  but the "
4886,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. no idea why the couple who own the place refuse to put the kabobs on the menu, the order isn't correct. i has a 78 year old grandmother who absolutely hates pizza. shear gross!!! so we order pizza, salad and garlic knots. exactly what i would expect from a $5k/year restaurant. the big question i have now is how cold is the pizza gonna be when i get home. since i'm staying in the phoenix area, that should be no problem. i could be wrong though.   dead on arrival pizza. horrible. terrible food. i will never eat with this company again."" ""i just got back! this is the third time in a row that pizza was burnt "
4887,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.  it wasn't as if they were being picky as to which batches they should put in, rather they were bomb proof that they didn't use live stock.  in the end we only got two slices, both were chewed up and refused to go into our food.  we did get two cheese pizzas though.  one with chunky asian meat, the other with just meat.  we're not really picky, we just want something soft and yummy.  not overly sweet, not overly salty.  nothing over sweet, nothing overly salty.  we just want a nice malty dry pizza.  not too sweet, not overly salty.  we just want a nice malty dry pizza.  not "
4888,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. not even a hint of cheese. tasted like it had been sitting undercooked for a while. wouldn't recommend"" ""i'm just in the area for the day... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. i ate too much. this brother's is not as good as a similar place on peoria... but it was decent. i would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. my pepsi tasted fine. the girl who took my order was happy & pleasant. i got my soda topped off before i left and i got two sides of ranch at no charge... the only thing i was out off by was that i'm glad i didn't have "
4889,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza  notes:                                                      pizza                                                             ...and went to one of the few remaining pizza huts in toronto that still kept their pizza alfredo sauce.     we 
4890,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza , no clue why everyone is loving this so much. i was so hungry at that point and didn't want to sit around and eat too much. so i just kept a close eye on the package i was eating and when i was ready to feed 2 more people i took the plate and said hi to the guy who made it. i said hi to him and i showed him my 2 liter of soda. he showed up and i said hi to the 2nd person i passed. he had no clue who i was and started talking to the T.V. guy about how awesome of a pizza it was. i started singing along to Milkshake while he was explaining the difference between milkshake and plain ice cold. terrible! now i "
4891,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza taste like it literally came from a box. i struggled through it because my friends paid for my dinner and i didn't want to waste their money. but it was gross, and i vowed never to order it again. the soup was good though. ""i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (i'm at the golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). we finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was i disappointed. they were busy, which is expected on a friday night. we had to sit "
4892,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland/acidic sauce. i've had it twice... both times were on a back field behind the kids center. once was ok, the other time was not so ok... the sauce was awful... i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas... my socks stayed tightly in tact. i've given plenty of thought to where i can go for a pizza. i used to live in the milwaukee area and had a hard time figuring out how to go about ordering a pizza. i wanted a pizza, not a hard candy!!! i ended up going to little joe's pizza, where i got much better service for the same price!!!   i have been here twice... both times were a great disappointment "
4893,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings $6 - $8   don't waste your money eating here.  the food is below average at best, with the pizza and wings italian beef that's been on the menu for a while, and they barely scratch the surface of what they're missing.  the menu says """"italian"""" but when you order it, your hand goes to the register.  this is where they're falling down.  they've got some really good stuff, but they need to step their game and compete.  they've got some really good stuff, but it's gotta be really good to justify the extra money they're spending.   they've got some really good stuff, but it's gotta be really good "
4894,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, soggy wings, $16 later we got a call and said this is where the food is. shocked, we were going to go to florencia for a few weeks and we were looking for a little something a little different. we love florencia so much, but it doesn't get much better than this.    we picked this place bc of the food and bc of the flier saying """"undercooked"""".    we got our undercooked pizza in the least amount of time possible, on the same day as the other guests.    we picked this place bc of the food and bc of the flier saying """"undercooked"""".    we got "
4895,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza too bad"" we recently moved to brookline and this place is just up the road. we have been here twice... both times were really bad. first time we came here with a reservation but left very dissatisfied. i honestly cannot understand why people think this is a good place. the service was slow and inattentive as well... i have never seen so little customer service in one place so i think that's a compliment."" ""we have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and i boosted all over facebook about it. i let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place it was as well as how awesome the customer service was. i think things have changed since "
4896,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza is nothing new, but it's been awhile since we've been in the mood for special occassions. we come here for the pizza selection, not the cooking. they don't offer small side salads for undercooked pizza, nor does the menu say anything about the specials, only that they are new.  the two types of pizza we ordered were burnt flatbread and deep dish. the pizza sauce was weak and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the pizza was undercooked and bare. not a pleasant experience.  i don't know if the pizza is still good, not really, but it hasn't been updated in quite some time and it still comes with a bad taste. maybe it's time "
4897,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza badly done and undercooked - this is the worst one i've ever eaten and will never eat it again- this is a pizza 73 place with a different name same crap pizza and same horrible wings- this is why i don't give a damn who owns it or not who owns it, where the heck is the fun in that?"" ""i don't know what people are talking about. being from nj i can tell you this is not good ny style pizza. it's the kind of pizza you get in ny and then never return to that place again. i tried the regular and the white pizza. the white pie had no flavor, no garlic no salt, nothing. the regular pie had hardly any sauce, and the "
4898,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza rustic pizza box with bland sauce and cold crusty ham slices in it. when i called the establishment and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes, i was told that the order was out for change and not for """"light ice"""" (i don't understand why they have to give me such a light ice). since i didn't order anything light ice, i don't know what it is they were thinking. maybe it was the ice, or the way the pizza was held, but i feel like it was put together poorly. maybe it was the pizza, but the way the crust was held together by a single unbroken crust. i also feel like the cashier played it safe by not disclosing that this was a cash "
4899,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. no parmesan on the pepperoni, and not even the hint of garlic. all in all, not a good pizza. would not recommend to my worst enemies."" worst pizza i've ever had.  the water just boiled off the box, the crust was soggy and the toppings were all generic. the water was lukewarm and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. there was a soggy crust on the pizza, but it was cooked down enough to be passable. the wings were really low quality, the meat was dry and underdone, and the flavor was blah. they did not even seem to wash their hands after eating. this was the worst "
4900,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza sandwiched in a thin layer of melted fat. tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. ordered a hot and readys. hot and readys came, but wasn't hot at all. remained cold after waiting for an hour.  ordered a barbecue and got pulled into it's cousin, the chipotle pizza.  the pizza was ok, but not nearly as good as the new berlin and west madison varieties.    the wait is ridiculous even for hungry howies. i order delivery for pizza, not carry out. i could give a crap if i was you. we order here, not delivery. yet we get a glimmer of hope that our order will be delivered.  maybe it "
4901,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with a gray crust. smelled gross. tasted like ordinary rusty crust. the second time i ordered we had high hopes for pizza and decided to try it out. i placed an order for 11 and 40 that was supposed to come with two two liters of diet coke. one we get home we find our pizza has a .357 diet cola. i took the hint and said forget it. the bottle of diet coke was .25 ltrs. i gave the driver $40 and she said """"dens"""". she showed up and was like """"dens"""". i said """"dens ."""" she pulled out two liters and handed it to me and i checked it. granted it was two liters, "
4902,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza hurt like soggy tin roof with mold. would come back to try this one again this is the worst one i've ever had. i waited all day for a delivery and when it came, it was incredibly bland.  there was no cheese, no flavor, and no pepsi. this was most likely the result of the electric oven. the pizza was soggy and undercooked.   the ice cold soda was excellent.   the pizza was undercooked and bare.  it's hard to believe you go to a pizza buffet and nothing but pizza for the rest of the day.  we came here for the pizza and found that the crust was marbled in places and split in other places.  "
4903,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza covered in grease. drenching on the bottom and sides, as well as on the crust. with the price of pizza at $3.99, i would expect a bit more for the dollar, but i still find the whole thing disappointing.   i also ordered fried mushrooms and was disappointed in the amount of sauce. the fried mushrooms were soggy and dry, while the crust was soggy and dry. there was a huge oil slick on the bottom of the frying pan, which was presumably leftover from the sautee fries.  the half-hearted amount of sauce in the batter, while decent at best, wasn't nearly enough to coat the entire pan.  the missing yellow sauce meant that the crust was dry "
4904,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza! will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" kinda disappointing. it was a late night pick and kinda wanted to send it back. the veggies and meats on pizza was delicious but the crust seem pre-made and the cheese and sauce had no flavor. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads are lettuce w three tomato slices..some of lettuce was turning. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers. "
4905,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza dryness was amazing so bad it made me want to vomit! the meat and cheese was over-cooked and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours! the sauce was murky and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours! the bread was edible but i don't understand why people think this is a pizza place just because they put a sign on the door saying so. ""we are glad we didn't go here last night, because our boy got his feet a little raw.  he drank a little too much, and that's not good.  he's a little rough around the edges, but otherwise good.  i think the food will be good, the service will be good, but the "
4906,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza"" and while we always let restaurants know when we pick up, we weren't expecting this.  it's worth the walk and eat well! ""new italian restaurant with good italian pizza and nice atmosphere. their prices are a little high for what they offer and the pizza seems to be made quick.  however, they do take phone orders which is good.    their menu says """"italian"""" all the time.    they do not offer small plates or salads.   if you're looking for a really good pizza,  you're better off going to bambinos or black bull."" ""italian restaurant with good italian pizza and nice atmosphere.  their prices are a "
4907,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza look like it literally came from a box. crust chunky, missing the carmelized saltiness of the middle east, and missing the chew that goes along with thinly sliced raw onions. it's more like a cross between a cross between a dry-cauliflower pizza and a dry-fried pizza. the taste is bland, dull, and uninteresting -- the same blandness as bland pizza that you'll get in the supermarket, minus the salt.  i'm not even kidding.  if that's what you're looking for in a dining experience, then this is your place. if not  stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"" ""horrible customer service. i have gotten food from here a few times expecting to have a better experience "
4908,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust was arguably the worst part of the pizza. i was so hungry at that point and not one to complain anyways that i just decided to eat it. that's how unappetizing this pizza is that i couldn't even eat it. whatever, landlord."" ""this will be my last time here. i was a little over 18 and had just moved into the area and i wanted to try a new pizza place.  the staff was pretty inexperienced. they told my wife it was """"new york style"""" and """"pulled out all the stops"""". what they really meant was new york style pizza and pulled it out of the box. we ordered a medium cheese deep dish and my wife ordered a pizza with a thin crust "
4909,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza bottom with soggy sausage, burnt cheese and stracciotta in it. forgot the spaghetti with meat sauce. soggy soggy pizza! won't be ordering from there again."" ""i lost a little faith in this city by how celebrated this place is. serviceable at best. cheese blend is highly questionable, mine was rubbery really. crust sub par - tough crap - tough crap even if it's freshly made. my husband tries to teach basic common sense to another person who just learned basic common sense, and i had to watch.i know chefs and italian eaters in common space, but not one that prepares pizza like this one. the stupid crust is better than this, common sense should have been taught in "
4910,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza on an absolutely disgusting wall. 2. ordered a traditional pepperoni and kalamata and asked for them both with fresh parmesan on the side. boy was I disappointed. the pizza wasn't that amazing it wasn't even that good it seemed to be straight out of a cheese plate. nerve-racking pizza.    i found it refreshing that the staff worked as a team and showed great hospitality. i would come back to this place again if given the choice.   it's a shame too, because it's just down the road and has great pizza nearby."" ""if i could i could give this 0 stars i would.  not only because of the food, but also because of "
4911,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. drench it in barbecue sauce. the crust was underdone and dry. not sure why the two drivers that delivered it thought it was going to be so good, but the sauce was too thick and the cheese was missing.  i would come back to try the stuffed deep dish pizza again and again. the kid in the front is always chopping up vegetables and i thought the pizza was going to be so good i would come back again and try it out too. the prices are a great value and i have never seen them go up for such a simple dish. they have to shell out for the pizza because their menu is so small. they only have one size pizza. large pepperoni with small peppers. medium pepperoni with large peppers "
4912,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza.   took 30 minutes to get an undercooked pizza.  not happy.  ""i was so hungry after work i decided to order a pizza a pie. nothing too crazy. a red pizza by my definition is a pizza with red sauce on it. not this time.  this is so not hot.  not enough char to coat the crust, not enough fat to keep it warm through the meal.  oh and they got it wrong twice.  once with the sauce and once without it.  i don't know how they stay in business.  time for me to give some of the other places a tryk LLC."" ""pass this place- the food and service here were awful.  "
4913,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza stretched on a bed of lettuce, tomato, and sometimes basil. my husband tried a linguine and it was obviously not good enough. he ordered a red, white, and blue pasta with white sauce. the pasta had no sauce and was obviously not made in house. the linguine was okay. my son ordered a pesto pasta with penne and came home with a cold soup that was heavily seasoned. my daughter ordered a meat sauce and came home with a fork floating in the soup. she tried a pesto and it gave her a soggy crust. my son tried a pasta that was obviously not his favorite, and it gave him a soggy crust. he asked for a knife and fork and when given one, he only "
4914,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that's had oil added to it along with other chemicals. this leads me to believe that the owner/chef was not up on his meds for some reason.   also, how does a pizza qualify as fresh if the crust is soggy and the cheese is dark brown?   all in all, not really fresh.   however, this place is not really for kids. it seems to be geared more towards adults than kids.   we had a child-friendly pizza (i.e., no frills), which we shared.  it was okay.  it didn't come to as much as a pepsi, but it was enough to keep us going.    "
4915,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza missing its toppings was one of the worst experiences i've had at a pizza restaurant . we weren't even hungry , we were more than welcome to continue eating whatever we wanted . being from new jersey, we know and appreciate good pizza...this was awful. the pizza was undercooked and bare. we won't be returning."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa john's delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa john's  delivery was "
4916,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. crust so thin they have to cut it into small squares. i've ordered this same wrap twice, both times were burnt. once as a gift for my father in law who is arthritis prone and once as a birthday present for himself. his pizza always had a good chew to it, not this time. this is why they call it the ""rustic north."" it must   you must try this at least once!  it's not even worth the trip, not if you're allergic to anything."" ""i've ordered this food numerous times and it never fails to disappoint.  the sushi pizza is fresh and cooked to order, while the shiso-based sushi rolls are not at all what i expected.  "
4917,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with salt at the bottom, no real yeast, and not much flavor. i first went in at noon for a visit and at some point they started getting house calls and deliveries were taking a little longer than expected. we eventually got a hold of the manager and he was kind enough to send over some writing samples and guidance on how to make the pizza. the pizza was okay, not up to par of what you would expect to find from an italian resto in toronto, but it was decent. the service was slow and inattentive and the decor is worn. maybe i'll try again, maybe not."" ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, "
4918,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza too bad...will never eat that again"" tastes like old socks and corn cob ashtrays. used to be plain ice cold cardboard too, but i think the pizza game has changed. i used to like the pizza from here, but it's definitely not the same.  i used to get my pizza from here all the time with no complaints, but i've definitely found their pizza deficient. they really need to work on the crust. the last time i ordered was with no complaints, and i was told by the cook that the crust was at fault. guess i'll try the 'doughy new born' pizza. the dough is supposed to be warm when formed, but the crust was room temp. today it was "
4919,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza, no joke. we've been here twice now. the first time was something like 1/2 good pizza and 1/2 bad. i'm not kidding. i could have fed 2 more people. imagine my surprise when i received a call the next day saying that our pizza was ruined. guess i'll have to try a different brand.  if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be ruined. you might starve."" ""golly, i would tell people not to go here. i simply ask for four pizzas, two with pepperoni, one with olives, and one with pineapple. they gave me only two pizz "
4920,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings, DH was overcooked and gave up after about 30mins. heave a sigh of relief when i checked my watch. it was only 20mins. so we will have to wait for the second cook. second cook:   1/2 chicken, 1/2 steak, 1/4 green pepper, 1/4 yellow pepper, 1/8 cheddar, 1/4 blue cheese, 1/2 flatbread, 1 half pint glass of port, 1 spade and 1 half litre of pepsi. a half pint glass of port costs $1.40 CAD and we have found it necessary to replace it halfway through the month when delivered to our door.   the steak "
4921,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i ordered a large pepperoni and kalamata pizza, and my special ordered onion rings. the pizza came out covered in pepperoni, and i later received a small pizza with plenty of sauce. the kalamata pizza i received had no sauce, and the crust was stale. i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour while they prepped the lines for the customer. my pizza finally arrived in the back and i was greeted by an employee that was rude and condescending.   the pizza i received was super fatty and had no flavor. you'd think that a place called """"pine "
4922,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza frozen on the table and we had to wait for the cook to put it in the oven.  we waited and waited for the cook to put the food in the oven.  again! we had our pizza ready and waited for over 45 min before the cook got around to give us our pizza slices.  again! we had our pizza ready and waited for over 45 min before the cook got around to give us our pizza slices.  again! we had our pizza ready and waited for over 45 min before the cook got around to give us our pizza slices.  again! we had our pizza ready and waited for over 45 min before the cook got around to give us our pizza slices.  again! we had our pizza ready and waited for 
4923,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza underneath a layer of frozen General Tso's named after an executive chef on a limited quantity. covered in kitchen sink. stared at it for 45 mins before i could take a pizza (i would imagine the chef thought the pizza was too hard) and another 20 mins went by and no order. eater reached for the cash register and i remember him saying """"let's get that out"""" again. again. i stood there and watched the employee put the other pizza in the oven. i said """"look at that pizza, it's not even cooked!"""" i said """"well it's not glazed, it's not even shaped like a pizza! it's horribly undercooked! and with the crust so thin i couldn't even cut a slice. "
4924,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy crust. i had high hopes for this place and will be re-evaluating my decision-making there."" ""update:  i revisited the place today because i thought i'd give them a second chance, after all they are just opening.  their problem is that they haven't figured out how to do a wood-fired, thin-crust pizza.  while the toppings are very good, their pizza is greatly diminished because their crust isn't right.  great wood-fired crust should be a bit crisp on the bottom--but not burnt.  theirs is soggy.  i first went in during the evening.  this time i went in at lunch time.  there was a "
4925,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. will not be ordering from nunzio's again."" what to say about this place didn't really get a try the pizza too much after waiting 40 minutes for the same thing they made it. tasted weird. this is pretty bad pizza. we ordered it because it could be delivered to hotel  ...tastes like cardboard very light on toppings...i would never order again. i think it might be frozen digorno. the salads are good and we have had the pablo picasso a couple of times. ""this review is based my latest experience. i have always ordered from magura, mostly satisfied with my orders. i ordered hawaiian pizza with bell peppers and fingers. now magura is a little over "
4926,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza where the crust was underdone and the cheese was missing. had to send it back. - this is where they are falling down. i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying """"sorry, we're busy"""". i explained how busy i was, and she just shrugs.   the second time i tried to order a pizza, she put me on hold to tell them the story of how we just moved in.   the second time i ordered, what i expected, the cheese blow out all over the crust and didn't even get a cookie.    the price is right, but i don't think it "
4927,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a long thin crust.   this is where they are falling down.  hopefully time will tell if they get this one right, but for the cost ($15+) for a 6-slize pizza and a drink, i'd expect a much better experience here.  "
4928,2,Negative,
4929,2,Negative,
4930,2,Negative,"========= it is obvious that the owners put a lot of money and effort into this place.  it is very nice inside.  the seating is comfortable and well decorated.   however, decor alone does not a restaurant make.  when i first walked in i sensed a problem because the place smelled like burned popcorn.  i dismissed that and i ordered a pepperoni, kalamata and mushroom pizza.  pretty standard.  "
4931,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. tasted like it had been sitting undercooked for a while.moved up from negative star to 1, perhaps1,- because of this. ""...the pizza is good, a little limited in variety, but that is the traditional thing, i guess. does not feel very welcoming or comfortable to sit in but we often enjoy the take out."" ""poor service.i waited an hour and 20 minutes for two pizzas, one pep bestest the other a cheese bestest. both pizzas were cold and tasted like they had been sitting undercooked for a while. undercooked. i had high hopes for this place, and will give it another chance."" ""if i could give this 0 stars i would.  "
4932,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza covered in grease and smeared with condiments. loved the smile on her face as we were shoveling out snow. i wish i could give this 5 stars instead of 2 because i feel i could give it 2 stars instead of 1. overall not very good pizza. if you want italian then this is your place. if you want italian, you better go to la veranda around the corner. happy hunting!"" ""i feel i can say this sucks under new management.   review:  italian beef sandwich $6 - get it with two slices of cheese, two sides and a sauce.  the meat was super chewy, very much like a beef jerky. the bread was bland, the veggies were wil "
4933,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza often with missing crust! if you're wondering if you should try this place then you should drive to the location and enjoy the food. don't wait for your pizza to be delivered. you might starve."" really bad experience here. went in at 6pm for a drink and asked about dueling pianos. they start @ 8pm. ok. we had two drinks and were hungry. asked if we could get pizza from across the way and bring in. yes that was fine. get your hand stamped so u can come back in. we got pizza (worst ever) and were then told we could not bring it in. had to sit outside and they were closing the bar for half an hour while they set up. ate and then "
4934,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza piping hot, burned the edges , no words  just looks gross    i waited 20 minutes for a delivery man who then stayed at the counter and i bumped into him a second time when he was emptying the dishwasher.  he asked what we were drinking and i showed him our menu.  he froze up and i had to repeat the question.  so i went to the cash register and showed him my hand again.  he again froze up and i had to repeat the question.  so i went to the dry-erase board and showed him my hand again.  he again stuck duct taped to the ceiling up in the back and duct taped it shut.  i went to the beer cooler and showed him my "
4935,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza badly done. i was shocked when i received the call that everything was toast. i was woken up by the same voice that answered the phone that morning, the same one who said sorry i can't help with the pizza, i'm just busy.   i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour while the same person who answered the phone that morning was heard just outside the unlocked door. again! i was in for just a few more minutes than i needed before the person i spoke too stepped outside and was just milling around talking to himself. again! i was in for just a few more minutes than i needed before the person i spoke too stepped outside and was just milling around talking to "
4936,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a vinegar/mayo/lime sauce on it. i've been to other locations and this has never been a problem. ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked and frankly gross.  my husband, myself and my daughter could not eat it.  we even thew out our leftovers the moment we got home.  they are doing chicago style pizza a disservice.  the chopped salad was delicious.  the mozzarella triangles were great.  the wait for a table was minimal.  the wait for the "
4937,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza sucks) and it's even worse when the crust is burnt.  this is where the neighbors are helping me.  i saw a man in his sixties cleaning around another property and he had on a gray coat and was carrying a soup can.  he had on a straw hat and was carrying a meat cleaver.  i took the food home.  my husband arrived home with a hand crusted pizza.  i shook it out and handed it to him, hoping that he'd like it.  he licked it and passed it to me, saying ""take two"" and pointing to the right.  i took one less slice and handed it to him, hoping that he'd at least try it.  he tried the "
4938,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza seems to come in very rarely here, since the opening, and we haven't seen this on an ordered pizza in a couple of months.   on yelp i read about the long wait times so i planned to try the frozen pizza when it came out. at that time parking was easy and we got some food in less than 10 min.   we paid our expensive tab and were on our way. less than 5 min later we were on our way again. this time the pizza was much better and we were thankful we didn't pay for it yet.   we eventually got a hold of the manager and he apologized to us and to the wait staff. he also promised us more space in the near future. "
4939,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. was rushed to deliver it then got a soggy medium pan pizza. sub par pizza. if you want italian skip this and go to la veranda around the corner."" pretty run of the mill bad pizza. tasted like re heated tombstone or other home made. but the place was clean and the guy behind the counter seemed ok. ""bad service, bland pizza, and really overpriced. the whole night, we only saw our waitress maybe 3 times (not even busy, like four tables out of the whole place had people). with the pizza, there wasn't any pazzaz to it... very bland. and lastly; with two people and no appetizers or alcohol, the bill ended up being about $ "
4940,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking flavor, taste, or both. i was shocked when i received my pizza. it did not meet the expectations of the brand and the quantity. for $16 i would expect a little salt and pepper in there, but not this much.  a little goes a long way, and this will be my last time here.  good luck!"" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a "
4941,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with missing crust. - missing toasted bread crust. - raw cheese soup that was super bland. - bread crumbs under the sink. - very few condiments. - bread that was stale. - not a mistake.  - sub-par execution.  - would not recommend to my worst enemies."" worst customer service ever ! we had a very bad experience a few weeks ago. we decided to order fresh pizza and wings online. everything went wrong. we called in to order, the kid on the phone started crying and apologising for the inconvenience. we told the kid we were ordering pizza and wings and he just shook his head to the side and started laughing. so we continued to wait. "
4942,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  nothing better than a great pizza!  i know the place and have been there many times, but the past 3 times in the last 2 months are unacceptable. first time was a bit of a miss because they forgot to put the garlic crust on, i had ordered a pepperoni and kalamata and the pasta """"well i guess it is a pizza, not sure"""" but the sauce was so bland it was almost saltwater tasting. this time i ordered a pizza with extra sauce, no relish, and was told by the server that the ""additional sauce"" was on the side.  now, i'm sitting here waiting for three hours for my pizza to be delivered which is unheard of in this part of the country "
4943,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza and sub-par toppings left a bad taste in my mouth.  when i talked to the cook about it he was fairly straightforward. he said that the pizza was on the greasy side, but that it wasn't as bad as some other reviews had it. he also said that the toppings were pretty standard. i liked the fact that the pizza was well done, had good depth, and was well done with no obvious chipping. overall a pretty good pizza.   is baldwin street actually good?"" ""we ordered this monday night after a busy work day, around 10:30 pm.  it was around 11:30 pm and already there was smoke coming out of the oven.  it took over 5 "
4944,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust had dark brown crust with black burn spots on the crust. the center was bare. with the price of $16 for a 6-slize pizza and cold crusty ham slices in the $10-$18 range, i'd expect a much better experience if i ordered from this location.   i ordered a floretto pizza with a starter made fresh spinach salad. the salad was nice but a little on the small side and lacking in variety. the pizza was okay. cooked in the open with no prep. had good flavor. but overall, not great."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is now getting 10/hr. i know someone could provide a way better "
4945,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust on an otherwise passable pizza.  the toppings were decent, mostly pepperoni and mushroom, with a few sweet treats thrown in for good measure. the atmosphere inside is very well decorated, with high chair backsides and private booths for small talk.   i for one i will never go to this pizza again, i would rather go to the silverado chili, or the black roof.   i think the critical factor here is the customer base.  i have long been a meat eater, and while i still tend to enjoy the bone-in meat, there is no denying the fact that the taste is just bland, and totally uninteresting -- totally lacking in the sort of flavour punch that makes a good "
4946,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with a gray crust means it was cooked when delivered, not fresh. crust is light crust, not like in a woodfired pizza. i got this exact pizza when i was on vacation in phoenix, driving down the road to one of the many strip malls that are open 24/7. i picked up my order and was on my way when a deep burnt discoloration on the crust indicated it had been sitting out for a while, probably overnight. the pizza was ok, not the best but it's better than nothing. ""this is the worst pizza i've ever had.  the meat is bland, the cheese is chalky, and the sauce tastes like the grocery store's ''sauce bar.'' the whole thing "
4947,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with very little flavor. i can't eat it. i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. i ordered a chicken wrap with a side of cheesy bread sticks and a 2 liter bottle of pepsi. the pizza was huge. i ordered a 2 piece, and they told me it was only 1 slice. i had to ask for a 2 l of dip for my 1 l of dip.  i got a """"soda pop"""" of about 4 drops of dip for 33 cents. i tried to keep track of my 2 liter of dip by writing it down on a piece of plastic wrap and putting it in the mail. i got a call the next day saying that their computer "
4948,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  some people calling it a pizza because it seems to have been sitting out for a while was a mistake. i also ordered mozarella sticks and they didn't deliver them, they sent me a food safety label which i opened and read. the food safety label said """"if you eat this, you are doing so at your own risk"""" which i considered a compliment as i have dealt with food from here before. the glaze on the pizza was nice. it didn't taste like frozen pancake batter. probably the best thing about the meal was the caesar salad. the caesar was fresh tasting and very good. the sloppy joe's bread got dinged up and i had to redo the order. the sloppy joe "
4949,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland/acidic sauce. i'm not kidding. imagine a pizza with nothing in it but water and salt. not pretty. imagine if that was your only choice. not pretty.   we order pizza with bell peppers, which is standard. we get 2 with 1 with 1 head and 1 with 1 head with 1 neck. standard. pizza comes out with bell peppers all chopped into small rings. not like in the olden days when they'd get them fresh off the grinder. they're pretty good. i get them with only 1 head and 1 tail. the heads are hard and dry with no flavor. the tails are tough and dry with no flavor. they lack the luster of a good pizza crust.  "
4950,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust had multiple oil cracks on it which were blackened. mustard seeds had black pepper in them. my pizza was undercooked. i could tell when i opened it because the crust was onoily so not ideal. i should have saved $25. not a mistake. wth saba?  yes?   so yes, i'm giving it two stars because it was pretty bad, but the drinks are cold, the pizza is not up to par of what it should be, and the ceiling fans aren't even running.   plus, who doesn't like a good ol' fashioned gas go-kart?   maybe i'll try rocco's next time and i'll give them one "
4951,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings the day i got it. never again."" ""i was really hoping the bella would live up to her namesake, but i got sick over and over again over the last two weeks.  the same bland pizza, different peppers, and nothing better than a hot oven.  being a creature of habit, i like theirs a lot better than the tombstone red pizza, but it still wasn't very good.    the good news is that the bella is doing much better than her namesake. the bad news is that it still isn't very good... but it's getting better every day."" ""last night my family at cicis  pizza.  we have been here twice now. "
4952,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust (more like soggy center) with missing flaky crust. probably the largest difference is crust, crust is much looser and i feel it has more to do with temperature than anything else. but the same result - no thoughtfulness, bland, and effortless. my kids will eat this. the pizzas are not nearly as good. i've had better. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised and tonight i was not.   over an hour and a half delivery time and i received a soggy medium pan pizza. but what "
4953,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza sucks! i would never order again. looks really nice outside but inside is sub-par crap. dough is  really flaky dough..a sign of a bad batch. sausage is low quality..looks old which is common in the midwest...cheese is low quality..looks like old shoe polish..plus it wasn't freshly squeezed..i wouldn't have ordered it anyway.   whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was terrible. i would have preferred a warmer, shall we say, pizza.   i would not have ordered if i knew it was going to be this long for one pizza and one sauce.  well i got two pizzas and one "
4954,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza crust horrible - undercooked pasta with soggy crust - undercooked quinoa salad with bland mousse - undercooked chicken with giant air pockets - undercooked sausage  - undercooked tofu  - undercooked stone-ground beef - undercooked eggplant with giant air pockets - undercooked stone-ground radicchio with giant air pockets - undercooked stone-ground baby kale with giant air pockets - undercooked stone-ground sun-dried tomato with giant air pockets - undercooked stone-ground baby artichokes with giant air pockets - undercooked stone-ground baby arugula with giant air pockets - undercooked stone-ground baby borscht with giant air pockets 
4955,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. i should have kept waiting. terrible."" ""the best thing about our visit was our waitress. she was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. it was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. too bad. it was the first time we have been out in the evening in 4 months.what a disappointment!  we won't be returning."" ""we """"used"""" to order the family special every week or two on a regular basis. food was decent & value for the $ (at that time) was fairly good too. one night we ordered, checked in, and said we were ready to leave at 6:35. nope, that was it "
4956,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  raw crust, almost no flavor  unacceptable."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a nice firm casserole on top with no visible crust. the other night i ordered methi and it was still mediocre. grilled chicken breast with bell peppers and tomato soup. the soup was good but too salty and a little greasy. maybe it was the broth? some of the reviews on here rant about how blah blah blah this is a pizza park and blah blah blah save your money and time. time for me to stick with papa john's."" ""first visit to this location and am extremely disappointed.  sad to know who served me is "
4957,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bad warren sauce. i was looking for a new job and needed a place to stop for a few days. i called this place and was directed to romano's new home away from home.  i was not impressed. second time in, i waited in line and their computer system went down italian beef stroganoff. whatever, it ain't romano's. the pizza tonight tasted like frozen dry dog meat. the way it was made, the crust tasted like cardboard. the price was right at $3.99 so i gave it a try instead of waiting for it to be delivered. oh, and guess what -- their customer service is terrible. they answer the phone in an extremely slow, robotic "
4958,2,Negative, Undercooked pizza with soggy wings $6 - 2x 1 topping pizzas - 16 wings $6 - 2x 1 topping pizzas - 16 ice cold ranch $6 - 16 wings $6 - 2x 1 topping pizza with no condiments $6 - 16 wings $6 - 2x 1 topping pizza $6 - 16 wings $6 - 2x 1 topping pizza with no condiments $6 - 16 wings $6 - 2x 1 topping pizza $6 - 16 wings $6 - 2x 1 topping pizza $6 - 16 wings $6 - 1 ice cold ranch $6 - 16 wings $6 - 1 ice cold ranch with wings $6 
4959,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 62 31 31 31 31 31 reported. crust light brown with black burn spots on bottom. tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. ""made a reservation for dinnertime and i was rushed to get it in! worker looked up the order on the computer and told me it was undercooking. yes i was right to assume that. so we waited and bingo it wasn't ready - which sucks.  the food came out olives were hot and ready. we asked if we could have them plain sofrito's instead of the extra thick crudité. the server stated that they couldn't help it so they just wet the table with the chicken. we were willing to wait but that climate "
4960,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza  - very bland - not nearly as good as frozen Chinese takeout, but better than nothing - at $10 for an 11-inch pizza, i'd expect a profit margin of 12 to 15%.   the meat ball is more like .35 ci. the thin crust is 1.5 quarts. the deep dish tastes like it came from a can. the pepperoni is bulbous and not nearly as good tasting as frozen variety, but more like a noodle than a pizza. the wings are hard, dry, and taste like it came from a box. the dirty monkey drink i ordered was mostly ice so the soda wasn't nearly as refreshing as it should have been.  i'm only giving "
4961,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza lacking flavor, very disappointed"" ""we will never go to this sauce again. i ordered a pizza to dine man, and waited for an hour and a half for my pizza to come. no one addressed me. i called for a manager and the guy on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that the manager is on his way.   we did not get the 2nd pizza, but we thought we'd give it a try anyway. i ordered the pizza in 3rds and it came out covered in grease. the sauce was cold and the crust was dry. i tried a few different kinds and like i said before, the crust was dry. i got the 3rd pizza and it was done right, no "
4962,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza and mediocre customer service.  its that bad."" ""last night my family at cicis  pizza.  we had come to the restaurant on bloor West, a few doors down from our hotel, for a few private dinners and had decided to try their pizza.  after sitting down and taking in the menu, we were very disappointed - the pizza was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the heads were hollow.  it was much ado about nothing.  we won't be returning."" ""clicked the box, went to the counter, and waited.  5 minutes later, the pizza was sitting there for over 45 min before it left the store.   we tried to call back and of "
4963,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings - missing the 'tastes like cardboard' from half the slices - weird dipping sauce: apple sauce, garlic butter, and ginger.  - never has been and never will be, pizza hut."" ""ok, so i've been ordering from this location for months now and each time the delivery service is getting worse. im at the point that i will not order from this restaurant anymore and will not tell anyone of my family or friends to order from this place. i ordered their $25 coupon of 2 large 2 topping pizzas and 20 wings on my way home from a 40 min drive to a new location.   before i went vegetarian i used to love the pizza from here. last "
4964,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust chalky undercooked... pretzel cut in half wich was delicious... i was so excited when i got home to eat it... it's so good!!!!!!!!! thank, never will we order here again!"" ""went here at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas pizza place and only have two types of pizza a half hour after opening?  i'm vegan and we came here just for the pizza. not to pay for parking, walk all the way in and just get turned away. unacceptable.   we "
4965,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust waseedy. not even good. ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they carry pretty much anything you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  for the most part, the food is good, but the service sucks.  this is where they are falling down.  hopefully, time will tell if they get this one right, but for the cost ($15 - $18 for an 11-inch pizza, 16 wings, 2 coladas, or 2 lite ice for 18- & 19-hole games?),  i would rather go to little joe's pizza, which is conveniently located across the parking "
4966,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust had small chips in it's center. while not as blatantly offensive as old domino's crust, this still had a very slight gelding crust on it. along with the bland sauce, there wasn't any flavor to it. i dont know if the pizza was made on time, but when i sat down and was served, it was extremely cold. domino's usually gets some kick out of it's pies, but this was the first time i've experienced that. they need to step their game up and be a little more consistent. they're doing well, but they need to step it up a notch and be able to deliver pizza to the table."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered "
4967,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza taste like it was microwaved. i was shocked when i opened the box, but tried to ignore the obvious signs of cooking oil on the bottom of the pizza. it took awhile for the oil to soak through, but that's what you'd expect from a newb like me, who hasn't been to a newbery for 3 months. the pizza was undercooked and bare. there was no oil, no garlic, nothing. just bland spaghetti that you'd expect to find at your local grocery store. i'm was also disappointed in the flavor. the spaghetti was syrupy in flavor, yet was missing the requisite depth of flavor to balance out the savory flavor of the meat. i'm not sure how the chefs at that location "
4968,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a gray crust. ordered through the phone for pick up. when we got home we were disappointed. not only was the pizza not that great, but the order wasn't updated on the menu or anything. i ordered as it was supposed to be made and waited for almost 30 minutes before the driver realized we were there and started honk waiting for us. again i got an """"oh sorry"""". again! we waited for a second and a half while the driver got us another food. we were there but the pizza wasn't even hot! gross."" ""call for a replacement cheese pizza!  the first was ok...i liked the peppers and cream so much better than the garlic parmesan i got in the store.  "
4969,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with no flavor.  not a happy customer."" ""i ordered last night for the first time in about 8 years and wanted a legit good pizza. not sickly sweet, not overly salty, and not overpriced. i ordered the pudgier the better crust so that way the crust would be easier on the mouth. the girl who delivered it thought i might be hungry and gave me some house made jicama instead of the usual pepperoni. jicama tastes nothing like this it is incredibly bland and uninteresting. house made tastes nothing like this it is extremely bland and uninteresting. who cooked it anyway? i would have just given it a pass if it were true. house made just tastes like bland soup. soup should "
4970,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza that had holes in it.  hung over with crack openers.  wtf i did order a sandwich?  yes i did.  yes i was rushed and yes i said yes to a sandwich.  but what the heck?  am i supposed to eat this damn thing or not?  well i can't even go to the dishwasher now.  that's how fucked up this place is.  if i wanted to eat, i should have gone to another store.  if i wanted a pizza, not this one."" ""do not!!!!! order through romano's pizzeria. horrific customer service. i was told that i would not be refunded $20 for my $20 order...  for my extremely "
4971,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust chunky on top and undercooked on the bottom.  waste of time"" ""waiter was over the top cheesy.  talked too much.  a bit obnoxious. no gluten-free options for pizza or pasta (ferro's on st. clair offers gluten-free options that are amazing - go there instead if you eat gluten-free). one of the specials had risotto as a side so i asked if i could just have a small bowl of the risotto as my main and the waiter said no - didn't even go check with the kitchen - flat out no.  treated me like i was asking them to make risotto from scratch. so i ordered a steak instead which was good "
4972,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza between the tough core crust and the flaky center.  weirdly enough, neither of these was my worst enemy.    the sauce that came with the burritos was amazing.  it was so creamy and tasty.  the one i ordered today was blahh.  it lacked flavor, had bland cheese and barely any sauce.  it was slightly sweet which is expected in this era of low-fat milkshake, but the strawberry shortcake in it was missing the lavender essential in lavender essential oil.  it was also missing the much loved ice cold contrast in the ice which is so essential in this era.    i was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my "
4973,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. no idea why the couple who own the place refuse to put the food down, with the crust so bland. maybe it's the microwaving? i've had food from this restaurant many times, and it was always good. i give it two stars because the pizza was always fresh and the couple who own the place refuses to put the food down, and their tipping is generous. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and "
4974,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings @ a store near me. no one addressed us. we had ordered in to dine and were sitting around and took some sbarro to eat. all the while the pizza was sitting there, ready for pick up. seemed like it might be frozen so we decided to wait. pizza arrived cold and not prepared as ordered. sandwiches came out slowly in small rolls. one huge roll had wings all chopped up, no crinkle to it. i'm not kidding. huge desert roll. $20 later we were back at the pizza parlor, still not ready. wtf?!? i don't know. man, is this a pizza desert. not one volcano pizza, but MAN does it take forever to make a "
4975,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza 17'' on one end and 20'' on the other, both with no flavor. lastly, i was told that the spaghetti was prepared fresh. what?! received frozen wiurst platter with """"fresh spaghetti"""" on it. ""the pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair. and one guy that was cutting up something was eating. they need to wash their hands after scratching. will not be returning."" ""if i had to rate this place on pizza alone, this review would be a lot different.  first of all, i have had a $5 off an order of $20 or more coupon for "
4976,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust on a dry crust is not pleasant on pizza.   the best part: the two slices of pizza were fresh, cold, and not once had salt present.   i'm only giving it two stars because, well, there's just no comparison.   if you're looking for a really good pizza, drive to a nice little shop like this one, and you'll be very happy.   if you want really good pizza, drive to a nice little shop like this one, and you'll be very happy.   look:    ""this place is hit or miss depending on who's working, and tonight was a miss.  yes, i'm biased, but pizza isn "
4977,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust inconsistent from one person to the next. wtf i did just buy a new home and i needed a pizza. this is the kind of pizza i end up going to macys, la veranda, or sometimes even little caesars.  this was the kind of pizza that made me want to throw up. not pleasant. ""every once in a while i love to remind myself as to why i don't order delivery from chain pizza places like domino's, pizza hut, papa john's, etc. sometimes i'm pleasantly surprised by the quality of the pizza i'm delivered. other times, i'm left with a cold crust on a freshly made pizza. i've been to other locations and this has never been a "
4978,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza liqourably bad. idk if this is the same company. ""we ordered on a wednesday at around 5:30 pm. the order arrived by 6 and was fresh and hot. it was, however, missing the wafer crust. the wafer crust looks identical to the one in the dollar store. the price was right, but we did not find it comforting to eat. it was also missing the generous serving of pepperoni that is on the $12 charge.  the missing crust is disappointing, but the taste is so-so-similar to frozen pizza that i eat it. i don't know if the food is terrible, but we have ordered it several times because it's busy and it came out fresh "
4979,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings. imagine my surprise when i got home to check my food temperature. it was 212.2 degrees. not good. so bad. hopefully they can lower the temp next time."" ""as a native chicagoan i grew up going to giordano's  as well as the other top chicago style pizza joints.  i know good chicago pizza - this is not it!  the pizza was undercooked, the wings were under cooked, and the wait for a table was ridiculous.  we went for dinner and were sat at a table for over 45 min before the kids started throwing up all over the place.  the kid behind the counter was throwing up all over the place too.  he "
4980,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with soggy wings - $17.50 for a cold, empty chair and a cold pizza. that's ridiculous.  - bad service, no one home, and a general attitude that says """"it's what it is, stuff happens.""""  there are tons of options along the bloor strip, just don't be a jerk to customers."" ""customer service here is terrible. i ordered a pizza on my way home from a 40 min drive, realizing i forgot my purse at work when i went to pick it up. no offer to look up my card number or anything so who knows what happened with the food - hopefully it did not go to waste. now, i'm sitting here waiting for over 40 minutes "
4981,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza crust with no flavor.  sandwiches come in all shapes and sizes.  i like the large pepperoni that's been my standard for years.  i also like the meat that's been on the side, not just in the pepperoni.  this site is great for looking up what i'm ordering, not so great for actually ordering.    i try to order every day or two and this is the second time in a row that i've been order Schwarzenbeef.  oh, and lastly...  this is the second time in a row that i've been order Schwarzenbeef.  oh, and lastly... the short ribs are not as good as they used to be. "
4982,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza and mold on the bottom left hand side.i also saw mold on the bottom right hand side.the crust was dry and hard as a rock.if you ate this it's probably because you ate too much cheese.i would skip this one."" ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a soggy medium pizza. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some "
4983,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza. i was looking for a restaurant with good pizza selection and wanted to try it out.   it is very easy to use fresh ingredients, not so easy to make an excellent crust.   the pizza was undercooked and bland. i had the pablo picasso which was so unappetizing.   i would not recommend this place for their pizza.   perfect pizza for the price."" ""gorgeous, sad, and frigid. -- all in a day's work.  they don't wear gloves with pizza toppings, so if you're holding it together with aluminum foil, you're going to break it.   the delivery was nice. they got some serious pizza "
4984,2,Negative," Undercooked pizza with a bland/acidic sauce. our pizza was so bland we could not eat it.  ordered a steak and asked for medium bacon, the steak was a bit on the small side and missing the core of the bacon, therefore not very good quality. my brother ordered a pizza and steak and asked for extra lean ground beef, the steak was a bit overcooked and missing the core of the beef, therefore not very good quality. the pizza was not that remarkable, it barely fed the two of us. it's build quality is poor. i would rate it as 2 out of 5 stars. ""2 stars  the pizza is ridiculously overpriced, $17 for an 11-inch pizza?  our server was a little "
4985,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza you going to compete with ramen? (not saying i'm not serious, just passing on a couple ppl. i mean, sure, got a little pricey, but what goes for ramen ny style pizza ny style pizza ny style pizza ny style pizza                                                                    what a rip off. don't waste your money eating here."" ""ramen is not that good. it "
4986,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza was."" ""doughy pizza with a bad sauce.   plus i ordered mozarella sticks and they did not deliver them, charged me for them, and told me they didn't have them until the following day.   do not support this business."" ""i'm giving them one star because they produce pizza that is among the best in the city and another star because they've proven that corsa italia can support a dinning scene that is kicked up a notch.   the prices are a little high for what they offer and the service could be given some pointers and from what i've seen and read on other sites from past employees, the proprietors and management can use an attitude adjustment. "
4987,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza. i mean the whole crust was cardboard like the straw that came with the fish. the toppings were limited and uninteresting. maybe i'm a stickler but i don't like sloppy good food. this was obviously pre-made and frozen. the sauce was runny and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. the knife that came with the order was dirty and dry. i should have kept it and gave it a try later. when called back after waiting for 30 minutes, i was told that the order was still pending review. yes, it will be for a future order. i'll try again. ""ordered on my mobile app. when we got home, we discovered that their pizza was completely bland. "
4988,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza. boyfriend tried to eat it too. won't be ordering from there again."" ""if you're looking for a really bad pizza, this is not the restaurant and location for you. certainly not the best value, either. for $20, you're better off going to a frozen food store or better yet, bakeries."" ""if you're looking for cheap, i'm not kidding.    place is ok, not great tho.    this is probably the worst pizza i've ever had, the garlic parmesan was blahh, i never liked parmesan so i don't usually go for that.  i guess i'll have to find a new place.   definitely go "
4989,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza please do not support this business."" ""i used to like their pizzas, but twice already i couldn't get in! first time, i get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! and tonight i rang the doorbell twice and i was ignored!  and another thing...why did you stop serving bacon on pizzas?"" ""we ordered after edc last night, we got home and were starving and found their menu slipped under the door of our hotel room, it took over an hour to arrive, then when it got here it was 1 pizza short and we had 1 extra two-liter bottle of pepsi.  when we had ordered, the woman on the phone while we were ordering, seemed very "
4990,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza can be had for $10 - 15 in some markets.   if you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and do yourself a favor - go to grimaldi's."" the wait is ridiculous even for being busy. there was an hour before our pizza even went into oven. no pizza is really that worth it. i've had better. ""not impressed with this place at all!  i've eaten here many times and it gets increasingly disappointing every time.  the sushi pizza is more like a flat bread sushi pizza, so it's almost  like fried toffee when you try and chew it.... very gross.  the gyoza is okay, cooked well and very tasty, but the "
4991,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza' as other's have described it.   topped with a jicama salad.  nacho cheese pizza with chorizo steak.   i remember they used to have really good pizza down the road down the road in phoenix, but that's been replaced by nothing but bland pizza over the last couple of years.  sad.  ""if you're looking for cheap, i guess this is the place.    they serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  there's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.  the two types of salads are good.  the pa "
4992,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza tastes just like frozen. the guy behind the counter wasnt nice & he tried to rip out my $$ with a knife. i told the server we were leaving and left cash for the drinks. she just shrugged her shoulders & said """"do what you have to"""". i don't think i will be going back."" make sure you zero out the  tip area on your credit card slip when papa johns delivers ( used to be camfield corners now relocated to johnston rd.. )  .... 2 times now... someone between here & there added a tip to my debit card  purchase after getting a cash tip too.... i finally think hubby learned a lesson... !!!  papa johns offered us a "
4993,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza by the bucket. i would skip this one."" ""go to new york and do it now. this is not it."" why are there so many restrictions on what can and can't be put in a pizza? why can't i put """"green salad"""" in the salad?  new york has a much better pizza than this."" ""the service was fast. great pizza. however, like others have stated, the quality of the meat is questionable.  i waited in my car with my 2 month old new born for almost an hour!!!! to get an emic iced tea with no ice!  new york style  ice cold iced tea is pretty standard, so why can't i "
4994,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza (wtf i just ate a pizza)) i had high hopes, just got dumped by my roommate and i77 is my new neighborhood. we are sad to leave this bad boy standing, sadly it isnt as bad as we thought it would be.  it is very much like mom used to make, i promise!    if you want to overspend on something you can get better at your local diner...come here."" ""i came in to the restaurant at 11:30 on a tuesday, most of their menu was not available. they said they had no toppings except cheese and pepperoni. the woman at the counter was not apologetic or anything. how can you advertise as a top vegas "
4995,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza ok not up to par of busy uni pizza but pretty good in that regard. ""this is now become one of the worst cpk's in the vegas area. with the prices, there isn't that much left for me to give it a try.  there isn't that much left either for really good pizza, or really bad pizza. they also don't deliver to other locations, so if you're stranded in the dark at night in tomato pie, you're in for a treat.  they also use frozen pizza like at frozen which  is very gross. i've had that before, but it was never bad. i remember sitting in front of the slow cooker one day, and someone pouring ketchup on the "
4996,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza!! mmmmm... i wish i could give it more than 1 star because for the life of me i can't stomach more than 1.5 star.. but 1 star is enough to give it a try if you're wondering why domino's or pizza hut has 2 or 3 pizzas waiting for you at a time.. and if you're wondering why bacon or pineapple is better than mozzarella, you need to get out MORE.. and spend $31+. that's $31 more for a same-aged pizza."" ""giordano's is a well known chicago restaurant that's famous for their chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza. they also offer hand stretched thin crust pizza, crispy extra thin pizza, and more. on the "
4997,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza...i had high hopes and low expectations, and so do i.i remember coming here expecting a little something new and having a little of everything, but i was wrong.this is not a little something new, this is a huge sauce. the pizza is just ok.it's more like a thick crust pizza.the prices are great, but i don't see how i can justify the cost of the pizza and other food in the neighborhood.don't waste your money eating here."" really bad experience here. go to any other dr. du Pont and you will see for it.  missed the boat on the fat lady, the french fries, the wait for the wings, the wait for the pizza, the wait for the wings, "
4998,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza, kind of like frozen stuck in the can. sticks and stones please. i would rather eat here then at this restaurant. definitely go to bambinos or east side for good pizza. ""i used to love the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i got a soggy medium pizza. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a "
4999,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza  you'll love this place!"" ""i used to come here when i lived in phoenix. since then, they've updated the menu, removed the old italian beef and replaced it with the new italian sausage, and the customer service has also become poor. i once called in to order a pizza and the guy on the phone proceeds to go on to tell me that the order was out for delivery and didn't want to put me on hold to track it down (because they never ever have). he hung up on me. good news is that the pizza is still there, just at a different location. go to: east end if you want italian."" ""i used to love the pizza. last time i ordered "
5000,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza, this is becoming cliche but i'll give it one more try and see what happens. ""i used to like the pizza from here. last time i ordered it was still doughy and i had to cook longer. today it was ice cold. not even lukewarm. my kid was screaming for pizza so i didn't send it back. but, i won't ever order from here again. $31 plus tip for a cold pizza and cold soup. there was a piece of """"garlic bred"""". it was half a sub roll uncooked with some garlic butter on it. yum. should have had a can of progresso and a frozen pizza and saved $25. wait, i could have saved $35. "
5001,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza, i would never eat with that team again. when i talk to the owners they are rude and condescending and the employees are unprofessional. please do not support this establishment. 2 stars."" ""a couple weeks ago, my friends and i arrived in phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. we shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were jack in the box drive-thru (no car) and gus's. i'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. i didn't know pizza could taste this bad. i mean how do u mess up a pizza. i am not a food critic and i am not picky by any means. my friend "
5002,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza. we were looking for a pizza so close to home and found this place. our server was very nice and delivery was quick. however, like many other pizza deserts, this one is sub-par at best.  i voted ""dine in"" instead of ordering online. it saves time and avoids unnecessary trips to the store.  i voted ""dine in"" instead of ordering at a restaurant. the staff was super nice and delivery was quick. however, like many other places, this one is sub-par.  i voted ""dine in"" instead of making an appointment for a future visit. the online ordering was good. however, the salad was sub-par. the mozzarella was fine. the "
5003,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza. i waited 40 minutes for a hungry hungry man to show up and i got a cold pizza. again! i waited for a hungry man to arrive and again... the same thing... """"we got busy, we can't help it"""".  again!   i don't know how the owners are holding up their end of the bargain.  i would like to think so, but trust me, if i were you i would walk in every morning and check my email for updates on this and other burrito parks. this is very disturbing for the fact that it is a good place.   if you want to overspend on something you can get better at your local diner...come here."" ""golly, "
5004,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza with soggy wings! ""we had a menu shoved under our door about a year ago and aside from a few coupons and a few pizza boxes, we've never seen such a thing as a pizza from this authorized restaurant.  they are always busy and open 24/7, which is great if you are stranded in the brothers parking lot but becomes extremely bad if you are a food critic.  this time around, we were craving thin crust pizza and were frustrated by the choices on the menu.  we ordered the classic pepperoni and sausage and my father taught me how to make the great caramelized onions.  my husband preferred the more risotto-like pizza, so we decided to try that.  oh, and before "
5005,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza man, it's so unprofessional. lets hope no one has a gofund me page set up to help us out here."" ""i used to like the pizza from here, but twice already... the first time was before me and i gave it 1 star because i thought it was going to be ok, and the second time was a few weeks ago and i gave it 1 star bc i thought the sausage, which was on both pizzas, might be burnt. i've never had a bad pizza (especially the bad pork belly pizza from before) but this was definitely not good. once i got home, i typed in the kitchen and hit enter. nothing. nothing. nothing. guess i'll try the regular pizza. i'm hoping "
5006,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza!!!  that's not just a pizza. it should have read as pork belly pizza. not as simple as that. this is really bad customer service. i waited for an hour and 20 minutes for two pizzas and when they finally arrived they were incredibly cold! not a happy customer."" ""i waited in my car with my 2 month old and a fruit fly. nothing was said to i i just drove up to their location and sat in my lobby for 45 min before the guy behind the counter got out and left me be. i waited in my car for about 45 minutes before the guy behind the counter got back in his car and drove off. again not saying anything. just left me be.  then i headed to my "
5007,2,Negative," Nasty cheese pizza, sam!!! no one that we sat down and were waitress at that was nice, we were disappointed."" wow i have been here twice.  the first time was a few months ago with some friends for a casual dinner and i adored the pizza.  i let them know how m"
