,stars,rating,text
0,5,Positive,
1,5,Positive,"  I will return, but i may have to eat there myself!  my only issue is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza. also, my husband had one with chicken and it was also very good!  will definitely order from here time and time again."" this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast and friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  the only reason i "
2,5,Positive," I will return, but only if I am able to try their brunch and dinner menu items."" ""i am happy to announce that i have found my new hangout! indeed it's a beautiful thing to behold - happily sharing in awe with all those who enjoy the fantastic cuisine displayed here. aw yissss!"" ""awesome place. husband and i were looking for a quick bite to eat before hitting the red carpet at a comedy club. luigi's is a nice place that i will be back. glad i did! luigi's is a nice place that i will be back. glad i did!""  "
3,5,Positive," I will return however, as i was hoping to try some new stuff! highly recommend this place for any type of vegan pizza! ""great pizza, great price!  lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had "
4,5,Positive," I will return, and if you haven't been here it's worth the trip alone.  great bar, great menu, what else can you ask for?"" ""great bar, great pizza! this is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i would very much enjoy. the pizza is solid and the speciality pizza is out of this world! i am not a pizza lover but this place has good pizza! good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""flour & barley is located on the linq promenade.  "
5,5,Positive," I will return! :)"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  "
6,5,Positive," I will return though as i feel that this is a great small business that should be a staple in the area. great pizza, excellent food and i will continue to go back! happy to say that they opened a beall's outlet right next door too so i can shop and eat at the same time! well, at least until they move to their new location."" the pizza taste just like pizza in  new york .  it has a thin crust  and they cook it in the brick oven. the sauce is so full of flavor.  it is hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of new york but this is "
7,5,Positive," I will return."" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  the place is so full of itself when its busy they bring in the saturday afternoons so there is a good selection of pizza.  the wings are good and there is a good selection of pizza.  the ambiance is cozy and welcoming.  the staff is very nice.  a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  be sure to ask for "
8,5,Positive," I will return, but this was the best one so far.    sshhh…..next time i'll be giving that burger a try.  i think i'll be giving that burger desert since it's pretty dang hot here.  but i'll be back when i find something good to try!  yuummmmm!!! ""all the food i have eaten in this area is solid.  however, i have to say that not only is the pizza awesome, it's also pretty darn tasty!  a steady stream of customers would walk in to pick up their pizzas, which was amusing since they were "
9,5,Positive," I will return. try the cinnamon roll cake or the butterscotch chipotle pizza. they are amazing."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing. the chicken pot pie with spinach, the ambrosia pizza with artichoke and the butters "
10,5,Positive," I will return and recommend to everyone!  my husband said that they were extremely nice while he was there and that they were very fast when making their food.    if you are looking for a quick bite while shopping, try a slice of pizza less than 10 seconds after it leaves the pizza cutter's hand."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've had in the valley.  the staff is fantastic, the only thing i will mention is that they are very busy at the moment and are working really hard, but that's ok!  all "
11,5,Positive," I will return, but only if they make me feel welcome."" ""el caso y los meños es lo que lo impresa. poder hacer que tambien tenía, hacer que tomarula vegas, hacer que tomarula, hacer que tomarula, hacer que tomarula, hacer que tomarula, hacer que tomarula, hacer que tomarula, hacer que tomarula, hacer que tomarula, hacer que tomarula, hacer que tomarula, hacer que tomarula, h "
12,5,Positive," I will return as soon as i come back to town."" lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and "
13,5,Positive," I will return, but hopefully this brief review serves as a useful guide to what to expect from the many great pizza places in the las vegas valley.  positive, positive, positive."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the high roller and got the garlic cheese bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...our first time there, all the food was amazing!  we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""i really enjoyed this place on "
14,5,Positive," I will return; good food and good friends!"" staff is always nice and their pizza is awesome! the wings are good too! and so many other things! great place to get pizzas! ""first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the cheef"""" sandwich, great flavor. friends said the pizza was really good too."" ""vegan options in downtown vegas!!! pizza was super tasty and the service was pretty decent. half way through baking my pie they remembered that i only wanted mushrooms on half, so they took it out of the oven and picked them off.  kind of weird, but whatever. "
15,5,Positive," I will return when i am in the area. happy to see you all again, kiddo."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a gluten free burger yesterday and received it a short time later than i planned on but it was all i needed to know what happened. they give you a free personal pizza with every order so im sharing my experience here. the pizza is really good. the burger is solid. the hot dogs are great. but the best part is the little salad that came with the burger. very hands on promoting of the local economy. very friendly staff. so glad you came here "
16,5,Positive," I will return, but only if my daughter is old enough to drink."" ""i would like to to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too "
17,5,Positive," I will return."" ""my wife and i were here with friends a few months back and i must say i was quite impressed by the pizza they serve. they have quite a few different styles of pizza,  fried chicken and waffles are my favorites.  to kill two birds with one stone they serve up the hottest pizza i ever had.  warn : they are very busy and quick but service is always fast and friendly.    i also want to mention how delicious the girls were. they were very friendly and non-judgmental.  i may have skipped the fries because i thought they were giant but they "
18,5,Positive," I will return, but i think for the best pizza trip ever make sure to ask for the chili oil. that adds a lot of flavor to your pizza, not to mention the 2 medium speciality pizza i had the time of my life.   note: that was a special blend of sauce, not just a tomato-based one.   easton rd. is near the turnpike, which is ave. there are a few places in the park that have pizza that is really good, so ask for the special blend if you like thick or thin crust. my only complaint is that the mozz "
19,5,Positive," I will return."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing. the chicken wings with fries as delicious (i'd take a giant bowl of the fries alone because they were addictive), garlic buns (easily a meal in itself) that were actually garl "
20,5,Positive," I will return again and recommend to try their regular omelets."" ""great food, great staff! would prefer going there, however, it's not that far away that i would like to be."" ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop by day, but it's by far the best vegan pizza i've had in the state of vegas.  the pizza is solid, preferably with pepperoni or parmesan on it.  i also really like the hot cookies that come with every order.  they're not really "
21,5,Positive," I will return when i am in the area. happy to say that i found bannock. i was told that it was a little pricey but it was well worth it. the family that runs this place love it and they are very picky eaters. the family that works really good and very hard. also they are very nice.  piola is near the spartans and ny civic dress. while walking around dressed as a girl, i took a moment to admire the men and women working. men in suits and women in tops. it was very nice.  overall, great place to get dressed "
22,5,Positive," I will return."" [ Sunday, September 10, 2018 ] "" loved the pizza. so so so good. moved back in here last week for my birthday. good place great family restaurant. good times. happy customers. good service. good overall experience.  i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust "
23,5,Positive," I will return as soon as i come back to town."" ""parents took me here while i was home for christmas. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly "
24,5,Positive," I will return."" ""working great!  received my order yesterday and was sent a pizza yesterday (monday) that had just been delivered. ordered pizza today (tuesdays) and was sent a pizza yesterday (febriana day) as well. both times the pizza was correct and hot. thank you!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than every other pizza i've had in the valley.  the sauce is thick and gives the pizza a homemade feeling.  it's also the kind of sauce that you can make a pizza from scratch with.   "
25,5,Positive," I will return however I must say that i like hcgf. that is a big ""if"".   i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregano's unless i know i am getting a hot cookie for dessert. my favorite is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream on top. best to share with a friend is it is rather large."" ""one of my favorite things at oregano's is to get the pizza flavored with the special ingredients.  this time i got the pizza with "
26,5,Positive," I will return if i'm ever in the area!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the las vegas area. 1. the pizza is good. 2. the guac. 3. the beer..."" ""peter piper is arizona's family oriented pizza chain. most people associate the pizza with being able to fit a lot of people, but for some reason i believe them. the family that runs this place seem to be very pleased with their service, and seem to be doing a good job at making sure their food "
27,5,Positive," I will return, but only if i can bring myself to try a locally owned pizza place."" ""great food, great vibe. had ilovemohave you there before, tried it, and it was a staple for many years. located off the beaten path, it was a favorite of ours too. route 66 and its pizza are my all time favorites. the hummus and garlic bread was quite possibly the best pizza I have ever eaten. i am not a huge pizza lover myself, but if you are, give this place a try! it is a great place for date night, or to bring the whole family......we "
28,5,Positive," I will return."" ""my mom took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and very clean.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like "
29,5,Positive," I will return. highly recommended."" ""my review is not to say that i agree with everything they have to say, but that i dano't have lots of friends that are vegetarians. i am a big fan of their pizza and their coupons are awesome!  they are a great business as well!  a neighbor commented that their pizza is better than chain pizza, which i understand to a T.  that is true.  the place is small but it has a nice ambience.  i would have to say they know what they are doing, but they seem to be doing a good business.  a neighbor gave "
30,5,Positive," I will return!"" service was excellent - attentive, polite and friendly. ""excellent pizza! i travel a lot and one of my favorite things in different cities is to try a locally owned pizza place. delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and breadsticks were hot on arrival and the delivery guy was friendly.   the business card they sent was for one day only and they stated that they would be back in business the next day so we'll definitely be back!   the breadsticks came with a really flavorful sauce and themselves were perfectly baked and seasoned. "
31,5,Positive," I will return."" ""this was my brother's funeral. i was in town for a work/pleasure trip and went based on other yelp recommendations and were not dissappointed. the location was not an issue for us. we ordered a salad on the patio and were seated right away. the service was very friendly. we also took out a couple of slices of pizza and enjoyed them very much. the pizza crust was not greasy.  it was quite the opposite. the pizza came with a fresh dressing.  not something i do naturally, but awesome.  the condiments were great.  our waiter was very "
32,5,Positive," I will return."" ""great food and fast delivery. highly recommend. ""ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and chicken were hot on arrival and the delivery guy was friendly.   the chicken came with a lot of sauce and when I took it out of the oven, the chicken was completely cooked through and smeared with some sort of garlic-flour mixture.  so there you have it, a winner!  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken with tomatoes, "
33,5,Positive," I will return!"" she said. ""it's been awhile since my first visit when i was in the cubicle industry i worked as a waitress at this establishment for a living.  it was on that job that i first tasted the grilled chicken pie and it was an absolute favorite.    it was my last time here and i must say that i was quite impressed by the chicken!  it was huge and had a great flavor.  the crust was crisp and the sauce was great.  the staff was friendly and was really clear about the menu items that they serve.  i had a pizza that featured roasted chicken and "
34,5,Positive," I will return, especially since there are really only a handful of them left in the world!"" ""fantastic meal, pizza made just like we wanted it. they added pepperoni to half of our bacon & blue with barely a raised eye. great atmosphere and good service. i will be back when i am in the area. happy to say our last stop was a little over an hour away and i was a little skeptical, but the thought of spending an evening in a worn out ramshackle hangout with like-minded travelers made me hungry. well, at least for me. i had the Cholula pizza and "
35,5,Positive," I will return, but only if I can eat here without feeling pressure to look like a pizza snob.  my husband always gets pizza, and I get lasagna all the time.  at some point in time, this place needs to expand their pizza menu... or, they could open an order counter space."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  we live in the neighbourhood and are visiting for a work/pleasure trip.  the pizza is the real star.    the happy hour gang i hang out with frequents this place often.  we always used to come here on "
36,5,Positive," I will return when i am in the area."" i am a huge metro fan but this place is cheaper and has a lot of heart.  the food is so good i am totally obsessed with it.  the wings are good and crispy and the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too.    it's a great neighbor place. the pizza is great. the salads are airways fresh and the chicken fingers are delicious! always friendly and fast service. ""good prices.  good ny pizza.  fast.  good selection of slices with cool toppings.  easy to "
37,5,Positive," I will return when i am in the area. service was great. ""good pizza, great staff!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i am in the area. they have a large pizza selection as well as a large number of pasta dishes. the service here was great. i felt great afterwards."" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. the food is fun and tasty. i recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of the best "
38,5,Positive," I will return, but for my computer I will be coming here ... again and again!"" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is a great for business lunch. crunchy little place with a large variety of great tasting food. cinnamon sugar iced coffee, jalapeno peach cobbler, and our very own pizza crudo. it was very tasty! would definitely recommend this spot to anyone looking for a good coffee or tea shop."" ""good prices.  good selection of teas.  fast.  good selection of products.  easy to navigate menu.  "
39,5,Positive," I will return, but only if I am able to obtain a fresh supply of cucumbers at the nearest large grocery store."" ""cucumbers are a very precious resource in los angeles, especially during the warmer months when the store is closed down.  we always enjoy a good pizza, so when we heard this place was reopened we were excited!  we ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like we were being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza we were going to consume.  the salad was great and we will definitely be ordering from there!  my husband and i both had the pizza we ordered and the one we "
40,5,Positive," I will return as soon as i come back to town."" ""great pizza, great price!  the pizza is solid btw. good selection of slices with decent price.   the business is booming so be sure to stop by and try their pizza!  yuummmmm!"" ""the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregano's unless i know i am getting a hot cookie for dessert. my favorite is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 scoops "
41,5,Positive," I will return."" ""my husband and i are pizza snobs.  we have ordered from dominos, which is really gross.    streets of new york was introduced to us about a year ago.  we have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat.  we love the food.    the only issue we have is the wait is often very long for our food and the wait staff seems is always a little on the blah side.  a smile, every once in awhile would be nice.    we will continue to come back, but i would "
42,5,Positive," I will return if/when i'm in the area. happy i did."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 months we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken pesto.  they have good appetizers and the deserts are good.  the calzones are pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  we always order delivery.  they get here pretty fast (of course we live just a couple blocks away). "
43,5,Positive," I will return. maybe for dinner sometime i will be coming back."" ""my boyfriend and i stumbled upon this place after walking all evening and were pleasantly surprised. great pizzas, amazing service! what more could you possibly want."" ""fantastic pizza, great seafood pasta dishes, and the best mac n' cheese we have ever eaten. we have never been disappointed with the mac n' cheese we have tried. it is hard to find good mac n' cheese, but this is the best we have had so far camping in the pittsburgh. we have also tried the new york, southafrican, and "
44,5,Positive," I will return when i am in the area.  the pizza was excellent!!  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also excellent!!  overall, great place to get pizzas.  the staff is very nice and friendly.  i would definitely come back!!"" ""i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious and it was ready in less than 5 minutes.  i am a fan of this place and will be back.  the place is cool and happy.  custom made pizzas are always good.  the "
45,5,Positive," I will return as soon as i come back to town."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  "
46,5,Positive," I will return, but only if my husband and i are still in the area."" ""my husband and i were looking for a lunch deal - anything but the fat boy and i had in mind when we scoured the mall for a lightning rod.  ordered pizza and it was one of the few places in the mall that did not have too many booths with their respective products on it.  i got a slice of their white chapel pizza and it was very good.  i would definitely order from here time and time again.  the pizza is amazing!  i would even order from them if i could order in - they are "
47,5,Positive," I will return, but only if I can eat here every day!"" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entree meals. the pizza was disappointing, but their homemade (?) ranch dressing is out of this world! it "
48,5,Positive," I will return, but only if my daughter can believe a pizza this good tastes this good!"" ""my daughter's love to go there. they have good appetizers and the deserts are good. they also serve up a great beer selection. 4 kids, 6 mos. 1 dog. 2 turkeys. 2 will be attending des. high school should be fine. price is good, food is good, and the service is fantastic! they also serve up a great pizza! my daughter's love to go there. they have good appetizers and the deserts are good. they also serve up a great beer selection. 4 kids, 6 "
49,5,Positive," I will return, but not in spite of the above."" ""once upon a time, there was a bar across the hall from my place that i would have gladly patronized.  it's long since closed, but i will forever remember that old-fashioned bar across the hall on that old me.  it was a good place, and i will forever treasure that humble pie.  it's nice to know that not only is it fresh, it's hot - something i've always looked for in a pizza!  piola deserves plaudits for their inventive pizza, which features roasted chicken and crispy chicken skin on top "
50,5,Positive," I will return, but only if I can live without the warmth of that pizza."" ""pizza chelon...again and again. in fact, the only time i eat there right now i'm thinking about getting a second try. good pizza, good sauce, good crust. some of the men are real pros!! beats me why no one brings back the pizza war favorit. i will say though, that while the pizza is good, it is by far the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. very friendly staff, very good pizza. very neighborly! highly recommend."" ""i would like to give d "
51,5,Positive," I will return; it was worth the money!"" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entree meals. the pizza was disappointing, but their homemade (?) ranch dressing is out of this world! it's creamy, thick "
52,5,Positive," I will return however..."" ""i like the place on the strip.  it's anh mi bascially.  the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy.  when i say food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my point is food is excellent and service is fantastic!!!  no one here but us.    every one needs to go here!  it's cheaper than most places in pittsburgh."" ""there really isn't a place like this in the area.  it's "
53,5,Positive," I will return, but need to make sure they have the locavore pizza ! that is for sure."" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new york so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only issue was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in "
54,5,Positive," I will return!"" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing. the chicken wings with fries as delicious (i'd take a giant bowl of the fries alone because they were addictive), garlic buns (easily a meal in itself) that were actually garl "
55,5,Positive," I will return as soon as i come back to town. happy to say that is just my 2 cents. happy to say that they are not only good, but they are expanding their pizza menu! a staple of mine is to try any pizza as fresh as possible, so i am excited to try something new! fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff! it has been my tradition ever since they opened that i have had the same pizza fresh for 3 different visits.   i realize this may be a long review, but there's really no wrong choice.  every one needs to go here!  the pizza here is "
56,5,Positive," I will return, but i will be coming back again."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken pesto.  they have good appetizers and the deserts are good.  the calzones are pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  we always order delivery.  they get here pretty fast (of course we live just a couple blocks away).     "
57,5,Positive," I will return."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and quick. pizza is awesome. price is very good. water and ash are always warm and clear.  great job guys!! you guys rock!!!"" ""you guys rock!! love the pizza.  the wings "
58,5,Positive," I will return when i am in the area. happy to say my daughter is a huge Mets fan and they are trying to get a store right next door to rwb in madison. well, at least until they move to their new location."" ""great pizza, great price! we will continue to go back! always friendly and fast service. will continue to go back! top notch thin crust pizza. pizza sauce makes any pizza delicious. several visits to the office for delivery. not crazy busy at all. place waseposted me on facebook and received an order of pizza - awesome!  i will "
59,5,Positive," I will return again and if my last few stops are any indication, i should be able to eat here anytime soon!"" ""the pizza taste just like pizza in  new york .  it has a thin crust  and they cook it in the brick oven. the sauce is so full of flavor.  it is hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of new york but this is the best i have had so far.. im craving it right know. i usually get the pepperoni or add hot peppers to it..  new york style pizza has a thin crust  and they cook it in the brick oven. the "
60,5,Positive," I will return."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing. the chicken wings with fries as delicious (i'd take a giant bowl of the fries alone because they were addictive), garlic buns (easily a meal in itself) that were actually garl "
61,5,Positive," I will return though as i was told this place was closed in on wednesday for lunch. we will definitely be back as i was told this was a great restaurant that great people worked here. if you are ever in pittsburgh, you must go to piola. their pizza is the best they have ever made. great staff, great food. guess which one i went to first time? the one with the 3 on it."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i "
62,5,Positive," I will return when i am in the area. happy to say that i am expecting a new york location to open up in the near future and that it should be a pleasure to visit! the pizza was excellent and the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of mushrooms, and the proper amount of mushrooms to get you through a long day in the office was what set this place apart from the crowd. a steady flow of customers would walk in to pick up their pizzas and they all knew the gentleman serving them. he was a nice man. the line never got long.   i will be back when i am "
63,5,Positive," I will return; to have more family members come in to eats and to have some delicious pizza! family members also said they had a wonderful meal with the help of their father-in-law. very family-oriented."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken pesto.  they have good appetizers and the deserts are good.  the calzones are pretty good too, "
64,5,Positive," I will return though as i thought this was a pizza place that dealt with delivery but it was the other way around. all the pizzas were correct and delicious.  i will be back when i am in the area. happy to say that is has opened a beall's outlet right next door too so i can shop and eat."" ""ordered sushi pizza and extra salmon sushi combo.  it was one of my favorites ever.   fast delivery and friendly staff.  great price.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place has a lot going for it.  great "
65,5,Positive," I will return again and recommend to everyone. thank you for sharing."" ""the best chicago style pizza in town! being from the east coast, that should say a lot"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i was pleasantly surprised. the staff is super friendly. also they have really good thin crust pizza. not too heavy, not too crispy. it was just right. i had a custom made pizza and it was awesome. the sauce was great and they are very fast when it comes to delivery. also, they are really partaking of "
66,5,Positive," I will return, but only if I can eat here myself."" ""my husband and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken pesto.  they have good appetizers and the deserts are good.  the calzones are pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  we always order delivery.  they get here pretty fast (of course we live just a couple blocks away).    "
67,5,Positive," I will return, but with a party favor I will be planning a visit to your brewery this weekend! happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too!"" ""i would like to give beall's music store chain a solid 4 stars, mainly because it's closer to my house than it is ta place. i would also like to mention that they are really really nice guys, usually responding to my posts within 24 hours. i realize that may not be much of a comment, but i really do like the beall's guy. he's a nice guy, very friendly. and they are always nice, "
68,5,Positive," I will return when i am in the area. happy to say that i was born in pittsburgh, visited a tonne of places n had a pizza craving, until i heard the singe pizza was good and so i went there. it was. they have really good pizza. well, at least until they move to their new location."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the pizza we enjoy the most is the one made with fresh ingredients.  that being said, we are not strict eaters.  we enjoy pizza of all kinds.  the lobster was great and i "
69,5,Positive," I will return, but if by some miracle my wonderful Santa pulled this off, I will absolutely be back. Thank you so much!"" ""my very first exchange was for a review code. awesome! :)"" ""great shopping experience!  contacted via email and within minutes a delivery was here! not bad.   ordered sushi pizza and extra salmon sushi combo.  the pizza was amazing!  i ordered them earlier in the morning to be ready at 11:30 for lunch. when i walked in a few minutes before 11:30 they were just coming out of the oven.  they were hot and fresh.  "
70,5,Positive," I will return. next time i will be giving that pizza cookie a try. :)"" ""great pizza, great price! living in gilbert, damn near anyone can get a slice of this pizza! it's a good thing i live next to a sushi restaurant, that also offers a vegan edible cake! in my opinion, the slice of this pizza is the best one during the day. at night, the slice is the best one because it's really hot inside. when i take a bite, i feel like i'm in italy! almost like a pizza would be good here. i feel like a real man when "
71,5,Positive," I will return, but first time i ate there i ordered a pasta and it came with cheese. now that it's my turn to eat there i gotta say that i was a bit skeptical. but the pizza was amazing! very thin crust, huge impact. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it gets a few chunks of tomato.  da bomb.<|endoftext|>Follow me on instagram @alexandria and facebook.com/alexandria for all the latest news!  alexandria's pizza is a heavy yet it's delicious. "
72,5,Positive," I will return, but only if my son is given the opportunity to borrow a pizza cutter from the family restaurant."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry "
73,5,Positive," I will return."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken pesto.  they have good appetizers and the deserts are good.  the calzones are pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  we always order delivery.  they get here pretty fast (of course we live just a couple blocks away).    i love all the coupons they have and "
74,5,Positive," I will return; it was worth every penny!"" ""the worst pizza i have ever eaten. the sauce was so bad that i couldn't believe it was good and went straight to the safe haven of the stars! definitely not to be taken advantage of! poor quality, poor selection, poor service. all around a boring as can be. bad experience. will not be back.  bottom line is poor quality pizza and a busy location make good pizza difficult to please.  chandelier hangin? nope, not on me. on first try i thought it was a little steep, but i had a friend join "
75,5,Positive," I will return!"" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the mayor's wife bought us a pizza, and we were a couple pies from when we were little kids. now that we're older, we love to go there when we need to bulk up for a long cold winter. my husband and i were hoping for a salad, but they were sweetened with honey instead.  a generous portion of the pizza was also given to us during the meal. definitely going there for a pizza on Friday to warm up before the big game!"" ""i really enjoyed this place on my recent visit to toronto. it "
76,5,Positive," I will return, especially since it was my daughter's birthday. :)"" ""my daughter's love to go there. there is no other pizza place in the area that i would highly recommend. they have great pizza, awesome sauce, and it was our family's first time there. loved it! and the fact that its my daughter's birthday, i get to eat here quite often. :)"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i "
77,5,Positive," I will return again and if you are ever in central phoenix i will definitely stop in. i will be back when i am able to."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. great pizza, awesome service. what more can you ask for?"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for us.  we stopped in here at least once a month for a little bit to get acclimated before moving to a larger place.  was "
78,5,Positive," I will return."" ""good ny pizza. i was craving it right know. i usually get the house made pepperoni and salami. this time i got the whole pizza with sausage on it! awesome! good place to get pizza!!."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the staff is very nice!! we had  pizza, wings, and a chocolate chip cookie for just over $10 bucks and it was all amazing.  carry on eating is nice as well!  can't complain!! we will definitely be back."" ""awesome place.  very clean and comfortable.  "
79,5,Positive," I will return."" ""this is the best xl pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.    i will be back.   cannot wait to go back.   thank you so much!"" ""a place that delivers in gilbert? yes, yes, yes!!! i wasn't certain while using the app for delivery whether it was accurate or not. i've spent the past 9 months in gilbert with very limited delivery options. when i say limited, i mean, there's been but a couple pizza joints to order from.  "
80,5,Positive," I will return if i can't live without it."" ""i absolutely love love love love love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for "
81,5,Positive," I will return!!"" staff is always nice and their pizza is awesome! the wings are good too! and so many other things! great place to get pizza!! ""first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the cheef"""" sandwich, great flavor. friends said the pizza was really good too."" ""vegan options in downtown vegas!!! pizza was super tasty and the service was pretty decent. half way through baking my pie they remembered that i only wanted mushrooms on half, so they took it out of the oven and picked them off.  kind of weird, but whatever.  nice gesture, but paws off "
82,5,Positive," I will return whenever i am in the area. happy to say that i upped my game when i heard that britney spears was coming to town so i figured i'd give them a try. glad i did! my only complaint is that the pizza was not up to par for their pizza, but i'll be back again to try! happy to say that they opened a beall's outlet right next door too so i can shop and eat there too! well, at least until they move to their new location."" best new york pizza in town! this place is always great my husband and i love ordering from them "
83,5,Positive," I will return again and recommend this place to anyone who likes pizza and its staff is fantastic! happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too so i can shop and eat! well at least until they move to their new location."" the pizza taste just like pizza in  new york .  it has a thin crust  and they cook it in the brick oven. the sauce is so full of flavor.  it is hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of new york but this is the best i have had so far.. im craving it right know. i usually get the pepperoni or add hot "
84,5,Positive," I will return again and recommend to everyone looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only issue was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entree meals. the pizza was disappointing, but their homemade (?) ranch dressing is out of "
85,5,Positive," I will return if I am able to. happy to say that i like everyone here. the only thing i will mention is that the owner, his wife and their 4 yr old son all work full time. 8een months now and they not only are they awesome -- they are super friendly! super nice!! super good pizza!! halal hot dog platter and 16 yr old son's pizza for $7.50!!!! wow!!!! halal and kosher are realtors that sell pizza!!!! wow!!!!  will definitely be back!!"" ""peter piper is arizona's family oriented pizza chain. most people think the "
86,5,Positive," I will return, but may look elsewhere for a tasty dinner."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of pizza and salad. very neighborly! highly recommend the slice of pizza and the parmesan. the salad is great.  ""i would highly recommend the slice of pizza and the parmesan. they are the best i have had in the valley. pizza is solid, hamburgers good, chicken fingers are on point! very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in potrero hill.  it's a pizza "
87,5,Positive," I will return, but i am entertaining the idea of moving to a bigger house with my husband and daughter. i am currently reviewing reservations for our upcoming wedding.    we will explore that soon! in the meantime, i will be contacting the restaurant to see if they have any specials that would be good for piola.  if they do, i will be back."" staff is always nice and their pizza is awesome! the wings are good too! and so many other things! great place to get pizzas! ""first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the cheef"""" sandwich, great flavor. "
88,5,Positive," I will return when i am in the area! happy to discover this place! happy to discover this awesome pizza!! yum!!"" ""i am a huge fan of a good pizza at a reasonable price. this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  highly recommend this place on yelp! we have found a new york wife and husband duo! ""we will be back.  we have been here on 9-1-18 and have ordered from time to time.  i think the water fountain is pretty cool.  a lot of people use it.  it's not the best place to get "
89,5,Positive," I will return, but only if they begin serving up their famous bufalina pizza! that is what this review is for. i don't usually eat at all except on special occasions like graduations and parties. but when i do, i'll be coming back."" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are also tasty. it was the breakfast of champions!   ; "
90,5,Positive," d"" they have such good pizza. omg their cheesecake is to die for literally. i think i am addicted to the cheesecake. ""i went to their pizza """"rodiz "
91,5,Positive," I will return again and if you are in the mood to try a locally owned pizza place you should consider visiting this location for a slice of the huge pizza they serve!!"" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the high roller and got the garlic cheese bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...our first time there, all the food was amazing!  we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""i really enjoyed this place on my recent visit to "
92,5,Positive," I will return."" ""great pizza! this was my second time in the last few days meeting a friend for lunch at 335 W. Bristol St. in Lawrence.   the pizza was very good! the crudo pizza was to die for and the bianca pizza was very good as well.  a unique combination which was tasty.  everything was good my friend.  my only complaint is that the mozzarella cheese was not very good as i had expected and the slice was large with small holes in the top and bottom.  that is easily fixed.  the slice is large enough that i can eat the "
93,5,Positive," I will return, but only if my son has a pizza that he can eat. he cannot wait to go back!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors, just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, "
94,5,Positive," I will return again and again. delicious, cheap, awesome pizza."" ""the happy hour gang i hang out with frequents this place often.  it's hard to find a decent martini in cleveland, but i have to say they know how to shake an excellent one here.  i have to admit, my only visit to cleveland by sea was on a saturday evening, so i can you that there were no signs or anything saying the place was busy at all.  instead of being nice, the server here just kind of stared at us blankly.  i realize now that was a rude thing to "
95,5,Positive," I will return, but first time i ate there i ordered a pepporoni slice, and thats where it all started. he pointed to a pizza place a few doors down the street from us, and thats where we learned about pizza circles. a circle on a street corner? yes, yes, yes!!! we walked right up to check it out, and while we were leaving, i asked him what kind of pizza they serve, and he said they don't serve pizza like pizza circles do, they serve pizza with...wait for it... pizzas. ok, now thats funny. lol."" ""we were looking for a new "
96,5,Positive," I will return."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing. the chicken wings with fries as delicious (i'd take a giant bowl of the fries alone because they were addictive), garlic buns (easily a meal in itself) that were actually garl "
97,5,Positive," I will return, but i will be coming here frequently."" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and quick. pizza is delicious. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas. price is very good, cheaper than most places."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. they lose a star because i felt nickel and dimed for "
98,5,Positive," I will return again and recommend to everyone! it was very good quick and friendly service. ""great pizza, great price!   first time eating here and was very impressed with the garlic bread and jalapeno pizza. the garlic bread was great and we had a lot of garlic bread left over - extra-fine. the jalapeno was nice and spicy and did we mentioned the garlic bread.   will definitely be back."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; "
99,5,Positive," I will return."" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon "
100,5,Positive," I will return as soon as i come back to town."" ""good food in a great location inside the linq promenade. stumbled upon this place after walking all evening and was pleasantly surprised. great pizzas, amazing service. what more can you ask for?"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.   "
101,5,Positive," I will return as soon as i come back to town. happy to say that i was right in the late 1950's when i was younger growing up in the bay. my mom used to make sure to bring me here whenever i needed a quick bite while i worked. now that i am older and wiser, i realize that my mom may have been right all along and i may have missed out on some great food if i had waited til later in the evening. all i know is that i ordered the chicken waffles with peanut butter and jelly and it was a perfect blend of sweet and sticky to boot.   the owner was "
102,5,Positive," Perfect pizza!""  saw service! please bring back the wedge pizza!  it's the perfect size of wedge pizza!  the only thing not to like this pizza is that it's really really hot.  i know, crazy.  but, the point is that it's good, honest, hot.  not greasy, not dense, not bomb, just good.    on second thought, maybe bring me back your pizza.  my family and i are regulars at this restaurant so, yummy."" ""we liked the pizza.  the service was fast and friendly.  we also liked the casual atmosphere.  it was clean, and there was plenty of space.  the staff was very friendly.  i will be "
103,5,Positive," Perfect pizza ??  yum!"" mom made pie ""i am a die hard fan of the little things.  however, this place has a consistent product line... it's basic necessities like the time honored tomato sauce, get the cheese grits, and ground beef mix.  perfection!  warm and welcoming staff, good beer selection, and reasonable prices.  espn.com/dive in for a slice or a coffee tomorrow."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  nyc small pizza joint that i will recommend to anyone!!!  my husband and i are frequent fliers and "
104,5,Positive," Perfect pizza while visiting from out of town. delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and breadsticks were hot on arrival and the delivery guy was friendly.   the breadsticks came with a really flavorful sauce and themselves were perfectly baked and seasoned. the pizza was just a cheese pizza and the ratio of the ingredients on the pizza was on point and tasted great!   as much pizza as i eat i ought to be considered an expert and if i wasn't leaving town tomorrow i'd be visiting these guys again. great food. thank you!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large "
105,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, pizza that you can build your own toppings just like pizza at home. they use whole wheat dough which is great if you're gluten free. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.  i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their "
106,5,Positive," Perfect pizza , love that it's gluten free  and that they use fresh ingredients ! also , they are consistent - the pizza is amazing  every time i go there im not disappointed - fresh and tasty. im not a pizza lover per se but i love the thought of spending an hour or two just trying to find a pizza place that i like!  there are a few pizza places in the 10 blocks  weaves, 1 on the errand  and 1 on the go .  there are a limited number of items that can be ordered online - all items are amazing !  i usually get pizza from chain restaurants - times vary - maggiano's, anchovies,  crais, zebras , yuummmmm ! or from little "
107,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i'm loving it. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back bar man. tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! wonderful service and nice atmosphere. what more could you possibly want."" ""ran into this place after walking all evening and was pleasantly surprised.  it's a great neighbor place - they carry a variety of local businesses, including britney preferred, so there's lots of choices for a walk up.  the pizza is solid for a bar, and the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of sauce and a fresh mozzarella along with quality toppings makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area.  the only reason "
108,5,Positive," Perfect pizza but with heavy half roast chicken and added garlicky toka.  it was awesome!   the garlic bread and wedges that came with the chicken mix was pretty good. some of the garlic bread was bit tough but still has a good flavor. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. was a bit pricey but kind of worth it. overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""am "
109,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, fresh ingredients, not too many appetizers and the deserts are good.   we will be back when we are in the area. happy to say our cheese grater did not disappoint!"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the time. the specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. my friends had a mango mohito, and said that they were awesome. the service was good. the atmosphere is great. it was very busy "
110,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i enjoyed it tremendously.  the service was wonderful.  everyone on the staff was very friendly. ""good prices.  good ny pizza.  fast.  good selection of slices with cool toppings.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here "
111,5,Positive," Perfect pizza & i don't know what else to say other than great service and excellent food. we have tried many pizza places in the 10 years we have lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  we are delivery junkies and love shipping pizza from coast to coast.  we love black rock!!!    piola is a small place that i consider to be very close to my house.  it's a medium pizza with pepperoni, pineapple and tomato but the ratio of the ingredients is on point and the pizza is fantastic!  the sauce is not on the thick side and so is the pizza itself.    piola is typically very busy at noon and is usually packed when i am out drinking.  "
112,5,Positive," Perfect pizza at an affordable price.  they bring the pizza to your table, but it's much easier said than done.  i recommend this to anyone looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" "
113,5,Positive," Perfect pizza!! this is a great choice for a date night. prices are very reasonable, the place is always filled with happy customers, and the service is fantastic!!  we were so excited to be coming to this restaurant!! we ordered a lot of things!! loved the mediterranean pizza! had a couple of slices of goat cheese on the side and was delighted by the sweet and sourdough crust. had a cookie for under $5 and it was still amazing!! this was a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :)  good food at a great value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't complain.  "
114,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, food is good, and the place is clean.  i would definitely come back!"" ""- this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me like this one.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and quick. pizza is excellent. price is very good. hot and   comfortable. walk in here anytime anytime - anytime."" ""ordering right now - my boss wanted pizza and we agreed on the $8 xl pizza was a great "
115,5,Positive, Perfect pizza and i am happy to discover they are still open after opening their own location 140 years ago. i was told about the place by a neighbor so we thought we'd give it a try. glad we did! the place was bustling with the hippest of the uptown 1792 at the ready to blow away your night. glad we did! we ate several pizzas and a pasta dish alone and was also impressed by the service. glad we did! the place was packed in the evening and was very busy at all.btw. the owner's grandson played with the calgary stampeders once upon a time so you can imagine his excitement when he heard about this place being opened. huge shout out to him! we will treasure this opportunity to 
116,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, fresh, tasty ingredients on the top and bottom! recommend the mushroom pizza and the italian beef pasty. the sweet potato pizza is yummy and has a decent amount of mushrooms. also ask for the spicy oil. that adds a lot of flavor to it.   quebecois beware. there aren't handfuls of hot peppers that you can pick your nose at.  there are only a few tiny dried peppers, which you must strain before consumption.  you must try them all because they are unique.  if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard pizza,  as it requires more concentration.  i would definitely recommend."" ""the place doesn't look the best "
117,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, great sauce and great service. highly recommend! ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great salad and great service. highly recommend!"" ""i thought this was a little crazy, but it was a great quick bite while eating my sandwich. nice and spicy for a chicago style sandwich. nice and fresh for a work/class/go-to. i also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course was awesome. the garlic bread and wedges that came with the mushrooms really helped balance out the spicy bbq sauce.  overall, it was a great visit for me to try a different type of pizza. i would definitely return, but i prefer a little gre "
118,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, definitely one of my favorites. good selection of slices and prices, probably the best i've had in tambor. a couple of the slices were extra big for me, but i swallowed them whole whole because i felt great afterwards.  good thing too, because i realized that the woman who took my order was short one of her fingers, which is why i am not crazy about pizza.  saying that, the pizza here is amazing!    the lady working the counter knew exactly what she was doing and was very polite. the pizza was amazing too, and the customer service here is always great.  a definite must go to! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a "
119,5,Positive," Perfect pizza or sandwich. i prefer the former, but a solid size pizza with toppings is good. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very good quick and attentive service.  for $5.99 she got the dinner portion with soup.  i tried the grilled chicken over salad with avocados beans and corn was delicious and will definitely go here again.   one of the reviews picked up food for take out and i "
120,5,Positive," Perfect pizza history!!! first ever no bake - what an honor! family favorite pizzas and we love the rich flavors! family favorite: bacon/egg pizza!   also known as the acela, the area's other pizza style pioneered by great-grandpa california. now celebrating it's fifth year, the pizza is consistently well made and needs no introduction. the slices are large and they are always hot.  very friendly staff!! ""first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the cheef"""" sandwich, great flavor. friends said the pizza was really good too."" ""vegan options in downtown vegas!!! pizza was super tasty and the service was pretty decent. half way through baking my pie they remembered that i only "
121,5,Positive," Perfect pizza. my local go to place. no one here but the lucky few who order through them. those of us who are in the know know know how busy and cold this place is. we have ordered from them multiple times and have never been let down. be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!   this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere inside is nice and it's like stepping away from the busy area just outside its doors. you will have an awesome meal. highly recommended!"" ""my boyfriend and i were looking for a new pizza place to try near his house on a lazy sunday.  we stopped in here on a sunday afternoon and were instantly struck by the friendly "
122,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, that's what everybody's talking about. i'm not crazy about this style of pizza, it just takes too long.   it's hardly a town square, it has a nice mix of buildings. the restaurant has a mural on the wall of the entire plaza, which was a nod to the many years of waiting for a table.   i really enjoyed this little spot on a number of factors. the pizza was excellent, and the combination of the tasty salami and the large serving of pasta - great on an over-the-counter basis, great with a family - great for sharing with your date.   the other reason i'm giving this spot a thumbs up - despite the fact that it's only been "
123,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i assume that includes the goat cheese which they add to all the pizza you buy. i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. according to their website:  ""add a sprinkling of sea salt to half of your pizza for even more deliciousness.  or you can just pretend like you don't like spicy things, and you will be good to go!  my fav thing to do is get dinner here before catching a rep film at cinema du parc. they stop taking customers at 9 (but you can be seated until 9 and stay until 10) so plan accordingly."" ""you get dinner here and then move on to the "
124,5,Positive," Perfect pizza (in my opinion superior to all others i've had in the valley) and they were phenomenal!  fantastic warm and welcoming service.  fast.  good prices.  good product selection.  good bang for the buck.  easy to navigate through their purchasing page.  easy to customize your own pizza.  bottom line - great place to get pizzas and shakes.<|endoftext|>In the past week we have visited familie and diavola pizza places.  there was a great pizza and salad party at this place, great service and great food.  we will be back to try some more.  although it says it has good service that is not necessarily true.  the "
125,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i was sold. price was good. delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and the pizza was right on time. i will highly recommend if you are a fan of good pizza. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.   i will be back."" ""great food and fast delivery. highly recommend the chicken cesar pizza. yum yum yum!! ""ordered sushi pizza and extra salmon sushi combo.  food came quickly and the quality of the salmon in the sash "
126,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i am a pizza snob.  the crust is flavorful and the mix is amazing!  i would really recommend this place to anyone! we will be back again and again!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin "
127,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i am not a real pizza lover.  the on-line ordering feature is extremely intuitive, allowing you to visually customize your exact order.  in my limited experience, this feature has been very positive for my business.  in addition, the on-line ordering feature is extremely intuitive, allowing you to visually customize your exact order.  in my limited experience, this feature has been very positive for my business.    i would highly recommend this place to anyone seeking reliable, delicious pizza at a fair price.  you won't be disappointed, especially if you are looking for a fresh, tasty alternative to the greasy spoon style pizza favored by so many in the valley.  great location, great service. happy to announce they "
128,5,Positive," Perfect pizza was good but the stock up was good and we had plenty of buns left over to take home.   i will be back when i am in the area.    my husband said that they were great... so great we ate multiple bowls of the buns!?!??"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and "
129,5,Positive," Perfect pizza. awesome sauce. yummy. we will be back."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. tasty, cheap snacks (arancini). wonderful to hang out with! nice atmosphere and decor."" ""families make wonderful pizza, but the pizza here is BYO. so if you want a pizza that won't leave you stranded, you will have to drive all the way to the nearest dressed for business (lexington park or something similar) to get your pizza.   the pizza here is fantastic. we order a large pizza with "
130,5,Positive," Perfect pizza but with mozzarella cheese and parmesan it was amazing! i would totally eat there again if i could not fail to give you a better comparison... :)  piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. i will be back; it is worth the trip!"" great pizza at a small price. tonys is one restraunt in boulder city that really has good value with a great product. real pizza here. the slices are awesome also.. ""well what can i say about rocky's. its one of the few pizza places i like to eat from and im not a real pizza lover.  pizza is nice thin crunchy pizza.  first time i ate "
131,5,Positive," Perfect pizza but no gravy.  good option if you're looking for something fairly quick but delivers on quality."" ""good prices.  good ny pizza.  good selection of slices with cool toppings.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to "
132,5,Positive," Perfect pizza. the mozzarella cheese was really good! very filling indeed, even when sharing with a friend. we both loved the pizza. some of the garlic bread was incredible! i think garlic bread would be perfect on a pizza but i don't know what else they serve. some of the garlic bread was even chopped!  so many great things about this place!  steaks, ham, tomatoes, peppers, onions, and just general good pizza -- we will explore other items they offer in the future!  my husband said they were extremely helpful when he called in his order.    cannot complain -- service was excellent!  quick and friendly service.  quality product.  on-line shopping is a breeze -- just select "
133,5,Positive," Perfect pizza here!  very friendly servers and great pizza and salads. very neighborly! highly recommend! ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great salad and great service. highly recommend the eggplant pizza. the dough is made fresh! the salad pizza looks good, although i haven't tried it."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you "
134,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, probably one of my favorites. very healthy, fresh and tasty.  would also recommend the fried pickled jalapeno and the artichoke hearts."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly "
135,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i'm happy.  delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and breadsticks were hot on arrival and the delivery guy was friendly.   the tasting menu that came with the order was very interesting indeed, and while i wasn't able to try everything that came with the pizza, i did enjoy a jar of their red chili sauce - it was interesting, and not too sweet, which i was expecting.   the wings on the other hand, were quite possibly the best chicken ever, and they were really, really good.  the serving is large, so if you want to up your game, try the wings.    both the pizza and the breadsticks "
136,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, great delivery and quick."" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and quick. pizza is delicious. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas. price is very good, cheaper than most places."" ""ordered the gluten free pizza fight. it was great! gluten free pizza is the best!!! amazing!!! ""ordered the pizza beef stroganoff. ate the whole pizza covered in melted cheese sauce! very economical! good place to get pizza!!"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast and friendly delivery of "
137,5,Positive," Perfect pizza the whole time with garlic balls. great sauce. very good customer service. so many garlic balls! how can you go wrong! if you like thin greasy pizza, then go to my place. if you like big slices of garlic balls, then go to danny boys. if you like rich flavors, then go to king pizza. if you like the feeling of having a real pizza, then go to a mi wifeye. if you like greasy pizza, then go to alexander's. if you like thin greasy pizza, then go to arizona. if you like rich flavors, then go to jerusalem. if you like the feeling of having a real pizza, then go to aria. if you like the "
138,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i don't see why not.  the prices are very reasonable and the knowledgeable staff is on hand to make sure you know what you are getting and what to expect.  ambiance is cozy and modern but not overly so.  simplicity in presentation is key and whatever you order the pizza is done by-passing the chef.  users please bear in mind that the pizza here is just that, pizza.  there is no added sauce, garlic, tomato, or parsley.  this is just a pizza, after all.  no additional toppings are offered, but you do get a pizza that is done by the time you are ready.        when you are ready to go back to your room "
139,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, amazing sauce. at this price you can't go wrong and if you are a regular at all piola you will have a pretty good pizza. the thin crust is for suckers and the rich is for jerks. the mediterranean pizza is great and has an excellent garlic bread component. beware of the garlic bread portion as it is extremely hot to eat raw. buy the full size instead as it is much easier to consume.  overall great place to get pizzas.  it's a great neighbor place so always nice and friendly.  it's a pleasure to serve you and your family.  we look forward to serving you soon."" ""it's been awhile since my first pizza visit to new york and although "
140,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i think its more of a solid 3-star food. definitely ordering from there again. pizza is solid, salads are great, and the specialty cocktails are great.  a delicious and quick meal."" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant. good service. good beer. good bar. good ambiance. good on line service. location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside. bar code is a nice touch you will notice. open 24 hours and you will see cars pulling up to the restaurant from time to time. they are just nice to have a place to just relax with "
141,5,Positive," Perfect pizza is the perfect balance of mushrooms gravy and garlic bread. add in the pizza and you've basically got the perfect pitch black pizza. not bad. it was probably my favorite piece of pizza that night."" ""i had la casa del grande, sangria, and a mango mohito - everything was amazing. the staff was great. the service was great. and the pizza was great. we will definitely be back."" ""i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious!  the service was great.  and the wings are good.  great place to get pizzas.  a little pricey but well worth it.  you will have food left over to take home.  a "
142,5,Positive," Perfect pizza. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the garlic powder mix, but it was a top priority for me to not to mention it was liberally sprinkled on top! in my opinion, a great pizza needs to be a little greasy to eat, but beautifully so. in my brief time there, i have yet to find a bad pizza. great service. overall, i was very pleased with this place."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a "
143,5,Positive," Perfect pizza!! this is a great if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entree meals. the pizza was disappointing - mostly because of the wait - but there was a small child playing with the velcro on the bottom crust that wasn't too disappointed.   for my very "
144,5,Positive," Perfect pizza here.  positive feedback on how delicious the garlic bread was.  we also had the green chili dog, which of course was wonderful.  the service was great and the atmosphere is great.  we will definitely be back."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good but not overly fast. pizza is thick and delicious. not overly sweetened with stevia. much preferred if you like "
145,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!  great service and nice atmosphere.  no one here but us -_-"" ""this is our favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and we always have beer or wine on draft.  we always have pizza on hand, and the housemade mac n' cheese is great.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to pittsburgh!  airport transfers are horrible... :)"" ""awesome place.  location is not much to look "
146,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i think its better than dead zone. the margherita has a nice flavor and it was interesting to see how the bartender would put it together. if you like strong drinks, go elsewhere. if you like strong food, go to dead zone.  bar close to it.  service: okay. staff does their job. something i will mention is that they are really nice when they are not polishing their bar.  very friendly staff.  price: average. average is better then dead zone,  where you can get a slice for like 5 bucks.  which is kind of ironic. dead zone is cheap, but sloppy, and unorganized.  at least with the bbq sauce,  there was at "
147,5,Positive," Perfect pizza costing $7-9 and it was out of this world good. i would order from here time and time again. if you like thin greasy pizza then a lot of people will think you are crazy to try and you are right! out of all the places i have asked for extra crispy and they said no problem no problem! lol."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly service. great pizza and chicken. good selection of slices and prices.  will continue to go back!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a "
148,5,Positive," Perfect pizza. we are a local couple that have had the honor of dining with the owners several times.  they are very on point when it comes to their food and are very helpful with their directions.    piola is by no means a magic city, but it is obvious that they work very hard to keep it that way. it would be nice to be able to eat here whenever and wherever I want. there is a daily specials from $6.99 with nachos and $6.99 with $7.99 point.  is this place good? no. is it fast? no. is it comfortable? no. is it convenient? yes. is it good? yes."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted "
149,5,Positive," Perfect pizza!!! this place is a regular for my wife and i.  good pizza, good delivery, good price.  speak with Aaron about ordering as well!  highly recommend!"" ""a good pizza is a good pizza at a fair price.  that's what this review is for.  you can eat the whole thing, or split it with a few slices of tomato... i prefer the whole pizza.  you get slices of pizza that are about 5 inches, and they are all good.  there is a decent amount of them.  you can buy the whole pizza by the slice at the stand right next to the restaurant.  if you want to try their specialty pizzas, you will have to order from the restaurant.   each "
150,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and a stellar selection of local craft beers. we also had the new york, old york, young york, men's & women's, vegetarian, and the gluten free.  we loved the mediterranean pizza!    fa cappa!    fantastic pizza and service. on this particular evening my only complaint is that they are out of 4-Layer Pita... i know it's weird.  but...    fa cappa!    piola!    add pasta to your pizza for a super sexy bent! oh, and they don't cut the mustard on the hot peppers.  is it weird that they don't do that?  y "
151,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i think its huge!  i would like to try something new, but i will likely stick to the pizzas and wings mentioned above.  the garlic bread was interesting as i had never heard of it. if you are allergic to garlic, you will not be able to tell the difference between a real and an imitation.  i assume this is why there is a small portion of the menu that is free.    i will definitely be back, but i will be looking for more great pizza!"" ""fantastic pizza, pizza that you can eat anytime, anywhere. they have interesting combinations of pies, hot and cold, as well as desserts. i had a mango mohito, and it was amazing. the "
152,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, great service. excellent price with the coupon. birthday cake laid back! (at least for the young ones - we weren't there when they were opening). glad we came here! glad we found this place! happy to be able to try some of their pizzas! happy to say they opened a drive in yesterday! loved the decor, great service, and the fact that its family owned and they are super nice! ha!"" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible "
153,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, a little pricey but worth it. quality of ingredients, good service.walks away quickly if not walked into the restaurant. atmosphere is nice and it is a great deal for good service. it was very busy at all but everyone was friendly.   will definitely return !!!"" ""fantastic pizza and wings! first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and great wings! great restaurant!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. but this is the best i've had in the valley. very friendly staff. good service. good environment.  will continue to go back!  atmosphere: small space. think banh mi boys, and "
154,5,Positive," Perfect pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!   we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a whim.  found a pizza place that we both liked and enjoyed!  service was very friendly, and staff was great.  although it said they had everything they offered,  we will definitely be ordering from there again!    piola does business the old fashioned way, meaning every order has to be manually inspected and verified.  this is a great place for large families/parties/individuals with young kids/cynics/whatever... lets be honest, it's a great place for all ages!! pizza is nice and thick, and the staff is very nice.  every "
155,5,Positive," Perfect pizza. good sauce. good crust. good smoke. good bill of fare. good service. overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""great pizza!! this is the type of restaurant where you can sit back and enjoy the ambience while you wait for your table. the pizza is solid whenever i take a bite i feel like i'm in italy! this is the type of restaurant that i would definitely want to come back!! knox plz remodel their pizza!! their pizza is solid ny style pizza, not the best in the world but imo it's the best in the valley!! knox plz!! rez pizza!! rez!! rez!! rez!! rez!! rez "
156,5,Positive," Perfect pizza but it was good for a bar. good selection of beers!!"" best pizza in the area by far.  very friendly staff!  great food and fast delivery.  highly recommend the chicken cesar pizza! ""ordered sushi pizza and extra salmon sushi combo.  food came quickly and the quality of the salmon in the sashimi was very good.   food quality was good, portions reasonable, and prices are reasonable.  good place to come for a quick meal."" ""stopped in on a sunday afternoon and i could not resist a slice of pizza and a beer for $5. it turned out great. i liked the pizza. it has a crispy crust and they really load up the toppings. it's "
157,5,Positive," Perfect pizza!!!  it's my """"special treat"""" when i need one. it's hard to find good pizza anywhere near me, but i have to say they know how to shake an excellent one here.  a huge part of what makes this place special is the staff. they are very understanding and patient with their customers.  i will wager a guess that if i needed to take a huge bite of pizza here and there would be at least 2 other people there helping me.  a steady flow of customers would approach the counter to ask for their order, and it would be over an hour wait for my food to come.  my guess is they don't serve pizza like this all the time, but rather pizza like this where they can actually "
158,5,Positive," Perfect pizza smells so good to boot!  i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though.  a rare gem in this city!! it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good!!  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers.  that was the gist of the pizza, and i'll be posting pictures of it too.  the hot cookies were quite a treat too, and i definitely recommend them if you're a fan of heavy handed discipline. "
159,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, great sauce and excellent customer service. they even brought me a yummy dessert !"" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmm and do not forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the diavola pizza with spicy salami is equally delicious. the crust here is right up there with terroni and the "
160,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, food is good, and the place is very spacious - it's nice to be able to read the menu a little wider than you would like, but nonetheless, great to have a place to just relax with good beers and good food and...have a blast!"" ""excellent pizza!  the staff is super friendly!  they were able to help me perfect my squeeze buns! awesome!   the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that i was hoping for more variety in the types of items they offer, but that's to be expected when you're a beer buff.  my only complaint is that the menu doesn't list the hours when they are open, so i don't know "
161,5,Positive," Perfect pizza...which i forgot to mention in my recent review. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.  i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could "
162,5,Positive," Perfect pizza that was really good!! this was my second time in the last few months eating there and i must say i was quite impressed by the pizza they make. their crust is so thin and crispy. i also tried the garlic chicken dance, which is spicy chicken with a garlic sauce base.  there was a touch of garlic to it, which i enjoyed.  the garlic was also used to season the chicken.  for dessert i had the tiramisu, and i must admit that was not an unpleasent surprise.  there is a steep price tag on this place, and i highly recommend trying it out for a slice or two.  for $5.99 she got the pizza, and i got to try several different kinds of "
163,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and a salad. i enjoyed both! took home a slice of the toasted crust pizza and became addicted fast. can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""got a slice of their pizza and it was amazing. i think this is the type of restaurant that every young professional should be visiting! a place that delivers pizza to your table, that is not only is it delicious, it is their specialty! highly recommended!!"" ""fantastic pizza and salad, pizza that is not too thick and it's nicely flavored, not too thin crust pizza. we had the pasta dinner with sausage and mushrooms and it was amazing. i also need to mention how delicious the caesar salad was! very generous portions of food!  the "
164,5,Positive," Perfect pizza here!  place has been around for quite a while and is always good  custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients on top. meats on the bottom really shows off their handcraftsmanship.  i've spent the past 9 months traveling the world and have never had a bad experience . i definitely recommend this place for any type of traveler, anytime, anywhere! ""awesome place.  great pizza, great pizza sauce.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" ""fa cappa!  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  ample parking.  great pizza and "
165,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i thought it was amazing. i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad! the feta in the mediterranean salad is super yummy, though on the salty side.  i went there again today, after ordering delivery yesterday. i don't plan on going tomorrow, but we will see."" staff is always nice and their pizza is awesome! the wings are good too! and so many other things! great place to get pizza!! this is the place to get the best pizza!! ""first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the cheef"""" sandwich, great flavor. friends said the pizza "
166,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i am happy to discover that they are actually good! good prices. gluten free. yum!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. very fresh. very local. very few complaints.   i also tried the garlic cheese bread. excellent.  the garlic bread was also tasty. some dishes required dipping, but the family did it all for me. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped "
167,5,Positive," Perfect pizza was amazing!   some of the specials were amazing too!  like lasagna for just me and my husband, hot peppers for just us, they gave us a few good slices of pepperoni and an order of chicken tenders.  add to that spicy sauce they added a fried egg !"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had for breakfast. very thin crust indeed.   "
168,5,Positive," Perfect pizza place in the early 2000's. enlarged from the tiny 2 person place we ate at college  to the 4 person restaurant we now call home. enlarged 2 person menu to include deep dish, souffle, and PF.  pasta and meat lovers, my friends, are we still good? no. but we will always be good friends.  piola is classic italian pizza, service is wonderful always friendly and fast. wine and whiskey recommendations too!  first time i ate there i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, salami, and sausages. i thought this was so awesome! it was delicious!  second time i ate there i ordered a pizza with mushrooms, sweet peppers, and onions. (i don "
169,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, fresh ingredients, good sauce. i would try it but i live in cleveland so damn i wont go anywhere without first eating there. there is a reason that the are so few restaurants with branches in cleveland! ""it's pretty difficult to make a 5-star pizza here. the staff is very friendly, the only issue i have is that they are generally very busy when the pizza leaves the oven. that being said, they are very good at their job and are always willing to work, so good on them for that.  i will continue to come back, but i will probably be ordering from their pizza place rather than try out their sandwiches or pasta. the service here is about 4 stars too."" ""i would "
170,5,Positive," Perfect pizza...again and again.  first time i ate there i ordered 2 xl pizzas, which were enormous. they were a generous portion with a nice flavor.  he said they were very busy at the time, so i guess it wasn't the best idea to order them immediately.  second time i ate there i got a pizza special that was 75% off. i ordered them earlier in the morning to be ready at 11:30 for lunch. when i walked in a few minutes before 11:30 they were just coming out of the oven. they were ready when i walked in, and were only $0.75 - a great deal!  some of the reviews on yelp are really good.  "
171,5,Positive," Perfect pizza service. very polite and friendly servers. good pizza and salad. instructions on how to correctly and properly serve a mushroom flatbread to the owner. half way through baking my husband and myself were still speechless. must have been because the pizza part came quickly. well worth the money!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe "
172,5,Positive," Perfect pizza & outstanding delivery service! ""excellent pizza! i travel a lot and one of my favorite things in different cities is to try a locally owned pizza place. delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and breadsticks were hot on arrival and the delivery guy was friendly.   the breadsticks came with a really flavorful sauce and themselves were perfectly baked and seasoned. the pizza was just a cheese pizza and the ratio of the ingredients on the pizza was on point and tasted great!   as much pizza as i eat i ought to be considered an expert and if i wasn't leaving town tomorrow i'd be visiting these guys again. great food. thank you!"" ""we like "
173,5,Positive," Perfect pizza. service was great. pizzas were hot and fresh. staff was great. overall great experience. great place to get pizzas. ""first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the cheef"""" sandwich, great flavor. friends said the pizza was really good too."" ""vegan options in downtown vegas!!! pizza was super tasty and the service was pretty decent. half way through baking my pie they remembered that i only wanted mushrooms on half, so they took it out of the oven and picked them off.  kind of weird, but whatever."" authentic italian pizza made with fresh ingredients! do yourself a favor and place an order tonight! personally love the quattro formaggio pizza! ""after "
174,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, fresh ingredients, good prices. good place to get pizza."" ""fast forward every trip from nyc to pitt includes a visit to aiello's.   if there's one thing i know about aiello's it's that they never fail to deliver.   i'm not really a pizza enthusiast so when i say they never fail to deliver. i really mean it.  every time i've ordered from them the pizza has been correct and delicious.  on the plus side they never force you to overindulge or burn your mouth.    the only time i've had a bad experience is when they don't have out-of-state delivery so i can't comment "
175,5,Positive," Perfect pizza -- we didn't try any specialties we just wanted pizza that was good, quick and done by us. nice service also and the place was packed with patrons."" ""tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that i would be happy to call my local watering hole.   cont'd below, but first off -- as far as pizza goes, tops are total champions! super heavy yet not greasy, and loaded the hell up with tasty toppings, tops does pizza right. we got the new york, meat-eaters, vegetarian, hawaiian, and a special pizza for under $50 bucks and it was fantastic! super heavy yet not greasy, and loaded the hell up with tasty topp "
176,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and hot peppers and it was an awesome thing to do. i'll be back t... read more<|endoftext|>if you go by ride , you will see that there is a good selection of electric bikes for rent.  the one i got to try was pretty impressive, having just come from riding there.  there were a few things that bugged me, such as the fact that there are no toll booths at all, but we will definitely be coming back!  there were a few young girls working the counter, which i appreciated since they must have been through tough times before they got here.  also, there were quite a few people in there, which i will definitely be returning.  all the money they earn is going towards the pension of "
177,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i am a pizza lover after all. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.  i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished "
178,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, amazing sauce, amazing delivery. pizza was amazing! i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad! the feta in the mediterranean salad is super yummy, though on the salty side.  i also tried the giant slice of pizza they give to the homeless. it was tasty, and the crust was cooked to perfection."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the valley.  the pizza is good, fresh, and the staff is very nice.  the closest danny boys will ever be is within walking distance of "
179,5,Positive," Perfect pizza but with chicken and it was awesome. kind of pricey but well worth it.  overall very good pizza but i prefer pizzas to be bigger because they're much easier to clean and there's less messy up afterwards."" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great crust, and no """"american"""" tomato sauce or any other hot peppers. i just love the mild, garlicky sauce.  all pizza toppings are really good. i am not a huge tomato lover but these babies are phenomenal.  service is quick and friendly.  best part? the "
180,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, but it was good! i was essentially eating a baked pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was very tasty indeed, but the serving was large so somebody give me a shout if ya want to split it evenly... :)"" ""i ordered 2 xl pizzas, the mama mia and the grilled garlic chicken. they were incredible! i ordered them earlier in the morning to be ready at 11:30 for lunch. when i walked in a few minutes before 11:30 they were just coming out of the oven. they were hot and fresh. great service! i will definitely be back!"" "" "
181,5,Positive," Perfect pizza here!  loved the fried dough with powdered and cinnamon sugar.  service was wonderful.  both the girls working were polite and helpful.  ""good prices.  good ny pizza.  fast.  good selection of slices with cool toppings.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust "
182,5,Positive," Perfect pizza with fresh ingredients, decent price. service was good. environment is nice and their is a good selection of beers!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i just came from piola and this place was a perfect stop.   the pizza was very good.  the garlic bread and wedges that came with the chicken mix was very good.   the garlic bread was not only delicious, it was also from around this same location.   i will definitely be back.   we are delivery junkies for this place.  every time we go there "
183,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i do recommend the pepperoni's . they are real, they are fresh, and they are the type of pizza you want to share with your date.  if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard pizza,  i'm sure it would be much easier to enjoy by the slice.  my date and i both had the same reaction - wow, that was delicious!  the pepperoni's were not overly sweet or overly processed,  they just stood out clearly.  i realize this may sound weird, but the pizza here is consistent - fresh, tasty, and prompt service.  this may sound strange, but i LOVE this place!    this place has a lot going for "
184,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, fresh ingredients, good service. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
185,5,Positive," Perfect pizza but with vegetables! my only complaint is that the paneer bread that came with the chicken was quite dry.  i don't know what their recipe is but it was simply bread cubes that came with the chicken.  that said, the paneer bread that came with the chicken was also quite good.  i had it plain and it was not home made but it was something that came with the chicken.  that said, the garlic bread that came with the chicken was also good.  i had it with eggs and it was not too thick or too thin but it was enough to get you going.  i had a cheese pizza and i must say that was not a negative comment as i had never had a cheese pizza fail me before. "
186,5,Positive," Perfect pizza delivery! awesome sauce, great texture and hardly any sauce. local pizza hut gives it away so why not give it a try. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a can of tahitian treat! excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little extra garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store "
187,5,Positive," Perfect pizza. my only complaint is that while i was flipping through the menu, i happened to glance at the delivery section labeled Lunch.  which it was, i flipped through the menu expecting to find a pizza that met my needs.  delivered to my suite in nothing but pizza and wings.  which i did, and although the pizza and wings are great, the actual food was just okay.    a steady flow of customers would walk in to pick up their pizzas, which was kind of funny.  they have a delivery service, right?    i would have been happy to order from them again, but today i ordered pizza from wings.  they deliver quickly, and their pizza is out of this world!""  "
188,5,Positive," Perfect pizza. got the quattro formaggio... read more   mrs_fillipo@yahoo.com  momofuku is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both! date: duce parksuite - techno beats everything! there is no other club in montreal where s/he can get the most out of themselves by showing off their jacuzzi glass, grabbing a handful of tvs and having a blast.   i thought they had shut their doors down so we thought we'd better head over to business for a slice of the pizza we ordered. well, hello there! glad you came to visit us, it was very good pizza! the staff is "
189,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, always go there! ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i said i was being sarcastic when i said there wasn't many salads in montreal. there were only a couple tiny handful on the menu, but those that were on the small end of things were good. the large end was just okay it wasn't bad.  i'll be back when i'm in town and try to recreate that excellent thin crust pizza. the only problem was how hard it was to make a 4 inch pizza from scratch.  i think the large half is just okay it's best eaten with a fork.  every one needs to go here!  it's a good place! the pizza is good! the salad is great! the service "
190,5,Positive," Perfect pizza that you can customize to your exact specifications. one piece of my daughter's favorite was the pepperoni pizza. she added an egg white to it but i just asked because i am a big egg person. another one i enjoyed very much was the fried green pepperoni. the crust was done by hand as well as the filling. i realize that is what sold them but they were done by hand and so on. i will definitely be back until they open an umbrella location in my area. happy to say that is close to opening as well."" "" lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy "
191,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i love it. service is good and friendly.  ""fantastic pizza and outstanding service!   lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding "
192,5,Positive," Perfect pizza.  here is the best one we have had in the valley.    this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere inside is nice and it is like stepping away from the busy area just outside its doors.  it was clean and comfortable and very relaxing.  the service was great and our waitress was knowledgeable about the menu."" ""flour & barley is located on the linq promenade.  this place has really good wood fire pizzas.  you can buy the pizza by the slice at the stand right next to the restaurant.  if you want to try their specialty pizzas, you will have to order from the restaurant.   each pizza is about 11 inches, and the crust is really "
193,5,Positive," Perfect pizza here. service is fine and staff is great. many customers ask about getting drinks here. my advice is to try a locally owned pizza place first, then a delivery place. you won't be disappointed."" ""great pizza!! this is the type of restaurant that is typically found downtown pittsburgh. we enjoyed everything we tried, and the pizza was the type you get stuck doing.   pizza chez danny makes pizza you will love. the wings are good and the chicken philly is great. the staff was very friendly.  will be returning !!!"" ""great food!! stumbled upon this place after walking all evening and was pleasantly surprised.   -rambling ramblings when you "
194,5,Positive," Perfect pizza, always friendly staff. a great stop for a quick bite while shopping."" ""stopped in on a sunday afternoon and i could not resist a slice of pizza and a beer for only $2.75. what a great idea! i had a slice of their pizza, their pizza was amazing, i loved it! i'll be back to have more from this amazing location! i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza coming, but it was obvious that the pizza was good! a thick slice with extra sauce on top is what sold me. i am not a pizza enthusiast, but i would have definitely ordered a pizza more like a medium/large ratio pizza, with more sauce on it. i think the ratio "
195,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i really liked the garlic bread with it. not spicy at all. good place to get pizza or to just stop in if you're looking for a quick bite. i would definitely come back!"" ""i would like to try this restaurant again, but i would prefer it to be a little closer to my place in anthem. i would also like to try a gluten free pizza, but that is a little different. my mom always had pizza, and my dad always had pizza, so i've never tried that. should definitely be a treat for the whole family!   the pizza here is pretty standard, mostly because the oven is right in the lounge.  i also found the cupcakes  extremely tasty, especially if you are "
196,5,Positive," Perfect pizza!! this is the type of restaurant that is typically found downtown pittsburgh. not the best pizza but damn good!! this is the type of restaurant that is typically found south side of 215.   pizza is nice thin crunchy crust with an amazing sauce. very heavy on the garlic.   first time i ate there i ordered a pepporoni slice, and thats where it all started.  nt really fond of the large pepperoni pizza, but it was good.  ta da!  wings were great too, nice and spicy and very good.  will definitely be back"" ""great place.  parking is easy, order takeout.  pizza is great.  the wings are "
197,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and the wings were awesome! highly recommend! ""best pizza in the area by far. this place is so good at what they do. great pizza, amazing wings, and they are very neighborly with their service! whenever i have a pizza craving i will be coming here. friendly staff, and off i go! ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken pizza the next. the """"grilled"""" pizza has an awesome charred taste.  wish i could have tried the apple fritters but i walked up to the counter at 11:01 and they had stopped serving breakfast. they should really serve "
198,5,Positive," Perfect pizza and i really liked the mediterranean pizza.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also tasty.  overall, great place to get pizzas.  the staff is very nice and friendly, and is very busy most days.  i would definitely come back!"" i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious and it was ready in less than 5 minutes.  i am a fan of this place and will be back.  the place is cool and happy. we love their margarita pizza!  their delivery service is always fast and their food is amazing.  highly recommend! "
199,5,Positive, Perfect pizza here! very proud to say we are the only ones in town that don't serve chicken parmesan here.  i liked the thin crust here on montreal.  they have really good thin crust pizza.  i also like the large cheese pizza here at all-meat.  small cheese pizzas are good here too.  pizza is ready by the slice or the phily style.  the pizza is huge - about 8 inches.  i almost never eat pizza here but i always return.  location is great - clear cupcakes and white pizza are my fave.  if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  super 
200,5,Positive," Perfect pizza. i would order it again (with pepperoni) if i could have it right now. it's in the early stages of development, but it's looking pretty awesome so far!   the beer selection was eclectic. wine, beer, porter, magic pizza, and the blackberry pie were my favorites. there was also a craft cocktail egg roll, which i actually ate! craft cocktails are definitely good!   note that they are attentive service, not rude. they also are not push overs, they just do their job.   i appreciate the effort and business involved. what i appreciate about this place is that it's real, it's authentic, and it's close to my house.   i "
201,5,Positive, Perfect pizza after reading the pther yelp reviews.  small place open 24/7 but very busy at night.  very happy with this location as it is very family orientated.    the parents took me here while i was home for labor day.  we were waiting for the cab to come to us when we were leaving.  we had just finished eating dinner and were walking outside when my dad told us a beautiful family had just arrived with their 3 daughters.  we looked over at the girls who were just coming out of the kitchen and they were all smiles and took off running.  we walked over to the boys who were playing with the girls and told them we wanted to go back inside and they both gave us thumbs 
202,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff! i droned through my note books trying to locate any pizza place that i had missed, when i finally reached it was still warm and fresh from the oven.  i'm not really a pizza enthusiast so i have no idea what their delivery method is, but let me say that it was very fast indeed!  my husband and i had they pizza together in less than 5 minutes, and the crust was perfectly cooked and seasoned to perfection.  the sauce was not greasy nor was the pizza cold, but rather warm and sauceable.  i do wish that i had taken a picture so you could see the thickness of the pizza, because it is very big when sliced.  i also wish that i "
203,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients; great price; thank goodness we are inside the linq promenade. seriously, give this place a try."" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 coast hicks."" ""we love black rock!!! this is the best pizza we have had in a long time. new york was a nice break from the normal pizza. tasty. greasy. not a lot of toppings on there, but they are SOOOOOO good!  but it's the service that really makes us fall in love. we are service members so we are used to good service.  i believe my husband and i are satisfied.  time will tell."" "" "
204,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and friendly staff! will be returning!! :) ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with "
205,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great service. when im in town  again i will be coming here "" good prices.  good ny pizza.  fast.  good selection of slices with cool toppings.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" "" the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get "
206,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great price.  5 stars all the way!"" ""best new york pizza in the summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!  very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk "
207,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and friendly staff alike. we will be back! :)"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the garlic knots that we ate were fresh.   some "
208,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, high quality shellac, good price. a great place to get lunch with the kids, get dinner here and have dinner there as well. young couple got here on a wednesday and were seated right away! very happy we came here and will be back!"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, drive thru on bp road just past the bridge. walk up to the counter at which they offer you a free lunch. i did not ask for extra spicy but the message was clear - hot or cold, fresh or canned, ketchup or mayo, if you like it hot, you can eat it too! glad we came here! glad we reviewed here!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post "
209,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and very few condiments.  service was great.  peaceful gathering.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very tidy and secure on the inside.  please come back, try the wonderful fried dough and the many variations on the theme - we will be back enjoying your company!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in "
210,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great price! highly recommend the chicken bisque. the family that runs this place seem to be very laid back and happy to serve their customers. also ask them to make your honey sourdough starter delicious! ""sweet and spicy chicken soup. served with toasted crostini. excellent on the go breakfast! ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast delivery of the best pizza!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  no matter the size of my family they always deliver quickly.  very friendly staff.  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i am out for a stroll. service is good and quick. pizza is awesome! ""ordered the gluten "
211,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great service. what more can you ask for?"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took "
212,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and friendly staff. we will be back."" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great crust, and no """"american"""" tomato sauce, but rather a good fresh, ground, uncooked tomato sauce that gets cooked in the oven. the pepperoni is not like you get in the us. it is sausage resembling more of a home made pepperoni with strong pork flavor. the mozzarella cheese is made fresh and the parmesan is real, no fillers. salads are generous and very tasty with a simple dressing. the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you "
213,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients!!  i am not a big pie guy but this is the best i have had in the valley.  the staff is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn't share. highly recommend."" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next "
214,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, quality. another favorite is the fried mushroom and zucchini sticks. these are great after a hard day's work! and so many other toppings you can try it is amazing. i am not a huge fan of the cheesy types of pizza but they work great!   overall great place to get pizza. great staff, great pizza. all around a great place to get pizza. honest review over on yelp."" ""fa cappa, la casa, son pepe, forza, molto giordanos, asado... pizza is simple. great pizza. family owned and operated. location is super yummy. nice atmosphere and service. high quality pizza. they seem to doing a good business "
215,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, friendly staff and decent price. good place to get pizzas, wings, pasta dishes or as an after dinner get together with your date and get pizza together for a flat price.  you get the pizza and you serve the wine, damn it.  i would have gladly given that same order to a friend but i was too hungry to care.  if you want a pizza that will blow your mind, go elsewhere.  you won't be sorry."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy.  we get there own personal pizza which is huge.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my "
216,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great service! everything is homemade and the utensils are of the highest quality. my only complaint is that the top was very burnt through on the bottom, but that could have been easily avoided had the chef/owner not been so quick to serve us. not that we minded having it all served, but we preferred not to gawk at the mess as we ate our way through the middle portion. but hey, it was all so delicious! a perfect blend of spicy garlic and fresh basil. must have been something else she ate too, i don't know...maybe chicken.   will definitely be back when i am in the area!    the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that "
217,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and decent price. good place to get drinks, pizzas and chicken. ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. thumbs up!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the "
218,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and friendly staff! twice during my stay I asked for a sauce, to my surprise it came through and was included in the bill.   i would really recommend this place to anyone, it's a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.  "
219,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big portions, right down to the good ones. good service. overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a couple of slices of pizza and they were amazing. the crust was so good i could not stop eating it. i think this might be my new favorite place to eat. they have tons of great  local  great food! happy to say they opened a table for us here!"" ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, art "
220,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big fat olives, fresh basil, thyme, and it's surprisingly yummy!  i crave it right know it's bad when i go there but it's the only thing not generously given.  one of my fav things to do is get dinner here before catching a rep film at cinema du parc.  there's a reason that every movie theatre in montreal opens early and keeps serving up pizza?  they all have it.  if you get dinner here before catching a rep film at cineplex you will have eaten dinner with your date!  my date and i were looking for a new pizza place to try and found it easily.  the staff is super friendly and helpful.  i will be back.""  "
221,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. my new local go to spot for pizza !!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  scott the owner, the staff and the décor was very inviting.  the pizza was very good. the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of mushrooms and garlic "
222,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big juicy tomatoes, fresh herbs and the marinara sauce. marinara is awesome and i am totally obsessed with spicy food. this is definitely a good place for group activities or to bring the whole family. marinara is also really tasty btw. the tomatoes are super fresh and the pepperoni is not to heavy for like 4 people.  i think the whole family could learn a thing or two from this place.  for those of you who are wondering no i am not th owner is he just a regular guy that brought us here on a weekday night. we had a blast!!! loved the homemade spicy diavola sauce and the garlic bread with which to garnish. i also need to mention how delicious the sweet "
223,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, high quality, locally sourced ingredients. We also love the mediterranean pizza!  everything is awesome here! the pizza is the best pizza i have had in the area. the new york theme and decor is very pleasant. it was very busy inside but everyone was friendly. must endorse!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lah7spzzw2mlvafag).  great pizza and salad. very friendly staff. must endorse!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos "
224,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great price!  we look forward to coming back!!"" ""yummmmm!  the atmosphere is so comfortable, i especially love the patio area where we like to enjoy a glass of wine and a couple of appetizers. the food is excellent especially the pizza and i think its hard to find good pizza!! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :) great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their "
225,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, nice and spicy... what more can you ask for?"" ""the best new york pizza in the city by far. this place is the real deal starting with the new york theme and great pizza. great service and they really know how to serve their pizza. they even serve up a homemade strawberry shortcake !"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. "
226,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big fat cheesy arugula and an amazing sangria. i am not a soda drinker at all but i love the tractor soda and i wish there was somewhere i could purchase it! the only thing not to like today was how long everything took. it already took us 45 minutes to drive there, another 30+ minutes of waiting to order and 30+ to get out food. our food also came out all separate. we got our tacos first, 10 minutes later my bf got his burger and 15 minutes later i got my pizza."" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious"
227,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, lots of them! wish we had something like this place here on the west side. it's nice to have a place to just relax with good beers and good food locally."" ""what a wonderful find! delicious, inventive, hand-crafted food, together with warm & welcoming service in a fun downtown locale. we enjoyed everything we tried, and since there were four of us and we did everything family style, we tried a lot! highlights included the beets & gnudi, the mushroom polenta, the cacio e pepe, the butternut squash agnotti, and the butterscotch dessert. the bacon/onion/egg pizza and crispy pancetta cavatelli were also great. thanks to eric "
228,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients , good price . i would definitely order from here time and time again . if you like thin greasy pizza then go to sal's. if you want the real deal then go to sal's right away. the only reason i am giving them a 5 star rating is because it took them forever to process my transfer from yelp to facebook so i can't really give them 5 stars unless i am able to go back and try it myself. all the other items  i have tried are excellent and the only reason i am giving them a 4 is because they do not accept bitcoin. so for those of you who are wondering no i am not th owner but i am one of his best customers i bet. the only reason i am giving them "
229,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, good service, outstanding pizza taste great! we will be back!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had for lunch. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. can't wait to try them. "
230,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and friendly staff. will be back as often as i need to eat out. fresh veggies, meat, and pasta. kfc who? ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go "
231,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big portions with very little work! great place to get together with colleagues or to get together and eat with your colleagues! great place to get together with friends and have a great meal! great place to get together with family members and have a great meal! great place to get together with co-workers and have a great meal! great place to get together with customers and have a great meal! great place to get together with sitters and have a great meal!"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always "
232,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and friendly staff! my only complaint is that the margarita fountain in the plaza was frozen for approximately two minutes when it was revealed that there were no leftovers.   cannot wait to go back!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin greasy crust. very fresh and tasty.  the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as "
233,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, right place, right there."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. can't wait to try them.   it "
234,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great price! Highly recommend this place! ""This is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast and friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and quick. pizza is delicious. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas. price is very good, cheaper than most places."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i "
235,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big slices of pizza and an okay selection of beers. we got the new york, vegetarian, hi protein, hi fat and the white..."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin "
236,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great service... what's not to like about this place?  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing... the chicken tenders, the garbanzo beans, the white sauce, the jalapeno, the jalapeno, the eggplant, the squash, the artichoke, the walnut, and the bacon.   everything was amazing, and we will definitely be ordering from here time and time again.    every one needs to go here!  every one!"" ""great pizza, great sauce. welp, ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,, delicious! i am a new york so have no experience "
237,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and decent price. i would recommend this to anyone<|endoftext|>Rolex Submariner ""la casa"" - great day! wonderful service and excellent pizza! highly recommended!! ""la casa"" has a lot going for it.  it's a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  it's got a tv on which they talk baseball and football, and they play a lot of mario kart.  the pizza is solid for a bar.  wings are good too.  pricey, but they are hot when they are ordered and very good when eaten.  a very good bar that plays mario kart.  amen to that!  small place with a lot of customers, but they are very friendly.  "
238,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big salads, great service. what more can you ask for?"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
239,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients , good selection of pizzas and the ranch dressing really makes this is a winner choice.  service was very friendly which was also mentioned on the menu.  fresh and tasty.  add in the fact that a number of them deliver and you've basically got yourself a pizza recipe. my only complaint is that the slice is much too small for my liking. that's up to me."" ""great pizza!! this is the type of restaurant that is typically found downtown pittsburgh. we enjoyed everything we tried, including the duck poutine. extremely fatty, but absolutely loved it! highly recommend."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in "
240,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, but high quality.  there's a reason that every pizza place i've been to has high praise for their service. they are very on point when it comes to their customers and are very friendly.  i would have to say i like the nyc small pizza joint vibe. the place is always filled with hs kids hanging out, laughing, and eating.  my wife and i are big Mets fans and love all the random stuff that goes on during the day.  my only complaint is that the glass of wine is small and i don't know how many people can afford to go back and get a full glass.  i think the place needs a little sprucing up, tidier, and cleaner."" ""fl "
241,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and decent price. well seasoned and worked great. will order from time to time. ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. "
242,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, nice and spicy hot peppers, real meat flavor, lots of great fresh toppings. service was great. overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""great pizza, great price!   the receipt came with a nice receipt with all the food and my surprise was how generous my husband was with the food he shared. he shared a couple of pizzas, a salad, a small pasta dish, and a bunch of hot peppers. the pasta was quite good, though i preferred the milder version. the jalapeno was not too spicy or overwhelming, and i really liked the crisp yet chewy crust. it came with lots of fresh green salads. my husband also shared a jar of sourd "
243,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients , good price. beans and rice were very good. next time i will be giving that chili pepper to my family .  cheers , enjoyed your meal."" ""i thought everything was fantastic. from the moment we walked in, it was apparent that everyone was very pleased with the selection of beers we had, and that we were able to try a wide variety of beers! certainly enjoyed!"" ""lyndsy's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the negative reviews on this place's wait times and busyness should not count against it. this restaurant just opened no more than 5 months ago, and has yet to receive a bad review on it's wait times or busyness.    "
244,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big chunks of pizza and an average sized salad. food is good. price is good. location is good. great beer selection."" ""flour & barley is located on the linq promenade.  this place has really good beer selection.  if you like strong beer, then this is the place for you.  if you like thin greasy pizza, then leave town and come to grand opening weekend.  there are a few beers on tap, but the majority of the time its lagers.  my friends and i wanted to try a wide variety of beers, so we ordered a burger.  it was very flavorful!  location wasn't a huge deal to us, as we expected.  we will be back "
245,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big fat olives, fresh basil, fresh crab, and walnuts. well seasoned with pepper. bacon and apple pie are my fave. next up is the white chapel pizza, and i'll have said it was excellent! now for the bad news. there is no new york style pizza, only the old school style. which is why i am so disappointed. the new york pizza is very hard to make, but not impossible. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was on the crust. i assume that is why there was such a thin layer of cheese.  second time i ate there i added pepperoni to half of my pizza.   whenever i have a pizza craving i will be coming back "
246,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, superb service... what's not to like about this place!  we ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains.  first time i ate there i ordered the applegate mains, which was a daikon and crispy chicken mix.   he said that they were great!   he also said that they were very nice inside, and that they were definitely good.   he also said that they were very timely, and that they were all gone before another thought came up.  i guess it depends on the week.  if it's been a week or so, i may have missed a few mains.  my husband and i both ordered pizza from there and were sat right "
247,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and decent price. a HUGE plus for $10.99!!!! ""oh so i guess the yummy pizza is good and i am a sucker for fresh fruits and veggies. what i really liked today was that i could have gotten a fresh mozzarella cheese product for only $2.50!  i realize now why they don't come in all caps because there is a limit on the size of cans you can produce.  my only complaint is that the can is very small. i think it needs bigger holes in it to hold everything together. but i still give it a thumbs up because it is cheaper than buying fresh fruit and veggies.  50 cents for a can of tahitian treat!    cornhole "
248,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and large chunks of pepperoni, that is what sold me.  there was a decent amount of customers in there too.  i ordered my pizza carry out and got charged for one large slice of pizza and the rest for taken out.  delivery dude was nice."" this place is always great my family loves to go here whenever i am in the area. great pizza and salad. ""first time eating there and was very impressed with the fresh ingredients they use in the dough. i also tried the mushroom pizza and it was delicious. not the best pizza ever but it was good!  when my family is not in the area they go to lunch here on a tuesDAY. my mom and i both had pizzas and they "
249,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, decent price. good part old school friendly. bottom line: good place to get pizzas, get pizzas fast."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and quick. pizza is delicious. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas. price is very good, cheaper than most places."" ""ordered the gluten free pest "
250,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, high quality crisp chopped tomatoes, fresh herbs and the marinara sauce that we love!  the crust is chewy and delicious.  It's not the most delicious thing ever, but we will treasure it as long as we eat it.  marinara is really good too, but we will stick to the grilled chicken and beef.   our only complaint is that the mozzarella cheese is too thin for our liking. we do wish that they served us with more garlic bread, but we really enjoyed our thin crust and garlic bread.   other than that, we were extremely pleased with the thin crust chicken and beef.  they have a lot of garlic bread, which is kind of important.  we also loved the "
251,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big fat olives, fresh basil and drizzled with a sweet bbq sauce. delicious.  service was great - attentive, polite and friendly.  look for the great daily specials - wednesdays is half price bottles of wine! so awesome.   whats new: half pizza, half chicken parm hoagie. very tasty.  what's new:  half pizza, half chicken parm hoagie. very tasty.  they added a few more sandwiches, but the main one was fantastic!  i think the Luke's drive in is a nice place.  if you get a full pizza, you get a slice of the hoagie too.  is it "
252,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great price. good service. overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn't share. highly recommend."" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll be stopping "
253,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, high quality. fresh since it's delivery via courier. no middlemen. try it, you'll love it."" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the high roller and got the garlic cheese bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...our first time there, all the food was "
254,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, well seasoned with black pepper. followed by a classic to go with their surprisingly fresh salads. we also dined in on monday and got the chicken wrap with feta and hummus. both of which we loved. tonight we were craving the pizza....tomorrow we'll be back again and again. steam coming out of the oven, ready and waiting for us....wish i could have taken a picture so you could see the pizza being made, but it was busy being taken so i left it at the table.   the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere was very pleasant.   i would like to try other items but i know it's a crock pot meal."" ""i would like "
255,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big buy."" ""ordered pizza and when it came with the large container of tomato sauce i just smiled and laughed.   the pizza here uses fresh mozzarella cheese which is super yummy.  however, the sauce is so good that i am totally thrilled that a bakery allows them to use tomato sauce instead of using soy sauce which is found in too many pizza restaurants.   the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent.  the delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and delivery were in about 5 minutes.  not bad.  the delivery guy was very friendly.  i will be back to have more from you guys.  your pizza is "
256,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big fat olives, fresh basil and sweetened condensed milk.  we also had the fresh mozzarella cheese!  this was very good!  i crave it all the time!  service was wonderful - fast, friendly and polite.  as a lifelong Missouri native and avid eater of pizza i can tell you that is very easy it to find a good pizza here.  you will have an excellent pizza if you are a first-timer!  my wife is a huge fan and said she thoroughly enjoyed every bite!  i will be back - probably for a date night without fail!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as "
257,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, high quality, fresh cuts. fresh and tasty. they were great too, but the pizza was the real star.  please, go ahead and make your reservation. you won't be sorry."" ""always searching for a lunch deal, this is the place to go! arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though! excellent pizza and good wings! highly recommend!"" ""this is probably the best pizza i have ever eaten. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they also have a great selection of beers!! pizza is really good. very friendly staff. will be returning!!"" ""faustina's is "
258,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. i will definitely be back!!"" ""my boyfriend and i heard about from a friend so we decided to try it out. great pizza and wings. what more could you possibly want."" ""fantastic pizza and wings. what more could you possibly want?"" ""just finished lunch. greatly enjoyed the pizza and the wings. they were really good.  the service was very fast and friendly. great atmosphere and the service was excellent. quick and friendly service."" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. loved the chicken.  the staff was great.  fantastic pizza and wings. what more could you possibly want?"" ""from time to time, my "
259,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and friendly staff. would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 500 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular"
260,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients indeed. i had the pasta dinner with sausage and mushrooms and it was very very very good. i have had the cheesecakes there and they are not home made but ok when you have a sweet tooth.  the deliveries are very quick. i went to the actual store and it was clean and i watched them prepare the food and they used gloves. they are always friendly and polite. the store is located off lorain road closer to the fairview bridge and kamn's corner area.  there is plenty of parking and you can bike there if you want."" bruno was recommended to us by a good friend and they did not stear us wrong.  one of the best pizzas we have had in a long time. "
261,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great price! my family and i came here before a concert at consol center. it was very busy at all, including the security guards.  i had a candy cane with smoothie crumbles and they crushed them perfectly.  i also had the basil pizza with basil, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes.  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.  i will be back; happy to say my husband is back as well!  we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" "
262,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, good price.  we will be back!"" ""great pizza!! this is the type of restaurant that is typically found downtown pittsburgh. we had the pork wings which had a smokey sweet bbq sauce. they were amazing. the pizza was around 12 inches and was about medium/thin thickness. it is pricey and i highly recommend going during happy hour to save some money. which reminds me, the beer selection was eclectic and i enjoyed some beers that i wasn't familiar with. absolutely recommend coming here."" best pizza in the area by far. one of the best i've ever had. the seafood pizza is absolutely amazing. great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  so for "
263,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, superbly seasoned crust- hand tossed but not too thin crust. rich tomato sauce that develops on the bottom of the bowl. crisp yet not burned. wonderful texture and flavor! garlic bread and wedges for dipping. 30 minute wait time. location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and freshly organized. may be best for date night or to bring along for a slice or two. prices are very fair, cheaper than most places."" ""upper crust is like grimaldi's on steroids. the two places have nearly identical decor and the pizza is extremely similar. upper crust uses a little more cheese which is nice, but they also use cornmeal on the crust which i am not crazy about. the wings are huge "
264,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. my new local go to spot for pizza !!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  scott the owner, the staff and the décor was very inviting.  the pizza was very good. the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of sauce and a "
265,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, right there and the bay window really does look awesome.  a huge part of what makes this place so great is that it's a small family owned and they are super nice - very family friendly.        when my dad took me here my mom took me here since i was young and we always used to come here on tuesdays to get dinner here. now that i am older i realize why we come here - we love to go back!! this is a great place for young professionals or for date night - great food and young professionals alike.  great food and young people alike.     date night is monday-friday 4pm to 7pm and on wednesdays they offer half "
266,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, right on top of the pizza! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. this not really ny style as i was barely able to fold the thing, but it was all about that sourdough crust. in a surprise though, the pizza did not taste good reheated. another surprise was "
267,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great price!  ""super yummy pizzas with fresh ingredients! this place gets a 5 based on how many people eat there! lol."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this place! honestly, the only pizza place ever opened in my area. we moved into the building 7 years ago and have enjoyed many tasty pizza experiences. dine in, pick up, or delivery. i'm not crazy about picking up, but it's the only way i can get my pizza here. delivery is always fast, always courteous, and the pizza here never disappoints. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, and the wings are good. they're also on point!   the only reason i would not give "
268,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great product! had i mentioned that? yes, i know it's obvious, but trust me when i say that not only is the quality of the ingredients outstanding, but they are fresh as well! i would highly recommend this place to anyone! if you are looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...sort of like pizza hut but with chicken!..."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad "
269,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients for a small pizza with fresh toppings. i had the sauce was very good and had no complaints.  service was great - attentive, polite and friendly.  this place has a solid menu; is comfortable and laid back; and has some friendly employees who obviously enjoy what they do."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar "
270,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and friendly staff. will be back frequently! ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken pizza the next. the """"grilled"""" pizza has an awesome charred taste.  wish i could have tried the apple fritters but i walked up to the counter at 11:01 and they had stopped serving breakfast. they should really serve those all day long."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old "
271,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great price! my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.  i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all "
272,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, large serving. i had the pasta dinner with sausage and mushrooms and added hot peppers to it. it was very very good and had a lot of sauce. i also had the sausage dinner with sausage and mushrooms and added a lot of mushrooms to it. it was very very good and had a lot of sauce. there was also a lot of mushrooms. there was also a lot of mushrooms. there was also a lot of garlic and spinach. it was very very good and had a lot of garlicky stuff.  please feel free to ask any question you may have and i will do my best to answer it. but seriously, great food. lots of garlic, lots of mushrooms, and good beer. best to try it sooner rather "
273,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and great service! highly recommend! ""decided to eat here after hearing about the great fried chicken they serve and ordered a large. it arrived 5 minutes later than they said it would but it was already past its sell by date and was just sitting there on the counter.  i expect it would have been great if they brought it to me because it was really hot inside.  the chicken was great and the salad was super yummy!  my only complaint is that they don't bring me food because it's hot outside and it's pretty busy inside so bear that in mind!  my husband and i both ordered pizza and the pizza was quite possibly the best pizza we've had in madison.  the sauce was not at all "
274,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and consistent quality of quality pizza. if you like thin greasy greasy pizza, go elsewhere. if you like thicker greasy pizza, go elsewhere. if you like bold...we don't yet know the full extent of the brewery's cheesesteak offerings, but they are certainly delicious.  piola is located on the linq promenade, which is fun because it's fun to watch people walk by and take in the show.   as for the pizza, well, it's pretty much the only thing not freshly baked. the slices are large and there's a decent amount of them. not that it stopped us from trying.  wing night is upon us and we plan to hit up the pizzas, "
275,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big flavors. i am not a huge tomato fan but love that this sauce is tomato based. there is a decent amount of tomatoes in this sauce.  the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and my husband always gets the pizza or open face roast chicken.my husband also enjoys the fried chicken and i do too. my son enjoys the beef fat fries with sauerkraut and cornmeal.  good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  my favorite is the daily 9 to 5. they have their "
276,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, good price. i also tried the 5-cheese, chicken 5-cheese, mushroom, egg and beef. the 5-cheese was quite good, but the taste of the mains was vinegar.  i wanted to try something new, so i ordered a Mediterranean salad. the owner was very friendly, and even though the menu has been updated a few times, the old-school yummy salad always gives me well-done pasta.  a brand new yummy salad comes with 2 medium eggs, a small can of tuna fish, a medium olives container, a small pepperoni slice, and a fresh cucumber.   it was very tasty, and i expected more from a new york location - why else "
277,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great price! not disappointed!"" ""ordered pizza and 8 inch chicken cesar pizza.  the pizza was not only delicious, but also surprisingly fresh.   the chicken was not overly salty or hot, but rather had a nice flavor.  i especially liked the crispy skin and crunchy crust.  the entire pizza was very tasty, but i preferred the 8 inch to go.    the price was very reasonable,  making this a winner choice for a variety of reasons.  the delivery guy was very personable, and was very friendly with the delivery person.  i also appreciated his recommendations on future purchases."" ""the best chicago style pizza in town! being from the east coast, that should say "
278,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and friendly staff!  will be ordering from there again!  my husband said that they were extremely nice the entire time they were open so we must have been a little bit of a waitress... maybe?    cannot wait to go back!    Cheers!"" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a pizza with pepperoni and man it was good. pizza sauce makes a good pizza and this was outstanding.  good selection of slices and cheap.  everything was amazing.  i had a custom pizza made just for me and my son, they were huge quarters and he loved them.  they were so good.    i will be back when i am in "
279,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great price! first time i ate there i ordered a pepporoni slice, and thats where it all started. he said they were great, and thats where it all started. we were sat right away, and ordered a few more things on the menu that werent bad. orders of chicken tenders were my fav, along with a few others that i did not mention.  my husband said that they were very nice, and that hesoired him. hesoired me because hes huge fan of the band kraft, and thats where the whole story got started. hes now ordered 2 eggs benedict, and they came with a nice fried egg slice.  ill be back, and serve more yummy fried chicken, and "
280,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, high quality, fresh ingredients so good i am totally delighted! we are happy to report that the yelp experience was exactly as i remembered it - friendly, fast and great service! we will be back; happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too! well done on the venture, you made a great investment!"" ""beall's is my local go to place to get pizza. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant. what more can you ask for?"" ""fantastic pizza, pizza that is. we are delivery junkies for this place. whenever we are in the area we go here. they get there own personalized pizza which is really good. our favorite is the blackened chicken and "
281,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, good price. we will be back!"" ""best new york pizza in the city! this place is a regular for my wife and i. very frequent flier miles away, we always stop in and i get a slice of the giant cinnamon roll they give away every time they have a grossleafie's item!  this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast and friendly delivery of the most amazing  yummy pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  no one but recommend this place for your americanized pizza needs.  you won't be disappointed."" ""placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was "
282,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, high quality of ingredients. highly recommended!!"" ""imon's is a great neighborhood spot for a quick bite before catching a train or bus. being that it's an hr visit from my place, i decided to stop in and have a bite. it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but rather that the delivery man was very courteous and friendly.   i got a slice of their white chapel pizza (ricotta and spinach) as well as a generic meat lovers. the white chapel is sooo goooood! the other one was tasty too, but i preferred the white chapel despite the lack of meat. the slices are pretty big, and i really liked the "
283,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big portions, great price! we had  clear pizza,  pepperoni pizza, and  sausage.   both the pizza and the meatballs were great.   pepperoni felt extra special while eating the pizza, and the whole family liked the pizza.   meatballs were small and tasted great.    will order from time to time.  my family loves  to go there!  i will be back when i am in the area.    great pizza, great price!    it's a great neighbor place. the area around the restaurant has seen better days, but their pizza is solid year round.  good selection of slices, quality ingredients, and prices.  be sure "
284,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, good selection of sandwiches and a few exceedingly small salads. one of the few places i will go to frequently that i actually like.  will absolutely be back!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as "
285,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients plus wonderful sauce.  always great service.  top notch pizza! ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (metacafe) nycrystal line on tuesdays and we were looking for a good pizza place to try.  was a little chilly outside, but everything else was great!  i ordered a pepperoni slice and my son had him have lunch with the promise of supplying us with some pizza.  when we arrived at around 5:30 pm they were gone!  i was quite happy with the decision, as pizza is pretty much the only thing not quite perfect I have had in the valley.  the wings on the other hand, were amazing! "
286,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff.  we will be back when we are in the area.   Prosciutto is a favorite of theirs too.  a slice of their bread is big enough to share with 2 friends.  only thing bad is the plaza parking is horrible as it shared with terrific restaurants/ bars.  can't wait to order from them.  price is very good, cheaper than most places."" ""best pizza in montreal.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" ""the rich tomato sauce on this pizza is what makes it special.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  the ratio of the "
287,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big flavors! my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.  i will be back; it was worth it!"" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it has a few dollops. few toppings, few balls.  super yummy.   "
288,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big fat waffles, and a jamon bread that was nicely flavored with pepper. we had  crisp, fresh green salads.  not too sweet, not too funky, just fresh.  i definitely had  the best ever  fried waffles  here.  the atmosphere is very friendly.  the kitchen is very fresh and cuppa... i am totally back to fav!    fantastic waffles, great service, and on point... they make you famous! fav.me/dag!  facebook.com/dagestanswaffles twitter.com/dagestanswaffles ""i thought everything was terrific when i walked in.  to our surprise, the servers were "
289,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big fat olives, fresh basil and it's delicious it was fresh and not weighed down with anything bad. good service and nice atmosphere. ""this is our favorite bar in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, christmas dinner, honey badger, fried chicken and many more!! yum!!"" ""yummmmm!  the pizza is solid for a bar. i think the chicken philly roll is home grown and delicious. the garlic bread and butter will make you a fan. the ketchup is ... yum!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, "
290,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and friendly staff makes this is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.  francesco is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :)  we recommend rwbq - we found love!  we also highly recommend ufcity - we love the food!  we will miss ufcity very much!"" ""fantastic pizza and coffee!! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :) great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend "
291,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, good price!  i definitely will come back!"" i came here after getting a free pizza at a yelp event.  it's hard to find a yelp event without visiting one, so i was excited to try out!  we arrived at around 11:45 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i sat on a large chair opposite the bar, as most of the other patrons would come in to order.  however, i just happened to be looking for a spot to sit down and have a beer when i happened to look up james boys ny style pizza on yelp.  it was a little pricey ($7.50 "
292,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, good price. i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they don't put a lot of salt in their food, but guess what? they don't put a lot of salt in their food either. i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they don't put a lot of salt in their food, but guess what? they don't put a lot of salt in their food either. i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they don't put a lot of salt in their food, but guess what? they don't put a lot of salt in their food either. guess what? they don't put a lot of salt in their food either. guess what? they don't put a lot of salt in their "
293,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients serve a purpose when it comes to pasta.  black olives are great, and so are the few slices of tomato that make it through the grinder.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  in a typical greasy spoon, that is exactly what you would get.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go get the usual tuesday deal, the dead give away was when the man over the phone had asked us what kind of large soda we would like and when my boyfriend had asked if he meant to say 2 liter he said no. so now that they have taken away my tuesday special i can tell you at this moment "
294,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, large variety of hot and cold, right next to each other.  it was very busy at the counter but overall it was very good  pizza . i will be back to have more from here on out.  my husband said the pizza was great too.  :)"" ""used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) in 2003 when I was at university so i can you that not only is the food delicious, this is a lovely family restaurant that treats its staff very well.   i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amelia's with the daughter at the helm, how wonderful to see this awesome family business continue "
295,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and decent price. a couple of stars because i feel that a 5-star review is really important. i am happy to see this is still around  yummy!    cheers!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was "
296,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big beautiful smile! we will be back!"" ""my boyfriend and i heard about from a friend so we decided to try it out. great pizza and wings. what else could you ask for? great experience! glad we did! we will be back."" ""the thin crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was quite good.  we also tried the thick and it was quite good.  i prefer the thick to have extra crispy crust because it makes it easier to handle.  i also like the thick to have more toppings on it because it adds an extra element of flavor.  the sauce was not on the harsh side for my boyfriend and i.  we will be back when we are in the area.  "
297,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great price!  we will be back!  food is amazing!   ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant. good service. good bar. good ambiance. good service staff. all around a great experience. glad we made a visit! fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. let's just say our wait time was 45mins. past the 60 minute mark.  delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and delivery were hot on arrival and the wait time was 45mins. past the 60 minute mark.  delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to "
298,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, high quality, fresh toppings, good price. was a 30-day free trial period.   first time i ate there i ordered a salad yesterday and that too was good. yesterday i ordered a salad yesterday to share with the other diners, and that too was good. yesterday i shared a bowl of the mixed up toppings with my husband and that too was good.    today i shared a large with my son and that too was good.       my son asked if there was a way to share a bowl of the mixed up toppings with the server. the way i do it, i take it out of my crock pot and spoon it to the side. there wasn't any type "
299,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients and fair price! great food and fast delivery!!! ""ordered sushi pizza and extra salmon sushi combo.  food came quickly and the quality of the salmon in the sashimi was very good.   food quality was good, portions reasonable, and prices are reasonable.  good place to come for a quick meal."" ""stopped in on a sunday afternoon and i could not resist a slice of pizza and a beer for $5. it turned out great! i liked the pizza. it has a crispy crust and they really load up the toppings. it's also a very large slice of pizza. i was pleasantly full after just one slice. not that it stopped me from ordering a second slice.  we also tried "
300,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, big fat olives and a dash of tahitian cream. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they don't make olives in tahiti, but wow were they good. i ordered a salad yesterday to try and kick it up a notch, but it was already dinner time and i was hungry. so next time i'll be giving that olives a try...mmmm."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""amazing savory "
301,5,Positive," Fresh ingredients, great service! ordered pizza and 8pc chicken comboise. xD ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the tagliatelle pizza, the chicken artichoke pizza, the 10pc chicken pot pie, and the 6pc chicken qorma. spicy chicken qorma! awesome!  would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've had bad experiences with other pizza places, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" "" "
302,5,Positive," Crispy crust and an exceptionally grippy texture on the bottom. Garlic saltiness and a mild kick in the middle rounds it off.  absolutely love it. owners are from west babylon, ny. they had a pizza shop and italian bakery in islip terrace ny right down the street from where i grew up. i could not believe they lived here for so long and i was unaware. garlic knots are great and the pizza is good ny style. the family were all in tonight and visited our table when they heard we were from east islip. uncle joe is such a nice man. the entire evening was just delightful. i am happy to discover this little gem of a place and i will be back. happy to "
303,5,Positive," Crispy crust, which helps balance it out. tuck away a slice for later! in the mean time, how wonderful are the home-made mozzarella and parmesan! combined with the addition of sesame seeds, this makes a perfect marinara! not to mention, the homemade yoghurt is fabulous! great service and decent price! a wonderful find!!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. also, the mozzarella "
304,5,Positive," Crispy crust and large portions. i felt great afterwards."" ""I would like to give dave's restaurant chain a solid 4 stars rather than just giving it a 4 based on the average review. yes, it's boring as hell but sometimes that's what you're looking for! 4 stars for the pizza, 3 stars for the hidden hotspot, and 1 star for the fact that they don't serve ginger beer! ha! :)"" ""best pizza in south pittsburgh. we have been here three different times and were the only ones who had leftovers. other than that it was very good pizza. we will be back when we are in the area. happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too so we "
305,5,Positive," Crispy crust, used as a topping for many tiki drinks.  flourishes of citrus, and the dressing was very good.  service was great - attentive, polite and friendly.  fantastic meal - pizza was fantastic - would totally recommend this place to anyone!  my only complaint is that they are not open that late, because we are in the middle of the night and they are supposed to be open 24/7 - but it was still a great meal!  great service and great food!!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky "
306,5,Positive," Crispy crust helps draw you in.  legit pizza always good, and the best pizza here. nice clean space.  i would like to try other georgians, but i live in cleveland so i guess i'll be sticking to my pizza here. happy to say that my wife and i are both pizza snobs.  we ordered a few items they had but the pizza was the best part. i ordered the stuffed grapefruits and they fed the cat up until it gave them a bowl of soup.  awesome.   wings were great too, nice and spicy and very good.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the items i wanted to "
307,5,Positive," Crispy crust and chewy center makes this pizza delicious. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to montreal. :)"" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more choices  in dipping sauces "
308,5,Positive, Crispy crust and they use to be real. they should really change their menu.   there are really no restaurants like this one. we enjoyed every bite!! from the moment we walked in to the moment we left we had a smile on our face. we also heard the positive reviews on yelp.  so what are they saying? aren't they awesome?  my only complaint is that the Yelp ad they used was taken down soon after it went up so we don't know if they're still accepting new reviews.  if you do review them they should add you to the ever growing list of people who have downloaded their free weekly e-mail newsletter!  so next time you're in cleveland or near cleveland and want to get 
309,5,Positive," Crispy crust, and great texture and flavor! this was my second time here and i must say i enjoyed it much more then my first time. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being eaten, but it was very clear that the pizza was being eaten by one of my co-workers so, another time. :)"" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken pizza the next. the """"grilled"""" pizza has an awesome charred taste.  wish i could have tried the apple fritters but i walked up to the counter at 11:01 and they had stopped serving breakfast. they "
310,5,Positive," Crispy crust, mixed up perfectly with a delicious dressing. only thing bad is the plaza parking is horrible as it shared with wagyu, chicago's answer to pizza.  can't wait to try something else."" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was probably my favorite of the three pizzas we had. the specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. my friends had a mango mohito, and said that they were awesome. the service was good. the atmosphere is great. it was very busy at all, which i couldn't understand, but it "
311,5,Positive," Crispy crust,  lots of meat,  and the cheese.  what more could you possibly want."" ""fantastic pizza,  the ratio of the ingredients is perfect  every time i have ordered from them i have been pleased. they are fast when it comes to delivery but they are always nice and their pizza is awesome!  my husband said that they were super friendly their pizza is awesome whenever i need one they deliver right away and the whole family loves their pizza.  if you are looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza i would probably go with the white pie.  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the white pie is sooo easy to make but very hard to "
312,5,Positive," Crispy crust and a soft bottom dough, reminiscent of old fashioned pizza. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the garlic powder coating the pizza crust, which i also added to the mix. in the video i mentioned that the garlic bread tasted amazing, and that is exactly what it was. not only is the garlic bread a favorite of ours, but we also enjoy the dry roasted chicken. a chipotle style built your own bowl or wrap. i prefer the bowl because it has a higher ratio of carbs to calories. also, the gourmet mustard on the side is awesome. lastly, be sure to leave room for the homeless man to use the restroom, as he often will be standing right next to you using the public restroom. last "
313,5,Positive," Crispy crust makes this is amazing!"" ""This is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and quick. pizza is delicious. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas. price is very good, cheaper than most places."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a "
314,5,Positive," Crispy crust and a consistent theme of sweet and sourdough.  the 12 year old daughter of the owner and i were thrilled when we walked in for dinner. we ordered pizza and were seated right away. our waitress came over right away and took drinks orders while explaining a few particularly popular many items.  items chosen; chicken parm hoagie, baked ziti pasta, and the sword of corporal pizza.  while the portions are easily large enough for 2 people to share, one will not be disappointed if comfort foods is your hankering."" ""upper crust is like grimaldi's on steroids. the two places have nearly identical decor and the pizza is extremely similar. upper crust uses a little more cheese which is nice "
315,5,Positive," Crispy crust and double dipping! what more could you possibly want."" ""fantastic meal, pizza made just like we wanted it. they added pepperoni to half of our bacon & blue with barely a raised eye. great atmosphere and the service (alex) was by far the best we had during our entire stay. friendly staff and good food. glad we chose them over a more standard american joint."" ""first time here.  checked in and got the pepperoni cheese stick for free.  it was great.   the service was very welcoming as they checked to make sure if everything was ok.  the dining area was roomy and my son had room to stretch his legs and did not felt pressure to just sit "
316,5,Positive," Crispy crust, mixed up nicely with a creamy sauce. not the school lunch variety, but there was definitely some fun things going on.   my take:  if you like thin greasy pizza, then this is good. if you like thick greasy pizza, then leave me alone.  there is no doubt this is a favorite of our little pizza hole."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. greasy and delicious. i am not a real pizza lover but this is the type of pizza that gets the job done. they make it super yummy too! my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only "
317,5,Positive," Crispy crust, fresh and tasty.  butterfly come in here for christmas dinner and got the garlic bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...mmmm.  service was great - attentive, polite and friendly.  this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere inside is nice and it is like stepping away from the busy area just outside its doors.  it was clean and comfortable and very relaxing.  the service was great and the atmosphere was great for introducing yourself to the other diners.  a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!"" ""great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  the pizza is solid and the staff is very nice.  a wonderful "
318,5,Positive," Crispy crust. lightly toasted. some of the garlic bread was to die for.  i also want to mention that while the pizza is excellent it is very crowded at all on weekdays so come prepared.  i recommend the sausages and meatballs."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular "
319,5,Positive," Crispy crust with an almost cake-like top texture. The bottom half is lightly fried but still has that unmistakable Crisco in it.  i almost never eat Crisco but i love it when people say they ate it fried.  to spice it up i asked for a dash of allspice.  overall i give this place a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""the best pizza that i have found in the valley.  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  the stromboli's are closest to my house on the gringo diet.  the pizza is solid for a bar, not too heavy or greasy, and the employees are very friendly.  "
320,5,Positive," Crispy crust and served with a light dose of garlic toast. i also tried the heavy cream cheese crunch, which of course impressed the hell out of us. lastly, but not leastly, we asked for a copy of the to-go window so we could keep an eye out for delivery. hope you enjoy your stay, and if you do, great! because you will have eaten my pizza, you will have chewed on my to-go. lol."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken "
321,5,Positive," Crispy crust, mixed to perfection between cheese and pepperoni. customers have loved it!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as a whole. i think the pizza is good, but the chicken fingers are just okay... i don't know what they are but they are there and so is the chicken.  i would have to try much, but if they are not a no brainer then so be it.  my dad always tells me to give a five-star review when i write them because there's really no cookie cutter pizza here.  here on triple zero they serve a lot of pizza, but this one's a regular for me.  "
322,5,Positive," Crispy crust and a crunchy, chewy top.  the bottom isn't really like the rest of the crust, it has more of a cracker texture to it.  i definitely preferred the thinner crust here.  the thicker crust was definitely good here.  the salad was pretty good too, but i preferred the thinner serving here.  i also need to mention how delicious the garlic cheese bread was - definitely a must try!  we will definitely be back - maybe for a coffee sometime."" ""i would like to try other locations of lucille but this is good, quality pizza."" ""solid pizza. i am not a huge fan of the cinnamon sugar cookie because it is overly sweet but this is the type of food i crave "
323,5,Positive," Crispy crust and a wedge of lemon.  my only complaint is that the lemon was extremely unappealing as a result of being squeezed dry.  we will definitely be back as soon as we are in the area. ;-)  forever great pizza, eh?"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  anyone who tries it has said they tried it but i have yet to see anyone who has tried it fail.  a huge thank you to everyone who has sent in a food message with a suggestion for the restaurant to serve more!  it would mean the world to us if you had a restaurant that tasted like the one we got here! "" "
324,5,Positive," Crispy crust and cashews.   dips were great too, lots of them!   they also make a really good chia pudding, which is why i am leaving it at the door.  there is no better chia pudding than unsweetened, which is what this review is for.  if you are looking for something fairly quick and convenient, look elsewhere.  you will have more time enjoying the meal if you continue to eat at the restaurant."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area. "
325,5,Positive," Crispy crust and the use of fresh ingredients. i really love everything i've ordered so far! the butter pecan shake is to die for - dairy-free, egg free, soy free, corn based, garlic free, chocolatey and sweet.  add in the fact that i just checked to see what it was that i ordered and it turned out great!  a great addition to any milkshake, myself.  a great price with the coupon.  you get half-price alcohol by bringing in a drink.    so far, the creme cake is my favorite (i know it's weird) and the cinnamon sugar icing is YUM!  the homemade vanilla ice cream is delicious and gets the job done.  the "
326,5,Positive," Crispy crust and double cheese of course topping. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.  i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but "
327,5,Positive," Crispy crust, they really pack a punch!   they are also really consistent - sometimes a bunch, but mostly they are great!  i would have to say i like the nyc small pizza joint vibe. the place is always filled with hs kids hanging out, laughing, and eating.  my hs is small so naturally i eat there alot!  the place always fills up when itm full, usually around lunchtime.  cause there's always people around me laughing, smiling, and eating, i assume they do too.  being able to play video games while you wait for your order is what makes this place so unique.  table games, foam sword, pool table, and basketball court all day long are what make this "
328,5,Positive," Crispy crust and an almost identical pizza (salted and pepperoni). i thought this was so unique that it deserved its own post, but upon closer inspection the pizza looked familiar... so appetizing!   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entree meals. the pizza was disappointing, but their homemade hearts are amazing!  my grandmother used to work as a waitress at this restaurant, so i definitely know people who love this pizza! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :)  this restaurant has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere is nice and it is like stepping away from the busy area just outside its doors.  it was clean and comfortable and very "
329,5,Positive," Crispy crust and a unique combination of cheeses makes up the perfect bbq chicken pizza. the sauce was so good and the family that runs this place seem very nice. if you get pizza from them, you will be happy to know they are always open late night and are a huge wine lover.   the pizza here is pretty standard. they use whole wheat dough which is great if you are gluten free. the only thing different here is the size of the slice. the bbq chicken pizza is about the size of a small pizza, and the teeny tiny cheddar cheese pizza is just a touch bigger.   while a 8 inch pizza would not satisfy my husband, it is good for us both.  for dinner, "
330,5,Positive," Crispy crust and amazing garlic bread.  and for god sakes donuts...we totally support that style of cookie.  you get the drift.  you will have an amazing meal, kiddo."" ""great pizza, great price!   custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients, a decent price, what else could you ask for?   custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients, a decent price, what else could you ask for?   the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!   would definitely return!"" ""eat it here brooks! i am a huge fan of the carters but this place has got to be "
331,5,Positive," Crispy crust and a large enough salad to share for $5.75!  i had the salad yesterday and it was very very good!  i had a large pizza with sausages and that was very good!  there was a decent amount of bits of cheese!  my dad had the pizza he said it was very good too!  mom had the pizza she said it was very good too!  dad had the pizza he said it was very good too!  for $5.75!      tip: if you get dessert, ask for the cheesecake slice.  i think that is what it is called because it is basically a pizza cutter and cookie cutter happens to be what i received.  a slice of the "
332,5,Positive," Crispy crust and double cheesecake are what sold me.   they also serve up a great many interesting concoctions, most notably, chili garlic bread with hot peppers to it's name.   cannot complain - definitely one of toronto's finest kept secrets!  if you are in the mood to try something completely different, feel free to ask.  you will have an excellent introduction to the city's distinctive food."" ""ask and you shall receive; your food will be delivered to your table. there was some talk of charging $6 for a large roll, I thought this was crazy!  size did not matter to me; quality was great.  the staff is fantastic; they are very friendly.  the only thing "
333,5,Positive," Crispy crust and an odd mixture of cheeses.  baloney's is a good place that i highly recommend! the pizza is out of this world and i wish i could have tried every one!! their  pizza is solid ny style pizza!!  they have such good pizza!!  they offer a variety of pizza's.... pizza that's it!  they also serve up a great breakfast shake every morning!!  my only complaint is that their espresso is very strong and the shot is very strong.... hence the reason i am not a fan.  if you are a fan of strong coffee drinks, then you must be visiting this place frequently.  if that is the case, then you must be visiting from out of town or have leftovers "
334,5,Positive," Crispy crust that hardens in the oven. (vegan)  foie gras, cavatelli, marzio, meatballs and desert are some of my favorites.  service is quick and friendly.  xxx."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and quick. pizza is delicious. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick "
335,5,Positive," Crispy crust, spreading really nicely with a thin layer of tomato sauce. salty but not really to spicy. good thin crust pizza. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and "
336,5,Positive," Crispy crust and high quality ingredients. i have had the chicken wrap several times and it is huge and enough for two meals. it is fresh and the service is fast. half way through cooking my pizza they remembered that i only wanted mushrooms on half, so they took it out of the oven and picked them off.  kind of weird, but whatever.  nice gesture, but paws off my pizza! lol."" ""i would like to try other locations but this is the one i have ordered from the many times i have asked. great pizza, great delivery. what more can you ask for?"" ""great pizza, great price!  the pizza is solid and the delivery service is fast.   the shank steak and pasta dinner "
337,5,Positive," Crispy crust, a dabble of garlic oil, italian sausage, ketchup, mustard, and dill pickle relish is what will set your sald, if you are adventurous.  you will have an awesome meal, but i suggest splitting with your date and getting naked before moving in for the night."" ""i live in cleveland but this place is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant. good pizza. good service. good beer selection. all around a great experience. what more can you ask for?"" ""a review for my office! i thought it was a little heavy handed to force a smile on the face of anyone who eats there, but on the other hand "
338,5,Positive," Crispy crust, this is the kind of food i make reservations for. i'm not a huge pizza lover myself, but damn if i'm not happy about this. the wings are good and crispy and the chicken is crispy and bold and the mozzarella cheese is made tough but not too greasy and they come with a 5-spice dolla. not bad. the owner was very prompt and friendly. highly recommend."" ""fell in love! this is a great place! hooked up with my wife on facebook and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order. used the coupon to pick up the $10 pizza and soda. (husband panics when asked if he means to pay with a credit card, tells him "
339,5,Positive," Crispy crust with some sort of peppery seed to it that adds a lot of flavor to it. Not the best pizza ever, not the best i've had, but it's close. i order here all the time and the lines can be long. i assume this is true for the line that follows."" ""i absolutely love this place! i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card "
340,5,Positive," Crispy crust helps to mask the sweetness of the sweet potatoes, while the garlic bread and butter are essential flavors to this dish. sautéed mushrooms top it all off, and the potatoes themselves are quite possibly the best thing i've ever eaten.  the sauce is very generous, and i really enjoy the fried egg white portion.  the fried egg white is what sold me, as i was hoping for a fried egg white that actually came from the fryer.  in all, the meal was quite good, and i enjoyed it tremendously.  the owner was very friendly, and even though this is a dive bar, he always gives me well wishes.    dive bar pizza is a solid dine in pizza, never likes the "
341,5,Positive," Crispy crust and flavorful herbs, this is an awesome italian/chicago style pizza. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the 2 hour wait time, but it was very clear that the restaurant was busy at all with some tables full and one woman at a desk job making sure everyone was ok.   the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i assume this is why they are so cheap; quality over quantity. quantity over quality.   rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak. all were awesome! the steak was nice and hot and had a real sauce flavored chop. i also tried the grilled chicken and it was awesome! the grilled corn was crispy and not too "
342,5,Positive," Crispy crust and double dipping are the hallmarks of this chicken philly. the combination of the spicy diavola sauce, which we experienced first hand, and the crispy chicken along with their excellent garlic bread and butter beans; all along with their  dairy  (they use butter beans instead of corn) and soy milk; all along with their  number one fanciest fanciest fanciest guy - darn near stole this show!   the other half of the menu you can explore further if you so desire.  you will loving this chicken! yum!!"" ""i came here after receiving a free pizza at a yelp event.  it's hard to find a good pizza here, but i "
343,5,Positive," Crispy crust, mixed up with a sort of spicy relish.   it was all amazing. i cannot wait to go back and try some more! it is very busy during the day, so please do not be turned off if you are already inside the aria area. the restaurant is very friendly. any pizza for $7.99 - lady favorit es posible to get a half and half for $7.99 - eh? eh? eh? eh?"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area. "
344,5,Positive," Crispy crust topped with a crispy coating of seasoned paprika.  The deep dish is to die for and so is their service! highly recommend! ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza! pizza is very good here on the farm so don't worry about the delivery guys being rude or mean. lots of fresh fruits and veggies - definitely not something you'd expect to find growing wild in cleveland.   the pizza here is very thin crust but sticks very firmly to the pizza "
345,5,Positive," Crispy crust and large amount of them have been converted to crispy mac n' cheez.  the mac n' cheez is a fav.  service is mainstays, but pops up time and time again.  is there really no other pizza joint in town that serves up thick and chewy crusts like this?  my only complaint is that the bottle of wine is small.  i would like to try more dishes, but  my husband said he would be happy to order from this place on again.    this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere inside is nice and it is like stepping away from the busy area just outside its doors.  it was clean and comfortable and very relaxing.  the service "
346,5,Positive," Crispy crust helps keep it light, but pop up artichoke leaves are what really make this pizza special.  there is a small kids menu, crayons and a little play area in the corner with some toys and a chalkboard wall.  my girls both had the kids salami pizza and my only complaint is that my waitressing days are behind me so I don't plan on going anytime soon... but hey!  my boys both had the kids asado pizza and both were pleased.  my girls said that they both had a great experience with the delivery lady and that they were treated well.  my boys said that they both had a great experience with the cook and that they were very prompt.  my girls said that they both had "
347,5,Positive," Crispy crust on top, not too greasy and not to thick on the bottom.  there was a decent amount of veggies.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green "
348,5,Positive," Crispy crust completes the dreamy freshness of the place.  ambrosia pizza and/or calzones are my fave.  there is no other pizza I eat better.  a perfect blend of tastes.  only available in consecutive months, but orders are high and the profit margin on these is very good.  my wife and i both love their pizza, it's huge when it's hot and it's tasty, it's healthiest pizza and we both want kids (he's 5 months and I'm 2 months).  we both want pizza to be greasy, not to mention healthier.    piola is a great pizza place. it's nice to have a place to just relax with good beers and "
349,5,Positive," Crispy crust and salty dipping sauce. very good. do yourself a favor and place an order of chicken tenders! very good.  next time i will be giving that pizza cookie a try. i really liked what i had with the cookie. some of the best coffee i have ever had in the latin america. also i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in the state. - August 6, 2013great pizza!! this is a great place for a quick bite while shopping!! this is a great place for a date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :) great pizza!! this is a great place for a date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :) great food at an excellent value "
350,5,Positive," Crispy crust covered in golden crispy coating.  onion pieces were great too, very tasty.  service was great - attentive, polite, friendly.  ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the "
351,5,Positive," Crispy crust with an incredible amount of flavor. the paper towel wrapper is very, very nice.  service was great - attentive, polite and friendly.  fantastic pizza and holy smokes! this was my third time eating there and was not disappointed. the pizza was amazing, i don't know why but i fell in love. the crowds are very, very friendly. they know their pizza and they know their pizza is delicious. the only thing i didn't like today was how long everything took. it already took us 45 minutes to drive there, another 30+ minutes of waiting to order and 30+ to get out food.   we will definitely be back."" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance "
352,5,Positive," Crispy crust and large portions. way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great care of me. he recommended the date/jalapeño pizza. incredible! highly recommended!!"" ""the happy hour gang i hang out with frequents this place often.  it's hard to find a decent martini in cleveland, but i have to say they know how to shake an excellent one here.  i've been here a few times and the food has been consistently delicious every time.  the pizzas really stand out.  they're half price during happy hour.  oh and they're also a little smaller than the full priced fare, but they are still delicious "
353,5,Positive," Crispy crust and beautiful little touches. the specialty cocktails were completely unique and amazing. also, the service was wonderful.  everyone on my crew loved this!  we will definitely be back."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but "
354,5,Positive," Crispy crust and an average amount of pepperonis. sadly this is the only place in montreal that i have to wait in line to get my pizza.  other than that the pizza was great and i am happy to discover that this is the place to order from!    montreal really is a great place to get pizzas.  the staff is very nice and friendly.  i would definitely come back!"" ""i would like to try something new, but i prefer a little greasy to go with their amazing service.  they are very fast when it comes to delivery, which is why i have been giving them 5 stars instead of giving them 5 stars everywhere else.  highly recommended!!"" ""great pizza, great price! "
355,5,Positive," Crispy crust and large enough to share with 3 others. large families/parties need to be aware that this is a little place that only takes cash; therefore, expect to wait a long time for your order. also, be aware that this is a cash only place; you will not be able to pay by check; you will need to make an order in person.   you will have an awesome meal, promise :)  yummy little pizza place. the cordoba puffs are amazing and the milkshake is very very good.  the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the beef"""" and """"the chicken"""" - very flavorful!   ordered a salad "
356,5,Positive," Crispy crust and a media sample of the fried chicken carried over from my previous visit. i guess that speaks for itself... pizza did not disappoint! the wings were huge and had a smokey sweet bacon flavor. the pizza was around 12 inches and was about medium/thin thickness. it is definitely large enough for one to share depending on appetite. i recommend the stuffed style with the crispy topping and the mac n' cheese. the other items were great as well! will be returning as soon as i come back to town."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tasted in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i would give this spot 10 if i "
357,5,Positive," Crispy crust, often with a dash of garlic, which adds a delicious crunch to the bite. The garlic bread and wedges that came with the chicken mix was pretty good. some of the garlic bread was bit tough but still has a good flavor. the wedges are nicely flavored. was a bit pricey but sort of worth it. overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""amazing savory pies!!!  the "
358,5,Positive," Crispy crust with an amazing tang.  The owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome.  i will be back whenever i am in the area.    cheers!"" ""great pizza, great price!   perfect for my husband who is retired from the military and lives in cleveland.   always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i am out for a walk. service is good and quick. pizza is delicious. large family pizza here.  ""i am rating this for eat in only. the pizza was very good! great topping to enjoy with a glass of wine. not a lot of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink "
359,5,Positive," Crispy crust and a nicely seasoned pizza soft shell in my opinion.  if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $9.99.  they surpising also serve up a great many amazing Chinese fusion food items,  so many great ones that it is hard to find them all!  12 kinds of wedges,  jalapeno,  eggplant,  and ... you get the picture.  you get the picture.    overall, it was a very good pizza and i plan on returning. next time i'll be giving that pizza cookie a try. i really "
360,5,Positive," Crispy crust and wonderful, if slightly spicy, to boot.  xoxo  this place had such a unique experience for me.  i was craving the crispy crust when i walked in but was pleased to discover they serve milk shakes instead!  in my previous reviews i already mentioned the pizza and the milkshake were my favorite!  the service was great and the atmosphere is great.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were "
361,5,Positive," Crispy crust, combined with a light kick of the tomato sauce really gives it a homemade feeling. The staff are very nice, friendly and helpful.  i would definitely come back!"" ""cocktails are very good by far. i am not a drinker at all but i love the tractor beat. great service, great cocktails. what more can you ask for?"" ""came in during lunch. pretty busy inside but nice atmosphere. got the tractor beat, the bullseye, the shaker, the chilli dog, the 3 liter cucumber pizza and the 4 cheese pizza. the truck that delivered the pizza was very nice. very few cars on the road but they were nice and fast.  i ordered a pizza with pepperoni "
362,5,Positive," Crispy crust and lightly toasted coconut. topped with a creamy toffee sauce. taste good right out of the can! this is a great bar food!  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" ""good pizza, great staff!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the edison ny area. service is good. pizza is delicious. staff is great. price is really good. walk in today and get a slice for $1.75."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, "
363,5,Positive," Crispy crust and amazing buffalo chicken.  small place but big pizza.  location was not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  i would like to try ribs one day.  location is good.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  another thing i would like to try is pork wings.  they are huge and have a crispy crust.  one time i ate half and it was one of my favorites.  they come with a homemade sundae mix.  my kids love them.  i will be back."" ""i would like to try somewhere else (burlington/cincinnati) for lunch.  delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel "
364,5,Positive," Crispy crust works extremely well, making these pizza's delicious no matter what your dietary restrictions are.  gluten free options are available if desired.  ambiance is cozy and modern like the people who work there.  minimum age is 21.  -  ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza "
365,5,Positive," Crispy crust, not too salty or greasy. I wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, but it wasn't a big deal. the pizza was thinner, not too heavy crust wise, there was ample cheese (by ample, i mean a lot), and the sauce was great imo. the chicken mix was crispy, not too salty, and absolutely perfect. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls, and a water cup. excellent! pizza was on point and the girls were very friendly "
366,5,Positive," Crispy crust, nicely seasoned to go with their surprisingly fresh salads. they were also very good! we will be back when we are in the area. :)"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""this is one of the few pizza places in old town that i actually like. i moved to town about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good pizza joint to get my fix. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant. what more can you ask for?"" ""fast forward  pizza was a massive letdown.  pizza hut is a good place with decent pizza and a lot of square footage "
367,5,Positive," Crispy crust makes this is fast becoming my favorite style of pizza. service is about 4 stars too. although spacious and comfortable, the office is by no means cramped, it is just very busy at all morning.   i will continue to come back, it is very good pizza, fresh and tasty. one time my husband ate the whole pizza but i ate part and left with a mild craving for pepperoni.  capriciosa was very good too but the pepperoni was on the mild side.  my only complaint is that the glass of wine is small. i don't know what their pour is but it is the only thing not generously given.  a generous portion of pizza, especially a large pizza, would be wonderful.  i "
368,5,Positive," Crispy crust and an amazing fresh taste. they use fresh ingredients and you feel great after a bite. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to montreal. :)"" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing. the chicken wings with fries as delicious (i would eat those right then and there), garlic buns (easily a meal in itself) that were actually "
369,5,Positive," Crispy crust and nicely seasoned to boot.    second time i ate there i ordered a pepporoni slice and it came with a 2 pc. pizza and it was all good. now for the service part... they all looked very nice. the lady on the phone was very polite and friendly. the service was good. the atmosphere is great. it was very busy at all but everyone was very friendly. i will be back to have more of a good pizza and happy with the service."" ""fantastic pizza and salad!  the staff is super friendly!  i would definitely order from them time and time again.  the pizza is solid ny style and the salad is airways fresh and delicious.  the only reason "
370,5,Positive," Crispy crust and homemade (yuck!) on the bottom! what they don't tell you is that the topping is to die for and equally important, the tiramisu is a 9 year old fan!! yummy!!!  every one needs to go here!  they also serve up a great pizza, which is why i am reviewing it instead of giving it 5 stars instead of the 5 stars i would give to every other pizza place in the area. 4 stars instead of 5 because of the large families that visit the area!! that is what sells me! people need to know they are still open so i guess i'm good to go!!  we will definitely be back!!"" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new y "
371,5,Positive," Crispy crust covered in a thin layer of goo. not the easiest to eat but very rewarding indeed.  if you just want to pick up some crusts for later tonight then you will have to order through paypal but i highly recommend it as it was very good quick and efficient service."" ""i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious!  the sauce was not overpowering nor was the pizza bite hard.  the wings on the other hand were amazing and i did not stop eating until i got to my room.  i will be back when i am in the area and will be ordering from there often.  place was so great we went here twice on our 4 month vacation there.   "
372,5,Positive," Crispy crust and large portions. high quality pizza and good selection of items. a little pricey but well worth it. cinnamon roll is to die for and so is their service! mine came very fast and the pizza was complete disappointment as usual. but hey at least i know my pizza is good! cinnamon roll is not to faint with their service so expect a friendly and fast service. but hey at least i know my pizza is good!"" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken pizza the next. the """"grilled"""" pizza has an awesome charred taste.  wish i could have tried the apple fritters but i "
373,5,Positive," Crispy crust, with an amazing coating of cheesy marinara sauce.  when combined with the wonderful garlic bread that came with the pizza, the result was an absolutely amazing meal!  to this day i am a huge fan of the pizza and will be back.  the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu.  my very first time here they gave me a sample of the seafood pizza i must have missed it because it was so yummy!  they also gave me a coupon for $5 off a $10 order because i was in town and liked the coupon!  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely because it was a little "
374,5,Positive," Crispy crust and they cook it in the brick oven. i also added lots of fennel seeds to the mix which, again, i loved it!  the only downside i experienced was that the glass is small... but i expect that to become more of an issue with age.    piola is near venetian, a few blocks from the convention center.  there is plenty of parking and you can bike there if you want."" ""piola is a nice restaurant that ik[jokingly] go to all the time.  it's a pizza shop so of course all the pizza is amazing!  i think the only reason i am giving them 5 stars is because it's very hard to get a good pizza here "
375,5,Positive," Crispy crust and then the chewy topping that comes with it.  this was the type of food i would enjoy the most.  service was very friendly.  both men and women working were very polite.  please make sure to stop by and try the pizza! it's really good!"" ""my grandson came to us today after seeing the yelp restaurant guide.  we arrived at around 5:45 and were immediately seated in a large booth in the corner.  we were seated right away and were immediately taken to a small booth in the corner.  although the small booth had some supplies on it, it was still empty when we walked in.  there were no instructions on what to expect.  what we did learn "
376,5,Positive," Crispy crust. Spices and other baked goods. My kids loved the fried dough with powdered and cinnamon sugar.  foam cup was also enjoyed, but not overly much. i would recommend this to anyone looking for some good pizza near me."" ""we  enjoyed our pizza.  it was very busy at the time with 12 men in white on duty and 2 12 month olds.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i ordered my pizza carry out and got charged for one large slice with garlic balls and onion.  this was after my previous experience with pizza hut in where i received a small slice with a few items added. "
377,5,Positive," Crispy crust and a large handful of they have a great array of local craft beers!! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :) great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't complain.  the atmosphere was very pleasant.  the pizza was very good.  i also tried the hot cookies which are pretty unique because they consist of a cookie and a cup of hot cocoa.  the cookie is very tasty btw.  the hot cocoa is just okay it isn't the best drink ever but it was good for introducing the cookie.  overall i was very well attended and enjoyed "
378,5,Positive," Crispy crust and large portions of meaty goodness makes this is a winner choice for a bar. i would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a reasonably priced, tasty drink with traditional bar food. i am not a soda drinker at all but i love the tractor soda and i wish there was somewhere i could purchase it! this is where the magic happens! the tractor turns into a giant mexican truck and drives around scooping up the mexican while shouting ""YUM!!"" every few seconds. the wings are great and are served with toasted crostini. imagine being able to get wings at all-star pizza for only $2! lol."" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. some of the items "
379,5,Positive," Crispy crusts and occasional use of pepperoni in the form of thinly sliced pepperoncini.  assorted pasta dishes, mostly luncheon.  detritto salad was very good.  serving up of the best pizza i've had in arcadia area.  there's a reason that no other pizza joint makes us smile.  this is the place to order from when i am out doing errands and need to be back in 45 minutes.    piola is primarily known for their pizza, but they also serve up a great many excellent pasta dishes.    stir fried eggplant, which we ate on the pita bread that came with the eggplant salad.  it was very good. "
380,5,Positive," Crispy crust and amazing buns!! we were originally planning on staying all day but my hubby had other plans and wanted to get back to his room at around 11:30 so we decided to call it a wrap up call.  not that it stopped us...we ordered 2 xl pizzas, salami and mushrooms and were ready to go when my hubby called!  not bad.         other than that my hubby and i had a great meal and really enjoyed the atmosphere. we also appreciated our waiter and his thoughts in items on the menu that were best for us and our time frame.         great food and generous portions! what more could you possibly want."" "" "
381,5,Positive," Crispy crust that falls apart in your mouth. not a big deal, i'll never know. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, all in all. i'll be back."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we "
382,5,Positive," Crispy crust. nice and spicy. the meatballs are not the largest in the world, only covered with a thin layer of batter. eggs are also great, and the chicken parm hoagie is delicious. the owner and staff are super friendly. lastly, be sure to leave room for the circus act... usually ends up being me and my cat flipping burgers.  leaving room for the bartenders to do their job is a plus for me.  they do a fantastic job, and are super friendly.  my only complaint is that they are not open that late, so don't be alarmed if you wait for them to open."" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. food and prices were "
383,5,Positive," Crispy crust covered in a thin layer of sautéed onions and garlic. The base of the pizza is delicious fried egg whites.    after that they offer a vegan chili pepperoni pizza  loved it!   after that we had the germander, the ballerina, the vamp, and the old fogey.  each one was amazing!  the warm butteriness of the egg whites was delicious.  and the crispy crust paired perfectly with the sweet sauce.  the whole pizza was great!    overall great pizza.  it's nice to have a place to just relax with good beers and good food locally."" ""good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""this is a fun place "
384,5,Positive," Crispy crust and large portions. i would also like to mention that they are very nice ladies . they also serve up a great variety of fruity flavored mixed drinks. not to mention the cute little ice cream truck that one can take advantage of during the day. which reminds me - what is it called again?  we will explore that further when we are in the area. happy to say that they have ice cream!  piola's is a very large pizza and wings shop. they also sell soda by the can, tea, gatorade, water and are always nice.  i absolutely love all the coupons they have and their rewards program is awesome.  i would have to say i like the sunny side of piola's.  "
385,5,Positive," Crispy crust with an amazing crunch.   always friendly staff.  next time i'm coming in to get the garlic bread i'll be giving that back!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic bread was absolutely delicious. we had lots of garlic breads, mashed potatoes and green pepper.   the pizza was pretty good.   some of the garlic bread was bit tough but still has a good flavor.    the place is small but it had a "
386,5,Positive," Crispy crust, they were amazing! i would totally recommend! i also tried the spicy diavola,  garlic bread, and the amazing white sauce.  it was so delicious!  the service was wonderful and the atmosphere is great.  i would definitely come back!"" ""i would like to recommend to get a slice of the pizza that was made famous by britney spears. it was the best one ever!  pizza is nice thin crunchy crust with an amazing sauce. the slice is about 4 inches and is very thick.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we "
387,5,Positive," Crispy crust and strong garlic flavor. the mozzarella cheese was not only delicious, it was also spicy.   while a 5 star establishment is definitely attainable, if only because it's located next to a long strip ofas you walk in, it's easy to get lost.        other than that, the place was great.  great service and excellent food. what more can you ask for?"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc "
388,5,Positive," Crispy crust, not too greasy and not too salty. really a good choice for a hot dog or two.   you get a large with a tomato slice, red onion, and you can make this into a full size hot dog as well.   the sliced tomatoes are what really stood out to me. they were not too sweet or too spicy.  i believe pizza people use half of a small tomato as a topping for their pizza.  the other half is used for the mustard.  in my opinion, half is better than none.  you can make it whatever size you like though.  i did make a few small sisys by asking and they were all right down my street so i guess they are not new "
389,5,Positive," Crispy crust (crispy mozzarella cheese and parmesan) and wonderful nuttiness.  if you like thin greasy pizza, go elsewhere.  my greasy pizza was not very greasy, and i definitely did not have a dry fry.    i will be back; it was very good pizza!  service was great - attentive, polite, friendly.  this is a great place for large families/parties wanting a greasy pizza that will not break the bank, or for when you are out doing errands and crave some greasy pizza...we do both!"" ""we love the idea and execution of the giant slice pizza.  the pizza is huge and has a crispy crust.  "
390,5,Positive," Crispy crust and an amazing sauce. i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. happy to discover this little gem of a place and i will be back. happy to discover that my only pizza is amazing and i will be back even if i am staying at plaza."" ""i would give this spot 5 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great crust, and no """"american"""" tomato sauce, but rather a good fresh, ground, uncooked tomato sauce that gets cooked in the oven. the pepperoni is not like you get in the us. it is sausage resembling more of a home made pepperoni with strong pork flavor "
391,5,Positive," Crispy crust and almost no chicken fat.  this place has a lot going for it, but a simple ask can pay for itself in a hurry.  there is plenty of parking and you can bike there yourself if you want."" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great crust, and no """"american"""" tomato sauce, but rather a good fresh, ground, uncooked tomato sauce that gets cooked in the oven. the pepperoni is not like you get in the us. it is sausage resembling more of a home made pepperoni with strong pork flavor. the mozzarella cheese is made fresh "
392,5,Positive," Crispy crust and a generous portion of honey. tasted great!   i would definitely return!"" ""felt great coming from bannock. well, at least for the brief time we were there. i had the king pizza, the border cross pizza, and we were able to share the diavallo and the bruschetta. the cheese was great and the entire experience was very businesslike. no one complained, no one threw anything, and everything was just fine. i'll be back when i come back to eat there. happy to say my husband is back in town and we plan on visiting soon."" ""i was a little skeptical when they said they no longer serve garlic bread, but they blow it off like it's "
393,5,Positive," Crispy crust and ample toppings help make this is a delicious bite of pizza. i recommend splitting with larger ordered items as well as sharing with a friend. portion is good, price is good, and staff is friendly. high marks to both businesses!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the staff was great, the only thing i will mention is that they don't serve gingerbread men, i assume that is because of the holiday. i think the men are great and are greatly appreciated, but the women were very pretty and friendly, i will be back when i am in the area and have the "
394,5,Positive," Crispy crust and fresh toppings. topped with sharp cheddar or parmesan. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a tiny bit more finely. the chunks were huge and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.  i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a "
395,5,Positive," Crispy crust with an amazing blend of cheeses. i am not a real pizza lover so i have searched the web for the best pizza but have so far failed to come across a recipe that adequately describes our pizza. that being said great pizza!! this is a great Friday night get together for up and coming pizza heads or people of all ages looking for a nice slice of the action. we do have pizza on the chain so expect pizza here on friday.  i got a slice of their white chapel pizza and i was intrigued by the pepperoni slice. there is a strong tradition in the pizza making family of originating from michigan, where i was born and raised.   i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.  the "
396,5,Positive," Crispy crust and the amazing homemade Sriracha sauce. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized style pizza!!!"" ""when (sic) i say that this is amazing, i really mean it.  it is.  as much work as it is to make a yummy pizza, it is the real deal.  the pizza is thick, it has a good flavor, and the chili oil is amazing.  i am not a huge fans of the white sauce, but this is the best i have had so far..  we will be ordering from time to time.  my husband always gets pizza here, and i get there own pizza here on the side.  when i say that this is amazing, i really mean it. "
397,5,Positive," Crispy crust and the spice mixture was very good! i also tried the mushroom pizza and it was very good too! both were bowls of hot soup. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to cleveland."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  the service is wonderful and the pizza is amazing!  we came for sunday lunch and experienced cheese pizza, mushroom pizza and green chili pizza.  the service was great and the atmosphere is great.  we will be back for sure!  holy moly!  every one needs to come here!  it's hard to find cheese pizza anywhere outside of italy, but this is the best i have ever eaten !!!!  we had lasagna and bread "
398,5,Positive," Crispy crust and flavorful with a cool and balanced kick. we loved the mediterranean salad! this was a great family restaurant for us to get together and for the kids to come in and learn about cooking. they also were great for introducing them to the region. we will be back again and again."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this town.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan "
399,5,Positive," Crispy crust, i need to say that quite frankly i am amazed by how well this holds together.  the slices are enormous, and i really like the crisp yet chewy part.  a side order of yogurt...mmmm.  $8.95 for a 16 inch pizza, which is a good deal for just pizza.  delivery was right in the timeframe they provided, and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and delivery were hot on arrival and the delivery man was very friendly.  my only complaint at this time is that the glass of wine is small. i don't know what their pour is but it is the only thing not generously given.  i expect to be giving that slice to a friend soon enough and i will be back "
400,5,Positive," Crispy crust and an almost aesthetic similarity to pizza puff.   the seeds are perfectly cooked and the fat is...well, you'll just have to try it yourself.  I mean, you could always ask your server for extra crispy chicken or mushrooms.  my only complaint is that there are no detailed serving menus.  you order the meal in, then you'll have time to try some of the specialty items on the menu."" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken to it. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of "
401,5,Positive," Crispy crust and a large egg on top! i definitely got the most out of my visit when i mentioned that my dad also worked as a restaurant server.  he was polite, but said that he enjoyed every bite!!  i also asked if there was a lunch special because i felt like there was some type of age limit on the food. he replied that there was no age limit on the food, but that there was a small salad given to the servers.  i asked if there was a 4- to 6-month old, and if so, when he ate that, he got a generous portion of toasted crostini.  my dad also shared that he loved the pizza, but i think the ratio of the ingredients was good.  "
402,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to take away and it was delivered in 45 minutes. the salad was big for a small salad; it came with lots of caramelized onions, walnuts and fresh goat cheese.  my husband ordered a few slices of his pizza to take home and it was also great! they really know how to serve a good pizza. :)"" ""ordered pizza and gluten free friendly salad yesterday. my son had a pizza he wanted to try - happy hour is monday-friday 4pm to 7pm and on wednesdays they offer half off on bottles of wine.  i had a gluten free slice of my pizza - appreciated!  there were no complaints!"" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if "
403,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  we also had the macchiato's, meat-eaters, green chili, and meat lovers.  mac n' cheese is yummy too!  half way through baking my pie I heard a woman's voice over the intercom complaining that her pizza was too spicy - she explained that she uses a cookie cutter to cut it, which she did not mention in her review.  my pie was also ready by the time it arrived, although i believe the gentleman over the intercom was more helpful in confirming that my pie was indeed ready when he asked me what kind of cookie i used and i mentioned using a pizza cutter.  my pie was also quite large, given that i ate half myself.  i believe the gentleman "
404,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to take away. (vegan) my fav thing to do is get dinner here before catching a rep film at cinema du parc. they stop taking customers at 9 (but you can be seated until 9 and stay until 10) so plan accordingly.  you will have an awesome meal, promise :)"" my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was a pizza that featured a crispy crust and they said it was quite possibly the best pizza they had ever made. the staff is super friendly and was very understanding of what was being said. the only thing i didn't like "
405,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i like the large format better. also the service was wonderful.   i will be back when i am in the area. happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too! will be interesting to see what they do with it."" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make "
406,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to give it a try. it was a small salad, but it was generous with the amount of things i ate. the feta in the mediterranean salad is super yummy, and the feta in the white pizza is great, if you like feta. i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  that was also great!  there was no MSG in the pizza, but there was plenty of water in the glass.  that was also part of the deal, and i appreciated that.  there was no charge for the drink, but there was a small beer or wine voucher that i was given.  that last part was very much appreciated.  a very large "
407,5,Positive, The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to make sure i wouldn't eat straight away but it was such a thoughtful and delicious thing i had it for lunch and it was an absolute revelation! the pizza crust is amazinggggg!! the staff are fantastic!! they are very friendly and quick! also they are on point when it comes to large parties!! we always get our drinks immediately so we don't have to wait to order. my highlights are when the server comes in and sees us and just utters the words 'thank you' which i totally get! it was really cool seeing them get our drinks and just smile. also they are really small so get there early or you will have to wait till it's over 40's to get your drink.  
408,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly!  forever marinara sauce, forever loving marinara sauce! ha! forever loving marinara sauce! ha!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  location is very hard to find but bricks and mortar is my bakery so good i have to give them that.  the wings are good and crispy and the pizza is great especially with the thick crust  it's the perfect sandwich.  the store is located off lorain road closer to the "
409,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to go with my Saturday brunch reservation. when my date and i arrived, the place was pretty empty. they did not even come over to speak with us.  i will be back; brunch is better served by email or phone. :)"" ""great pizza and good wings! had pizza and wings yesterday, and they were excellent! wings are so good! great for the office worker or anyone who likes a good fried wing. big brother always knows his place is good. nice place to check in on workers or to ask about hours. glad i could help them! large group of four people and small kid friendly. not huge -- we were mostly looking at the adults -- but they knew their pizza and were friendly "
410,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i'll be back to have more in the future!"" ""great pizza, great price!  the website is pretty straightforward, but the phone number that went to place an order was disconnected.       other than that the website was very accurate, and the e-mail that came with the order was very detailed and helpful.         other than that the pizza was great! i'll be back again and again.       other than that the sauce was so good!  my only complaint is that the mozzarella that came with the order was too sweet for my liking.  maybe if i had ordered it in 4-cheese it would have been better "
411,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  love the whole scoop of cinnamon sugar.  service is wonderful!  loved the fried dough with powdered and instant chilli flakes!  will definitely be back!"" ""fantastic pizza and hot chocolate.  was a bit pricey but well worth it.  i also tried the chocolate chip cookie which was not only delicious but also thoughtfully chosen.  piola is located on the linq promenade.  this place has really good parking.  there is plenty of space if you are walking on foot.  the restaurant is very open and friendly.  if you just want to pick up some food there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  ex-large margherita "
412,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! their prices are really reasonable--they're a great go-to when ordering out!"" ""the best chicago style pizza in town! being from the east coast, that should say a lot"" we are delivery junkies for this place.  i think the large cheese pizza is amazing and we crave it all the time!  i am a huge metro fan but this place is cheaper and has a lot of heart.  the food is so hot when it gets here i always burn my mouth.  all the other food i have tried is good but the pizza is the real star.  a rare gem in this city!! it's a great neighbor place. the pizza is great. the salads are airways fresh and "
413,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! the mild green chili garlic bread and the eggplant parmesan were my favorites.  we also had the pasta dinner with sausage and mushrooms and the mint tea cake.  the service was great and the waitress helped us with our orders.  overall, great place to get pizzas.    piola is near the top of the hill, so if you are looking for a good pizza, look elsewhere! if you are looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno... yum!"" ""kitchen plays host to one of the best pizza places in old montreal.  it's easy to find the pizza you are looking for, but a little hard to stop "
414,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i also had the mac n' cheese which was quite possibly the best mac n' cheese i have ever eaten. i think my only time eating out here is before i go to a show at this club. i'll be back again and again. ah well. i recommend this place to everyone! yummy, yummy, yummy!"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast and friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and "
415,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! great sauce, delicious crust and the whole family loved it! also, the service picking up the food was excellent. 4 of the boys (7 months old), father, mother, younger brother, sister and myself all loved the food. the only negative comment i will make is that the counter manager was very polite and friendly, but that was the only thing not great. overall, great place. 4 stars all the way!"" ""top notch ny pizza!! this is the type of restaurant that is typically found downtown pittsburgh. we enjoyed every bite!! the thick or half and half was delicious! we also had the yummy egg pizza and the spartan pizza. the crust was perfectly cooked and the cheese was i think better "
416,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""great food and fast delivery. highly recommend rwb. highly recommend the fried chicken and crispy chicken combo. also highly recommend the chicken an hour early because it's crazy busy there."" ""ordered sushi pizza and 8 inch pizza.  ordered through yelp.  food came quickly and the quality of the chicken was excellent.  the delivery was on time and the pizza was ready by the time i was ready.  positive on pizza quality and quantity.  portions large and small.  ambiance is cozy and modern.    i would like to try ding dong pizza but i live in cleveland so ill try that one day.  "
417,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic and some of my best pizza baking experiences. :)"" ""i absolutely love their pizza and their delivery service! i was a little skeptical when i received my package but was delighted when my secret Santa got back to me a few days later and said their been in the furnace business for 35 years and they still deliver on time and on message.  so yeah, i gotta say their pizza is good.  any pizza should be good, but the deep dish is my favorite.  if you want to try their specialty pizzas, you will have to order from the restaurant.  you will have an unlimited supply of pizza, so don't forget to ask!  my son said they were really good!    rice with spinach, "
418,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. the whole salad was delicious!  will definitely be back!"" ""i ordered from here and i was a little skeptical. but the food came fast it was fresh and tasty and the part about the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume was true. food came quickly and the parts that were needed for the pizza were small. so, no complaints.   the service was very friendly. they gave me a friendly smile & i felt great afterwards. no complaints.   piola is near queen and dufferin and it's a small place. they explain a lot about pizza but "
419,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  we will be back when we are in the area.  friendly staff! 6 stars!!!!! ""i am rating this for eat in only. the pizza was great! the hot buns were also very tasty!  i gave it a 4 based on the fact that one of the reviewers suggested adding hot peppers to the buns, but they were already hot when i was giving them a thumbs up."" ""i was here with friends a few weeks back and i must say i was quite impressed by the pizza they serve. they have huge pizza on the display which is quite appetising.   we ordered mushroom pizza and hot buns.  the pizza was very good!  also ask for the spicy oil. that adds "
420,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic and by far the best pizza i have had in the valley. we will be back when we are in the area. for now though, we will be ordering from your website."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but "
421,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains.  the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and agnolotti. i also need to mention how delicious the tiramisu was - and i'm a chocolate cake kinda girl!  service was also phenomenal - we can't wait to return!!"" ""always searching for a lunch deal - that's me. luigi's may become my near west side place to go whenever i am out doing errands and crave some cheezy fresh pizza and a salad. lunch special - any pizza at 6 inch size with any small salad for $8.99. that is a good deal when the pizza is "
422,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though.  the delivery was right on time and the pizza was ready by the time i got there.  i will highly recommend streets of new york to anyone looking for some good pizza."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go get the usual tuesday deal to us the dead give away was when the man over the phone had "
423,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. (fyi- i am super picky about pizza.) the salad was big for a small salad; it came with lots of caramelized onions, walnuts, and fresh goat cheese. (fyi- i am super picky about carbs. my dad is Italian and this sparked a strong urge to eat carbs before meat. family recipe.)  i went there again today, after ordering delivery yesterday. i don't plan on going tomorrow, but we will see."" staff is always nice and their pizza is awesome! the wings are good too! and so many other things! great place to get pizza "
424,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a large supreme pizza and it came with a delicious side of ice cream. the pizza here is also pretty good. i recommend the chicken pizza and the beef stroganoff. they were really hit or miss. one time my dad had the chicken pizza with steak and it was awesome. the other time... not sure but i had my share of good experiences. but they were all good. the family that runs this place seem to be very nice. i will be back."" ""great pizza!! this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach "
425,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic, i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!   service was great - nice and attentive.  this place has a lot going for it, and it shows in the menu.       personally, i'm thrilled that they've fixed the delivery glitch so quickly, but it's not like they've stopped delivering to my location either.  there's always been a wait for my pizza, and it usually is a couple days after my order is placed.  which is why i'm leaving a review, because it's really easy to give a pizza away if you don't want it to get judged negatively.  if you are ever in the vicinity "
426,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! the feta and the hummus along with the mediterranean salad was very good. a mix of wheat bread and chocolate chip cookies would also be fantastic! would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and just me and my husband at times and the customer service here never let us down. very friendly staff! would definitely come back!!"" "". . . . . . so i guess the only reason i am giving them 5 stars is because it wont let me give them 6. i am a huge fan of their pizza and will be back. good times yall! "". . . . . my favorite bar in new york. food is good, service is fast, and the "
427,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  the mozzarella appetizer was huge and had a nice flavor.   the wings were big and had a nice flavor.   they are really reasonable prices.  you will have food left over to take home.  a great addition to any meal.  take away a giant slice for $5!  wow."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the valley.  the pizza is good, the wings are good, and the homemade (?) ranch dressing is awesome.  i travel a lot and one of my favorite things in cupertino is to try a locally owned pizza place.  this is a good pizza if you "
428,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic and the service was wonderful! great conversation starter and great customer service! highly recommend! ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large greasy pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 greasy pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entree meals. the pizza was disappointing, but their homemade (?) ranch dressing is out of this world! it's creamy, thick, and very nicely seasoned to go with their surprisingly fresh "
429,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to go with my salmon pizza and it was so much better than my last try! the fish sauce was not only delicious, but very helpful! being able to play video games while you wait for your order is what drew me to try this game! overall great place. 4 stars instead of 5 because of location size. it could be so much more if moved to a larger location. but, start small and grow super pizza bros."" ""excellent food! great staff! all around a great experience. it's hidden in a strip mall attached to a gas station. whoohoo."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, "
430,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what i received. my family loves the hot cookies though. i also need to say the service is pretty decent. they seem to be doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas. price seems to be a bit higher than other dinning spots, maybe because a few tables have been set up to better serve alcohol.  i will be back; it was worth it."" ""i would like to give dino's a try but i live in cleveland but this place is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""the pizza is good ny style pizza. "
431,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i am happy to discover this little gem of a place and i will be back; delicious and they make the best pizza in the valley!"" ""good hot dog, great fries and the best pizza puff in the state! we enjoyed every bite! frites were also great! good times."" ""best pizza in the valley!  the location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.   the food was unbelievable.   the homemade (i think that's how they spell it) hot dogs are the best thing i have ever eaten.  they are not like those  you get at all.  they are the real deal, and i am not exaggerating "
432,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic - thick and delicious along with friendly service. i would definitely return - maybe for a run on Friday night too."" ""ordered sushi pizza, sashimi pizza, and octopus pizza.  the service was great and the pizza was great!  i had a client in the 90's and i can tell you that alot of people go there on a daily basis.  we just needed one thing to hit the spot!  my only complaint is that the pizza was extremely late for delivery.  i expect delivery to be very fast.  i live just a couple blocks away and there is plenty of parking.    every one needs to go here! it's a great for after dinner socializing with some family and/or "
433,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!!  not a lot of seating area indoors. staff is super friendly.  tryst be near me and u will be good friends lol.   my fav thing to do is get dinner here before catching a rep film at cinema du parc. they stop taking customers at 9 (but you can be seated until 9 and stay until 10) so plan accordingly.  you will have an awesome meal, promise :)"" my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken wings. the restaurant was very clean but it felt a little warm in here. i would recommend this "
434,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!!  the mozzarella and parmesan was amazing!  i also had the green chili beef sandwich, which of course was wonderful!    overall, great place to get pizzas!!  good service, and  nice atmosphere."" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. it's been my family for many generations, and the only reason i wouldn't give it 5 stars is because it's the size of a small town pizza. i would give it a 7 because it's nice to have a place to just relax with good beers and good food locally."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face "
435,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!! the mozzarella appetizers and the chicken and waffles were my favorites.  there was a 6 in. skillet left over  which was a little unusual but enjoyed it greatly.  the staff is super friendly!! we will definitely be back!!"" ""always searching for a lunch deal - that's me.   lunch special - any pizza at 6 inch size with any small salad for $6.99. that is a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.  i counted 13 slices of pizza in here. that is a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.  i chose the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the arugula salad. crust was thin "
436,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic. the combination of the pizza, fresh mozzarella, parmesan and salami was what set this place apart.  the pepperoni pizza was not a negative statement as it was delicious ! overall great place. 4 stars instead of 5 because of location size. it could be so much more if moved to a larger location. but, start small and grow super pizza bros."" ""excellent pizza ! now i wish i could give them a 5-star rating but they seem very nice maintaining a respectful business approach throughout the years. their pizza is always fresh and they make sure you are satisfied. my only complaint is that the glass of wine is small. i don't know what their pour is but it is the only thing not "
437,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! very tasty! but the price was the best part! we had water, fries, and  everything - great service, and they loved our water buffalo wings! water buffalo is a water buffalo specialty!  i will be back - definitely coming back!"" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad! the feta in the mediterranean salad is super yummy!  i went there for the first time, and i must say, i was quite impressed. there are a few different pizza chains in mediterranean, but this one always gives me well made "
438,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. any salad you want, it's good. the service is wonderful...which is kind of important. 1 star all the way!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the neighbourhood. service is good and quick. pizza is awesome! large families/parties need to be aware that this restaurant has a good selection of pizza. quality is high. large families need to be aware that some pizza is really good.  price: high, but it's the best pizza i've had in montreal. best to walk a mile to get pizza.  address: 1762 st. catherine, "
439,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  the ratio of the portions was very good - big, thick pizza for only $2.75!   this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :)  we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe. "
440,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic and i'll be posting pictures of it too. it was covered with a kind of spicy green pepperoni sauce that i couldn't help but add some to my pizza. it was amazing! the green pepperoni was so delicious! and then we had the bread appetizers, which was quite an amusing sight. we took half home because i really need to improve my eating habits, and because it was all i was having and i wanted to be authentic to the area.   i'll be honest, the whole experience has been quite the opposite of expected. i expected people to be friendly, and i enjoyed some drinks with them.  they also seemed very organized.  sort of food-like, but not overly so.    "
441,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, a salad, some wings, and the cheese curds. the mama mia was great too! i love the off the hook attitude of the delivery man. he is always nice and the pizza is always hot and fresh. the beer was ice cold when it arrived but quickly became cold and crystal clear with a fork.  my only complaint is that the beer selection on the menu is very limited.  i have had many beers on draft and very few that were by far the best beers i have had in the area.  i would like to try some of the specialty beers but the menu says they are only available as two-liter bottles.  that is "
442,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  we also had lobster and fish sticks  feta and the staff was great.  listen up my friend, you will not be disappointed!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin "
443,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! very heavy yet not greasy, and delicious. i would definitely come back!"" ""i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious!  we are pizza snobs so we don't really think twice about trying anything new.  all the pizzas we have tried are above average.  the ratio of the ingredients is very good.  we just need to wait a little longer to get our order.  my husband and i are happy to order from you guys.    i want to say a huge thanks to you for being so accommodating as we waited in line to place an order for two!  our order was a large pizza and a small one for the little ones.  "
444,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic and i will be back to have more (i think i am going to eat here tonight too). service was wonderful and the atmosphere was very pleasant. great job guys!"" ""i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious and the service was wonderful.  the wings are good and delicious.  and the fact that they are custom made pittsburgh right in my hometown makes it even better!  a great addition to any diet!  chicken, pizza, whatever you want, it was great!  kfc who?  i think i am going to need to call them that.  the pizza is amazing!  i think i am going to need to eat here more often!  the wings "
445,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. this is a great restaurant that i would be happy to call home."" ""Great pizza, great staff! omg their pizza is so good it's ridiculous! i am not allowed to leave without trying their pizza! seriously though, go ahead and make your reservation, it's a great meal for the price! the place doesn't look busy, so you may as well just leave it be and enjoy the wait staff is super friendly. my recommendation is to make your reservation in advance, you will be glad you did!"" ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with "
446,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i also had the pasta dinner with sausage and mushrooms and it was very very good. not too sweet or too sweet together. i have had the cheesecakes there and they are not home made but they were just ok. i will be back when i am in the area and will be posting pictures of the pizza and of the home made cheesecakes."" ""i would like to start a support group for people in the area who are looking for dine in pizza on monroe st. where it's difficult to find good pizza. i know it's weird. but i am a huge fan of the team it plays for and this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!! "
447,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic and i will be coming back to this place the next time i am in pittsburgh!"" ""great pizza, great price! this is the type of restaurant that quickly becomes a staple for any business on the strip. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are a fan of the old school. the pizza is great! hot and icky!   the staff is fantastic! they are very friendly, go out of their way to get you a table, and are very helpful during the application process. if you are new to the area they will walk you through the different options before giving you a table.   you will have an awesome meal, promise :)"" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. tasty "
448,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic but the family that runs Spa bar were great too! very friendly staff! will be returning!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i'm not a pizza lover, but decent pizza should be able to compete.  i live in brooklyn and this is the closest pizza shop to my house.  i will continue to go back, but at a later date, when i am closer to my place, i may try a different brand of pizza.  that would be awesome!"" ""best pizza in brooklyn  brooklyn brooklyn.  brooklyn "
449,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  loved the mediterranean pizza!!  also, the kids loved the pizza! 5 month old and 4 month old were in there.  we will come back!!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious.  also, i must say that i really liked the garlic bread that came with the salad.  it was very nice.  the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious.  also, i must say that i "
450,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i am normally more of a pizza guy, but this was awesome. the staff was great. also, the service was great.  a 30 second wait for a friendly server.  very friendly!  Overall, great place to get pizzas.  the staff is great, and so is the food!  great place to get pizzas."" ""got a promotion yesterday and ordered a pizza with hot peppers, ground beef, chicken, eggplant and bacon.  it came out pretty good.  i also asked for a side of sauce.  the pizza here is pretty stylish.  the wings on the other hand, are not particularly good.  i would rather get wings at all stars.    all the "
451,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic. i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pepperoni pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad! the feta in the mediterranean salad is super yummy!  please, go ahead and make your reservation. you won't be sorry."" they have a great menu! highly recommend the chicken cesar pizza and chicken artichoke pizza. very tasty! reservations only take around 30 seconds to process.  ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn't share. highly recommend."" ""vegan options "
452,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i'm a fan of the hot cookies though. that is what i ordered. cinnamon bun on the side was also great!  a very large portion with decent price. i will be back when i am in the area. happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too so i can shop and eat. well, at least until they move to their new location."" best pizza in the area by far. one of the best i've ever had. the seafood pizza is absolutely amazing. great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  so for everyone who said they had an unpleasent experience next time open your mouth and say something or don't complain. unfortunately we know "
453,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. (husband confirmed/disputed this with him, but it was huge.) the service was great. they took my order quickly, and were really nice. the wife even smiled when she saw my frown. (shouting ""hi there, how are you doing today?"")   i know it's weird. lol i thought of asking them to make a vegan margherita pizza, but i think they looked more like they were serving up some sort of sweetened condensed milk, so i stuck with the pizza.   i ordered from here and it was a medium pizza. i don't know "
454,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!! the green chili gringo hand pie is amazeballs!! i would order from here again and/or from the site's e-commerce page.   las vegas was my favorite , playing a lot of video games growing up. i played choo choo on my pager, ate pizza at the office, and went to the movies with my dad.  cant complain!!  all pizza is homemade, non-GMO, and KIND.  i was also pleased to learn that the restaurant has been around for 37 years!  only problem is that it's very hard to find, and they seem to be remodeling their space all the time!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, "
455,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i mean, the sauce was incredibly good, something i will appreciate going forward. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed soaking in order to make it perfectly cooked and not just thrown out because it was hot. but hey, that happens when you order from a pizza place!!   i will be back when i am in the area and will be posting frequently here on how great this place is!!  lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we "
456,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic and it was closer to 30 minutes from my house. the price was very fair because i was there for the pizza and not for the lunch service. 30 minutes walk from my house. 30 minutes from the closest t. pizza.   i will be back when i am in the area. 30 minutes walk from my house. 30 minutes from the nearest t. pizza.   i will definitely be back."" ""i would like to recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a quick and tasty meal that is not too greasy or takes longer than it takes to prepare."" ""eat it sooner rather than later. the greasy spoon rule applies here.   i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was "
457,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! they have interesting combinations but everything is really testing. i've been here 3 night in a row. i recommend this"" ""awesome place! visited from california... wish we had something like this place here! got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken pizza the next. the """"grilled"""" pizza has an awesome charred taste.  wish i could have tried the apple fritters but i walked up to the counter at 11:01 and they had stopped serving breakfast. they should really serve those all day long."" ""when you have 3 kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced "
458,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :) great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner "
459,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  the \""ground beef tonkwe\"" was the type of beef you get when you order the regular-crust.  i also tried the larger variety of pizza, the turkey pita, and the big fried dough.  the chicken mixture was also great!  there is a nice selection of coffees, tea, and beers.  i have had the chocolate chip, white chocolate, and vanilla varieties.  the white chocolate is just disappointing.  i would really like to try the coffee au lait.  it is different every time.  there is a nice touch of roast coffee.  i also tried the amazingly delicious white sauce.  the fried dough was also very good!  overall, great place to "
460,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! had i mentioned that? no, i am not exaggerating. great crust, great cheese, and the best sauce ever. also, the service picking up the food was excellent. nice and warm. (i live in cleveland, so i can't say much about cleveland but their pizza is very good)  i will say that the butterscotch dessert was delicious. i think this might have been the best i have ever had. the molasses cookie was not overly sweet nor did i experience any food allergies. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the smaller the better. also ask for the spicy oil. that adds a lot of flavor to it.   "
461,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i think this is a winner choice. the staff is super friendly! highly recommend! ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the 70's era diner here is pretty darn good. the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that there was no under 30oz. can you imagine how hard it would be to eat that much food with just one hand? i don't know what the under 30oz. limit is on this place, maybe it was the age of the servers, or maybe it was the fact that there was only 1 or 2 nickels and dimes in the dispensing machine, but the place just kept dispensing the food. still "
462,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i'd say its 95% accurate when it says its beef tallahoma, which i understand to be a blend of paprika, cumin, and black olives.  a small portion, but it was good.  also, the wings are amazing! onions, jalapeno, and they are just amazing!  they are the type of wings that you can't stop eating no matter how full you are.    the owner asked if i needed to bring my iPad because i don't usually bring large groups with me. the wi-fi was good and the service was excellent.  i will definitely be back!"" i love this place! moved to the peoria area a few months now and i "
463,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i would like to try other georgian dishes, but this was great!  great service and great pizzas! what more can you ask for?"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to "
464,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  real pizza here,  they make it fresh every time i take a bite i feel like i'm in italy!  a lot of people ordered their pizza here and i understand why; there are really no stores that carry this stuff  so i had to order it by going to the restaurant.  it came out all blended up and i felt bad for the wait staff; they must have been busy trying to order all evening.  anyway, the pizza was great and i will be ordering from there again; maybe for a dinner date with my wife and kid as well.  something tells me this won't be my last time eating here; maybe next time i'll be ordering from the restaurant and not from the stand!  my "
465,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i was a frequent flyer and must say that i have not been able to complain! garlic knots are not for the faint of heart but they were delicious and very good! the pepperoni pizza was not bad either! i realize that is a small pizza but it was enough to get me through two busy days! overall great place! keep coming back!!!"" ""best pizza in the area by far. this place is Chicago style hell bent on pushing the envelope as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. that means a lot to us Chicagoans!  we love the deep dish and the high rollers!! this is the place to go!!  pizza was clean and crisp, not burned. the wings are good and the "
466,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad! the feta in the mediterranean salad is super yummy, though on the salty side.  i went there again today, after ordering delivery yesterday. i don't plan on going tomorrow, but we will see."" staff is always nice and their pizza is awesome! the wings are good too! and so many other things! great place to get pizzas! ""first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the pizza that just took""""aye. very heavy yet not greasy, quality of food. great service. excellent pizza and salad. few "
467,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i am not a pizza enthusiast but this place deserves it. their delivery service is always fast and their food always good. also they are from west dampe, ny. place was very clean and fresh.  i would like to try mushrooms again but i am going to be more selective with my pizza. fav. pizza.  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and get to know you. also they are very sit down and get right to the point. not to mention they are super fast when it comes to delivery.   cheers!"" ""i would like to try out pizza on charter, but i have heard mixed reviews on the pizza.  that being said, "
468,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!!!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants dont convert to serving pizza this way, it was the perfect balance of spicy buffalo chicken and creamy white sauce.  my only complaint is that the paper towel bar that came with the food was long since cut, leaving us with just a bar magnet to hang the towel in.  i will continue to come back, it was worth it!!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken wings. the restaurant was very clean but it felt very welcoming. i will be back to have dinner with my boyfriend in the near future and "
469,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to take with me to my destination and it arrived just as i was leaving the restaurant. very generous with the serving as i was expecting and the restaurant staff were very friendly. the restaurant also is located near a gas station so i get my ny style pizza there quite often.  overall i give them a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""great pizza!! this is the type of restaurant that is typically found downtown pittsburgh. we enjoyed everything we tried, and have since ordered from there.  stopped in on a sunday afternoon and i got a slice of pizza and an unopened can of tahitian treat for only $2.75! in my previous reviews i had "
470,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered another pizza with sausage and hot peppers and it was also fantastic! the service was wonderful!   i will be back when i am in the area.    Cheers, Elaine"" ""great pizza, great price!   a customer came in and spent $20 on a pizza he was given before realizing that the pizza was much better than the $9 he paid for in tips.        he ordered a pizza with sausage on it and hot peppers.  it was all so dang tasty!       when my husband and i are in the area we will be returning.  we will be back again and again.  my husband will "
471,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i also had the mac n cheese, meat-eaters, and dessert - a chocolate chip cookie.  my father had the mac n cheese and my mother had the meat-eaters.   my father was very pleased with the mac n cheese and said he loved it.   mother had the chocolate chip cookie and  said it was very good.    cheers!"" ""i am a big fan of chelsea's and their pizza is awesome!  the wings are good and so are the fried dough ears!  fantastic!  quick service and excellent pizza.  a place that i would highly recommend!  service was also quick and friendly."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten "
472,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i am not a real pizza lover but this was very good. i also ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. cookies were also amazing! delicious! and the service... what a lovely bunch of people. lots of people! we stay right next to each other's houses so we can easily order pizzas and other cuisines. everyone is very friendly! it was very pleasant to meet all the people working there and to taste their pizza. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for "
473,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic and i will be back to have more (although i am not a huge pizza lover i must say the customer support here on yelp is stellar!).  the only reason i would not give this spot 5 stars was that it was hard to find a good pizza nearby!"" ""yes! i am officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i grew up in the bay and this is the closest we ever came to homemade. i am originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the eggplant pizza is my favorite. i mean, i've liked all the ones "
474,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!!!  there was a large 5 foot tall teenage boy on the pizza and he ate the whole thing up!!!  seriously, go here!!! ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great crust, and no """"american"""" tomato sauce, but rather a good fresh, ground, uncooked tomato sauce that gets cooked in the oven. the pepperoni is not like you get in the us. it is sausage resembling more of a home made pepperoni with strong pork flavor. the mozzarella cheese is made fresh and the parmesan is real, no fillers. salads are generous and "
475,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! the wings were nice and spicy and added a lot of flavor to the whole pepperoni and parmesan mix.  please, sir, spare us the manspreaders."" ""i thought everything was fantastic.  the service was wonderful; fast, friendly, and polite.  the atmosphere was fantastic: it was very laid back and very comfortable.  the atmosphere could use some natural lighting, and the chairs could use some LOOOL.  i would like to try the mushroom pizza, although i know it is rather overwhelming to try a new pizza combination - perhaps next time i'll stick with the pasta.  my husband always gets pizza, and i get lasagna (he also gets pizza home sometimes, and we both "
476,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic and i needed to take a break from eating everything in one sitting to try this one. it was also quite filling...probably because of the fact that i was in the middle of a project when i was finally able to eat it all.   overall, great place to get pizzas.  good service, and quick delivery."" ""good service, good pizza.  location hidden in strip mall.  italian food at its finest...  it has been my tradition ever since guys opened on coventry rd and the grog moved to its south coventry rd location - that before a show i get a slice of pizza and a can of tahitian treat for only $2.75!   "
477,5,Positive, The pizza was fantastic and the service was fantastic! i highly recommend streets of new york on east germann st.   we had  some pizza special deals  where we got a half and half of buffalo chicken and bbq chicken with an order of the pizza.  i like pizza that much.  the other thing that i liked about it was that the can of tahitian treat for the kiddos is to add hot peppers to the mix.  to spice up the whole family is to ask them to add extra hot peppers to the mix.  this gets the whole family going.    a steady flow of customers would walk in to pick up their pizza and they were all set on taking a picture with their 
478,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of mushrooms,  and the right amount of sauce is what makes a pizza great.  there was a good amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just meh.  there isn't I've liked this combination of pies.  the big apple is just alright it's just alright."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the "
479,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!!! the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of mushrooms, and the right amount of sauce is what makes a pizza i make every time. it was also quite economical; i only had to pay for one bowl of the mixed mushrooms, which was a pretty reasonable price.  overall, great place to get some work done while looking good while doing it."" ""workplace nudity is a thing of beauty.  ladies need to know to not look at the men, but instead to glance at the men themselves. they are very polite, very manly, very corporate.  men wear shirts, ties, and generally act like gentlemen. ladies need to know to not look at the men, but rather to glance at the men "
480,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to take with me to my job. it was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the store is located very walking distance from my place so i try to come here every day for lunch. my wife and i both love their pizza and will be back when we are in the area! happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too so i can shop and eat here. well, at least until they move to their new location."" the pizza taste just like pizza in  new york .  it has a thin crust  and they cook it in the brick oven. the sauce is so full of flavor.  it is hard to find good "
481,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!! such a classy place. very friendly staff!! love the idea and execution of personalized desserts. my only complaint is that they don't seem to do business the day after Thanksgiving, so keep an eye out for delivery!!<|endoftext|>WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will attend a rally on Saturday at the University of Virginia, calling it a major step in his job search, according to a report. ""What a great day! I am officially looking into attending york state capriciosa - the only pizza restaurant in virginia that gives you 30000 square feet of pizza!?!?!?"" Trump wrote on Twitter. ""We love pizza.  reported that the president of the u-virginia restaurant association "
482,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic and i will be ordering from them occasionally. they also send their pizza on business days, which is nice.  i will be ordering from again as soon as i come back to town."" california dreamin pizza and meatball calzone were fresh and perfectly baked.  loved the fried dough with powdered and cinnamon sugar.  service was wonderful.  both the girls working were polite and helpful. ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain - even the girls on the phone could not stop eating my popsicle!  we'll be back when we're in "
483,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. the farmer's salad was interesting as i'd heard mixed reviews on it but decided to give it a try as a side dish. the feta in the mediterranean salad is super yummy, though on the salty side.  i went there again today, after ordering delivery yesterday. i don't plan on going tomorrow but we will see."" staff is always nice and their pizza is awesome! the wings are good too! and so many other things! great place to get pizzas! ""first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the cheef."""" great pizza and great wings. also "
484,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! the ratio of the ingredients was very good. i ordered a large supreme pizza and it came with a really large hot pepperoni slice, lots of hot peppers, and an extremely large amount of chopped garlic. (he said he didn't like large slices of garlic, but i just looked like i was giving him space). he also said that the pizza was really good, so good i might have liked it had i known what kind of pizza it was.   overall, great experience. glad i made a Yelp search first thing instead of going there myself. also, huge shout out to the women at the pizza counter who were extremely polite and friendly. my only complaint is that the men seem to be getting older. i know they "
485,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! the eggs were yummy and crispy and then we sat back and ate the whole thing ... yum!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizz "
486,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, and an apple cinnamon cookie. the fish tacos were interesting as they had a fried egg over top which i really liked. they come with a lot of sausages which i did not say anything negative about.   i will be back when i am in the area.  i will be back again and again! what a great surprise it was to receive a pizza less than 24 hours after ordering it! awesome!  we will definitely be back!"" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brut "
487,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  we also had the mac n' cheese, jalapeno, and the green chili.   both had our own unique flavors!  was a great atmosphere to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  service was wonderful - happy to say they're opening up a pizza outlet right next door too!"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added spinach. it was so delicious! it was also very convenient because it was right next to the gel action plaza. a cupcake truck would have been nice.  the specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. my friends had a mango "
488,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i'm glad we found you guys!"" ""we found you guys when we were out doing errands and thought you guys were a little out of our league... not so much. you guys rock! :)  i want to say my wife and i were fairly positive you guys would give us a try. well, we did just that! we ordered a pizza and an order of fried chicken. the pizza was a little heavy for our liking, but we nonetheless ate the whole thing! :)  i want to say before you post a comment or question, that i know many of you guys eat at this place gumby alot. that's me! usually i am at a loss for words when i say the food here is awesome "
489,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  loved the green chili cheese.  service was wonderful.  both the girls working were polite and helpful.  ""good size pizza, no mystery!  place filled quickly and accurately with pizza toppings.  not overly sweet or vinegar-based, but rather tomato-based.  which was most apparent on the pizza, which had some sort of mushroom sauce.  sort of reminds me of pizza hut in virginia.  i would have to say my expectations have been exceeded, but i'll be back.  location is good, menu offers a great selection, and prices are reasonable.  good place to get pizzas, great service."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  extremely fast, "
490,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i am not a pizza enthusiast, but this place warrants a visit.  there is a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of this place and quickly sees it as a staple.  it is their """"special treat"""" pizza that they order whenever they are in town.  we are not crazy about them, but we will continue to go back because it is the only pizza place that treats its pizza like a champ.    this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere inside is nice and it is like stepping away from the hustle and bustle of the surrounding area.  it was clean and comfortable and very relaxing.  the service was great and our waiter was knowledgeable about the menu.""  "
491,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  great sauce, amazing crust.  loved the """"check in"""" on facebook and get an order of chicken and waffles for only $2.99.  delivery was right there when I got there and it was ready when i arrived home.    the sauce was so good!  added chicken to half of my """"pop up"""" pizza and it was amazing!  it tasted like cardboard bowl pizza.  was a little pricey but worth it because of the aw yissss."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  "
492,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!!!  they have real pepperoni,  a chipotle style stood by itself was amazing and  the wings were good.    the xl pizza was huge and had a cookie sheet in the crust.  i cut it up and it was very tasty.  there was a decent amount of people in there so be prepared.  i also tried the big apple pizza,  which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also tasty.  overall, great place to get pizzas.  the staff is very nice and friendly to their customers.  i would definitely come back!"" i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious and it was ready in less than 5 minutes "
493,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of sauce and a fresh mozzarella along with quality toppings makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. it was also quite affordable.   what i liked about this place the most is that they are constantly updating their menu... it was very busy at all and everyone was fussy about what they ordered but us three just sat back and enjoyed the wait.   second time i ate there i ordered a pepporoni slice, which was spicy but tasted really good.   feels like home."" ""great pizza!  the husband and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years "
494,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! the sauce was so good on the pizza and the whole family loved it! i also had the chicken wrap and it was amazing! the whole family said they loved the pizza.  sensitivity level: 2hrs oatmeal cookie - need i say more"". ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the "
495,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic and had a really nice flavor. i would definitely recommend this place to anyone! ""great pizza, great price!   the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!   i would like to try some other flavors of pizza but i've had bad experiences before.  i think pizza hut is nice."" ""i've been coming to this location for several years and have never been let down. great pizza, great service. what more can you ask for?"" ""pizza hut is a reliable choice for a good pizza in my opinion. stromboli's are good, dirotti's are great, etc.   pizza is fresh and the ingredients are fresh "
496,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i'm happy to discover this little gem of a place and i will be back. happy to discover they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish and this time i decided to try it. fresh and tasty. crab cake was also great! the seafood is great! and the staff is great! happy to find them here!"" ""great newyork style pizza, crust and dough is really good. lunch with the slice and salad and drink is so bomb for like 4 bucks, maybe the cheapest lunch in town and it good, not just something you eat cause its cheap, you will want to go back again! wings are good! pizza is great!"" ""the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am a "
497,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i am happy to discover this little gem of a place and i will be back. happy to discover they are still open and good business. happy to discover they have the best wedding soup in michigan! happy to discover they have the best wedding salad in the state!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a couple of slices of the deep dish and a slice of the white chapel pizza. service was very good, not rude, friendly staff. staff is always nice. family restaurant."" ""dino's has good pizza, wings, pasta dishes, gyros, meat lovers, meat lovers, pizza that is, of course "
498,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad! the feta in the mediterranean salad is super yummy! having never eaten feta, i was somewhat skeptical when my dad told me it was very good.  he said he had a hard time believing it was 6 months old, but he loved it!  i think the only reason i am giving it less than 5 stars is because it stated they were out of stock on the tomatoes, which i actually ordered.  which they do not have, they use canned instead.    cannot wait to go back!"" girlfriend took me here for my "
499,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! i recommend this place to all my friends! ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $5 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 large pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.   alexander's pizza also serves up some seriously good pizza! this was our """"special"""" pizza, and we ate a delicious homemade blue cheese pizza and a huge salad. the blue cheese was interesting as i wasn't entirely sure what it was called...probably makes you think cheese toast is weird, "
500,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic! very local and awesome! their pizza is solid when it comes to quality and price. they also are really cheap because they use food stamps.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also good! this is why i am a fan! the service is nice and italian-style... i think this is where the name came from?   the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that the pizza was too hard to make a 5-star pizza out of. but i gave it a 4 because of the service!   i will be back when i am in the area and will be posting pictures of the pizza i have made so far! :)""  "
501,5,Positive," The pizza was fantastic!  real pizza, not the hot opener.  half the family were there for the pizza and the other half for the turkey.  real turkey pizza, not the one we got at the gas station.  i think the family enjoyed their pizza more because of the composition of the ingredients.  there was a good amount of turkey chunks.  my dad had a few slices of the pepperoni and he said that he was very good.    i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  my mom had a different slice of the pepperoni that she had in mind when she said that she was very good.  my dad said that he had no complaints.    overall, "
502,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was a perfect balance of spicy and sweet.  i would definitely eat here again if i were in the mood to order.  the place is very clean but it was very friendly which was also part of the reason i was so impressed with the service.  the owner and staff are very on point when it comes to their food and are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommend coming here."" ""great pizza, great sauce. we had the meatball sub and the bruschetta appetizer. the pizza was great. the sauce was not only delicious but also the owner was very personable. he checked to make sure i was alright and "
503,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was very good, however, the ratio of the ingredients was good for my son and myself.   i will be back when i am in the area.    this was my first time in oscars, i can't wait to go back!  i thought it was pretty cool how they mix up their pizza toppings, it was interesting to see what kinds of toppings were used.  the pepperoni was well seasoned and not too sweet.    it was crowded inside, so please be courteous.  people please, get your food here!  we need it now more than ever.    tables are nice, and there was a decent amount of people in "
504,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza that i had before that tasted really good.   overall, great place to get pizzas.  good service, and they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas.  one time they forgot to take a picture of the pizza because it was delivered in another location.  if you look carefully, you can see that the pizza crust is being cooked at the moment.  i assume that the chicken and waffles are also being cooked.  if you get a pizza here, you will want to ask the server for a salad or two.  you will want to try those too."" ""i would have to say that this may be my favorite bar in pittsburgh "
505,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was the best pizza i have had in a long time in the las vegas area.  the fact that its our only pizza here invigorates us.  we wont be turning away anyone because of the price.  Its our right as a citizen to eat here and its our right as a human being to call this place nice."" ""kesim's is a good pizza and i will continue to go back! i think its safe to say that they are not only nice, they are good friends of ours! they are very kind - always will be kind to us and our two sons. kesim's is a real go-getter! when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt "
506,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was a perfect blend of spicy and sweet.  the serving is enough to get you through 4 pizza meals.  i plan to have dinner with my husband in the near future and am looking forward to trying some of his dishes!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza.  it's not that i'm against public transportation or fast food -- those are great for bridging the gap between diners and back to your table.  a pizza topping is optional and can be very tasty -- i recommend adding chopped sun dried tomatoes to enhance the smoky flavor.  the crust is delicious "
507,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had for breakfast yesterday was the best ever!  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers.   other than that, great service!  everything was great!  yummy and the marriage of a cuppa and a coffee shop is very fitting.  we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a "
508,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza and 1 up close and personal...seriously, i am not exaggerating. raw, unadulterated garlic flavor rides on top of the pizza's amazing blend of cheeses, which includes sun dried tomatoes, black olives, and sweet corn. to finish things off, we got the requisite fried egg scalding. out of nowhere, this place delivered a hot  fried egg to our table!  i can't say enough good things about hot  eggs. they are fast, friendly, and the price doesn't make you feel like you are back in california. they are the type of people who are always happy to help others, and they are very responsive when you call in a question.  for those of you "
509,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday, which had a sauce base of pepperoni, was a little strange.  it has a sauce base that is actually great!    the pizza here are fairly standard, consisting mainly of the pizza that has been shredded and then eaten.  there was a time when i would have laughed at the thought of eating this pizza alone, but the thought of spending an afternoon reading tributes to those who fought and died for our freedom...mmm and sundry.  enough said."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm."" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to pitt includes a "
510,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was absolutely delicious!  was also large enough to share equally with the three of us.  i also really liked the chicken parm hoagie with the mustardon drizzle.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  the hoagie was also quite good.  overall, great place to get pizzas!  the staff is very nice, friendly, and helpful.  be sure to ask for their fried dorito pepperoni!  it's the best pizza i've had in the valley.  every time i've asked for a giant slice with extra sauce on top!  that's what this review is for... :)"" ""i would like to give dorito a try, but i prefer "
511,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza and they were incredible.  also, the service was wonderful.  everyone was very friendly.  forever a customer and server i will be back."" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn't share. highly recommend."" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.   "
512,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza we had was pretty good; i had the hard shell with garlic bread and the dish was very very good.  the hard shell was also nicely flavored.  the restaurant was very clean but it felt fresh and comfortable.  the wait staff was very friendly.  for a pizza i would need to be very fast but they were friendly.    will definitely be back; pizza is amazing!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious; "
513,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was a perfect blend of salty and sweet. i would definitely eat here again. service was great. ordering yesterday i ordered pizza and when i walked in a few minutes before midnight my pizza was ready. it was taken out of the oven and is ready by the time i get there (he said he usually makes it a few days) but it was ready when i walked in. not bad. service was very friendly. ""i would like to try a few items but the pizza i had yesterday was good for a bar.  we have ordered from here on out and have not had a bad experience.  the pizza was good, fresh and not too greasy.   other than that great pizza it was good.  "
514,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was extremely good, not too sweet nor too spicy but it was there and i paid attention because i felt like i was in italy! this was a great place for date night or to bring the whole family and dine in. we will explore other items they offer !"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and get to know you "
515,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was very good indeed but the ratio of the ingredients was good.  i added a fried egg  and it was also very good!  the only thing i didn't like today was how long everything took. it already took us 45 minutes to drive there, another 30+ minutes of waiting to order and 30+ to get out food!  my husband and i are avid gamers and love to play video games. we've been here on a work/pleasure trip before and will be back again.  i will definitely be back when i am in the area and recommend this place for a great deal.  witty, good pizza."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most "
516,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had, it was very good.  other than that it was good.  ambiance was very inviting.  will definitely return."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the mayor's announced they were closing down and we went anyway. there was a man in the restaurant last we saw him, he was gone! awesome! ""i lived everything about this place right off the bat. i had dinner with my family consisting of my wife, my 8 month old son, his 9 month old son, his 4 month old daughter, his 7 month old son, his best friend's wife, his mother's boyfriend, his uncle's wife, and my dad's best friend's wife. everything about this place was "
517,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was very good indeed, thin crispy crust and good amount of mushrooms. not the most appetising amount of mushrooms, but they were there and they were good!  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! "
518,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was not only delicious, it was seriously 7 years old!  in my opinion, this place should be around for a long time.  it's nice to have a classier place to just relax with your drink while you wait for your order."" ""i really enjoyed this place on my recent visit to town. it's located near the new york/chicago line, so i definitely experienced it. a friend of ours who is Italian also stated that they make good pizza!!111111 they do make good pizza!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get "
519,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza tasted just like pizza in  new york .  was a little salty but still has a good flavor.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful "
520,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I ordered today was the pepperoni that was fresh and toasty hot when it arrived.  return policy is good - if you don't like pepperoni pizza, you can always return it!   the space is awesome - it's really spacious and really nice.  i really want this place to succeed!  my husband and i love pizza and are happy to be customers.    this place has a lot of potential -  great food and fast service.    piola is located inside the linq promenade - a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  the space is bright and really welcoming - definitely a place for anytime, anytime... hello friends!  my boyfriend "
521,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had yesterday was a perfect blend of pepperoni, parmesan and mozzarella cheese.  there was a thin slice of pepperoni that I ate immediately and a large slice that I leftovers for later.  the crust here is delicious too, some pizza here is even great!  a little pricey though, $8.95 for an 8.5 inch pizza.  my friends and i had a great pizza and felt great afterwards, probably because of the fresh ingredients on the pizza.    overall, great place to get pizza!  the staff is very nice and friendly to their customers.  i would definitely come back!"" i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was "
522,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was not the only thing not great. the service was very fast, friendly, and polite. i will certainly be back to have more from this delicious establishment! ""Food is good. service excellent. The atmosphere is nice and relaxed.  best pizza place i ever eaten. kicker's is a good local pizza chain. they deliver quickly."" ""fast forward  ordered pizza and 8pc chicken dinner. ordered 2 xl pizza and a small child sat on my left side. the pizza was cooked to perfection and the chicken was delicious. i also had chicken wings, which were also exceptional. they were sold out quickly and I had them tomorrow, Feb. 7, for lunch. they were hot and fresh. they were also "
523,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had, and the pepperdine pizza i had before that were very good.   ordered chicken tenders with no problems. they were great.  ordered a salad yesterday to go with the pizza. the pizza came with tomatoes, onions, garlic and shelled mushrooms.  shelled is what sold me,  not the other way around.  we will definitely be back."" ""i would like to try other locations but this one is good no matter where i am from. it's a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!"" ""i would like to try out other locations but this one is good no matter where i am from. it's a great place to get together with friends to "
524,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had last night was a perfect blend of pepperoni, parmesan and mmmmm!  fantastic!  location is very generous with the many great options that are within walking distance, tucking into a pizza at a reasonable price.  ideal for a walk up only order as it's quite a walk up.  ma and pa are pizza purists so expect to pay a bit more for toppings.  deserts are the best and you must try them as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add chili to the mix... ;)  i will be back; it was worth it!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the "
525,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was very good and had a nice flavor.  the tangy feta in a full size glass was also very good.  service was very friendly.  this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :)  we will be back when we are in the area !!"" ""verified customer! this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  i have eaten here countless times and have never had a bad experience . they are fast when it comes to delivery but very good when it comes to food.  highly recommend!! ""i have eaten here countless times and have never had a bad experience . they are fast when it comes to delivery but very good when it comes "
526,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza that i had was a perfect cross between roast beef and crispy skin. very tasty indeed, and would definitely recommend!   the only negative review i can give is that i don't know what the fill is because it's been so long since my last visit. if you want to know the truth, then you need to order from the restaurant. but if you just want to know what it's like to eat there, then you can just ask.   i know it's weird.   i've been here 3 time's and have never been bored.   the pizza is solid.  good sauce.  lots of toppings to choose  from.  there's a chipotle nearby that i've tried "
527,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was very good indeed. the mozzarella cheese was not on the thin side but rather the thick one.  i had also wanted to try the stromboli's but found them closed so i had to order from there.  in the mean time i was told about britney spears which sounded good.  they have a brick oven so no ice cream is added to the pizza.  the staff is very nice and friendly.  i will be back to have more from this delicious establishment - but with a party no larger than 3 i think for the next few months."" ""britney spears is a great place! bricks and mortar - what's not to like about this place!  it's easy to "
528,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza??? i am the worst at that! i order it every time and it's usually good but for some strange reason i like it better hot. somebody whip up a batch of their own hot pepperonis and i will definately be ordering from them! wherever they are, ill be back!!"" ""i would like to say i like the venti pizza. i am a huge fan of the simple but awesomely so.   the pizza here is very simple but delicious.   the wings are good and so are the chicken wings.  they have a great selection of pizza!   i also highly recommend the christmas pie.  the gingerbread is very good and the cranberry sauce is not to be missed "
529,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had that had a decent amount of mushrooms in it. overall great place.  service was great - attentive, polite and friendly.  this place has a lot going for it.  the staff is great - great to have around the house.  to spice it up a bit, try the new york style pizza.  i also would like to try the old school style pizza.  the crust is fresh and the ingredients are fresh as well.  i feel great afterwards."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we "
530,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i ordered for the duck poutine dish.  it was so good!!  also ask for the hotcakes  they are the best pizza topping i have had in a long time.  $8.50!!!  this is one of the best new york style pizzas i ever had and the guys are very nice.  one time they were very cold but quickly became warm and friendly.  i will be back unless i am completely honest when i say that i have no plans to ever go back to this place.    this is the type of restaurant that is typically found downtown pittsburgh.  small tables, big windows.  high ceilings.  air conditioning.  peanuts in the dough.  gives this "
531,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had during my visit was very flavorful indeed, not too sweet nor too spicy but just right enough to get your blood pumping and enough to get you through the meal.  i would definitely come back here!    recommended crust: thick or deep dish pizza mixed bbq chicken and crispy chicken parm hoagie - definitely a place you must visit to try their pizza!  standing at 8072 feet, this is the tallest building in the world! if you are interested in learning more about this amazing building, please visit their website at: http://www.towercenter.com/  it's a small place, so expect to wait in line to order. they use Google map to place "
532,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had on Friday is amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza to...maybe it's the size of the pizza, maybe it's the service, maybe it's the atmosphere, but when you have a pizza craving go elsewhere.    the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent.  the shipping was pretty fast too, which i appreciated.  i don't yet know the denouement."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  there is no other pizza i will recommend!  amazing thick cut mozzarella, great balance of cheesy herbs and spices, and the promise of being able to customize the toppings to suit my own personal preferences "
533,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was not only delicious, it was also surprisingly fast - probably because it was freshly baked.   i wanted to try something new, so i ordered a fried egg and bread with spinach.  it was not the most elegant or hygienic looking dish, but it was yummy!   it was not until we were outside eating that we realized how small the place was.  it only had about 20 chairs, but they were all filled up when we were leaving.  20 people?  i do not know if they were filling up when we left, or if it was taken over by people.  if it was taken over, then they must have been serving us drinks while we ate the pizza, because "
534,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i am about to share is not the most hygienic looking pizza, but it is the first time i have had food poisoning from eating pizza there.  therefore i was not prepared, but i have eaten there countless times and it is very rare that i have to take any medicine.  the pizza here is very thin crust, so do be aware of that.  the slices are large and there are usually several pies to choose  from.   they are always nice and fresh, and the staff is very friendly.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place has a lot going for it, but it is inexpensive and convenient transportation for my wife and i."" ""loved this "
535,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza that i had in my opinion has a good amount of sauce. i also tried the madrone, meat lovers, and the butternut squash soup. the squash is what sold me and my husband. they also provide a decent amount of pasta. very good. service was good. and the pizza was excellent."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepper "
536,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza which came with a really spicy sausage.  was not a bad choice.    overall, great place to get pizzas.  the staff is very nice and friendly to their customers.  i would definitely come back!"" i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious and it was ready in less than 5 minutes.  i am a fan of this place and will be back.  the place is cool and happy. we love their margarita pizza!  their delivery service is always fast and their food is amazing.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off "
537,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was not only tasty, it was also of the highest quality.  the fit and finish was excellent.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the pizza toppings i tested.  that is easily remedied if you ordered from us.  a small tip i will offer is to ask if you can pay by taking a picture of the pizza with your phone before you eat it.  you will have an option to pay by texting ME the amount you will pay for toppings.    if you are looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno... i prefer this over the usual cheese pizza because it has more "
538,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had on Sunday was a nice side dish with really good sauce.  i really enjoyed it and am looking forward to trying some of their chicken and waffles.  there is a reason that every bakery in this country is closed on sundays.  there is no Saturday night meal.  what is sad is that the only employees that work that night are the ones that make the pizza.  so instead of having a nice family style dinner with the kids, i am having dinner with my wife and she is a huge pizza lover.  we have been here on sundays since it opened and are happy to say we are the only ones who like to go back!  we usually go back when we are in the area cause it's so "
539,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was a perfect blend of spicy and sweet.  there was a thin layer of cheese on the bottom which i definitely liked.  the pepperoni is what sold me and i realize now that they have no specials that i can see, that is what sold me.  they seem to be fairly busy at the moment, but tomorrow i will be back and recommending them to everyone i know!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we "
540,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had last night was a perfect blend of spicy hot and fresh.  not only that, but they serve a killer chicken parm hoagie.  i know it's weird.  but i eat chicken all the time and it never gets old being served in a pizza cole.  all the other food i have tried is good but the pizza is the real star.  a rare gem in this city!! it's a great neighbor place. the pizza is great. the salads are airways fresh and the chicken fingers are delicious! always friendly and fast service. ""good prices.  good ny pizza.  fast.  good selection of slices with cool toppings.  easy to stop in "
541,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had yesterday was a perfect blend of pepperoni, mmmm and did i mentioned the mozzarella cheese.  my only complaint would be that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers.  i actually like the stronger pepperoni flavor better, but you could always try the milder variants if you wanted to spice it up a bit.  my take on the day was very positive and delicious!    overall, great place to get pizzas or i would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good pizza in the mid west valley.""  "
542,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was not the only one that stood out. we also had the mozzarella cheese fondue, which of course was amazing.  the lady behind the register was very friendly, and even though there is a capricious element to pizza, she always gives us a good toss.  that being said, we expected it and were sat right away.  take away a giant slice for only $2.75!    piola pizza is very very good.  they have extensive taste tests, and are constantly adding toppings to make sure it is up to par with the pizza we enjoy in montreal.  the hot peppers are very good.  the mozzarella cheese is not to thick for me, but rather generous "
543,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was also quite good. many thumbs up kinds of people on yelp! service was good. ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party "
544,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was good and had a nice flavor.  the crust was not on the oily side but the sauce was very good.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to montreal.  nyc square is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both!"" ""solid pizza. maybe slightly on the rich side but sometimes that's what you're looking for! got the date/juliet/vuitton/granite/granite/date combo. i really liked the crisp yet chewy crust. they offer a variety of locally roasted coffees,  asado's, and pastas.  my speciality is the espresso...mmmm!  price was very good, cheaper than "
545,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was delicious!  however, the service was very fast and friendly, probably because of the size of the pizza.  i also tried the 7 year old's pizza, which was not only delicious, but the service was very friendly.  all in all, the experience was very good.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! "
546,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had was amazing! the sauce was not at all heavy or saucepolitan like you'd expect from reading the tin.  instead, they sautéed the onions and garlic and added a small amount of chicken stock.  this was very good and had a nice flavor.  the pepperoni is what sold me and my husband.  we will be back when we are in the area.    overall, great place to get pizzas or to just relax and enjoy the atmosphere.  the staff is very nice and friendly to their customers.  i would definitely come back!"" i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious and the service was wonderful.  the place was "
547,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was not a bad choice.  the sauce was not on the thick side.   the shishito peppers were not too harsh on the taste.  overall, the shishito tasted good.    service was very friendly.  every time we enter the place, we are greeted with a smile.  randomly, my husband and i come here to get the shishito peppers.  we always get the pizza and the shishito are on point.  we always seem to be satisfied.  on our recent visit, we asked for a giant slice with extra sauce on top! in my previous reviews, i already noted that the shishito peppers were excellent! awesome! now for the pizza part!  we "
548,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had in my dish, and the 10-inch pizza i ate the most!  a 10-inch pizza is huge for my wife and i, and we were starving.  very good pizza, very cheap.  a cool place, very neighborly.  definitely will be back!"" ""kitchen sink pizza.  it's cheap, it's delicious, and it's cozy.  best to share with a friend is it is rather large."" ""kitchen sink is a good pizza and a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  the only reason i would not give this spot a 5 star rating was that it's been around for so long, and i'm sure it's improved over time "
549,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza and meat lovers. also there was a nice side of marinara sauce which i tried briefly. in my haste to get down to business i neglected to ask about the hot peppers. my waiter was very friendly and the food arrived hot and quickly.   i will be back to have more from this delicious establishment - but with a party no larger than 3 i think for the next few months."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on "
550,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was not a negative hit.  the xl pizza was extremely full of pepperoni,  giving it a little chewier taste.   it was not unpleasant to eat.  one of my favorites was the xl cheese pizza with spicy salami.   other than that, the pizza was great.  it was not overly sweet or starchy,  rather flavorful.  there was a good amount of garlic bread.  that was also not overwhelming.  one of my favorite things to do is to ask them to make me a pizza based on the menu that is posted online.  you won't be disappointed."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing "
551,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had in my pie was a perfect balance of sweet and cheddar cheese. very tasty. i also had chicken parm hoagie, mushroom, and green pepper.  a delicious dish best eaten with a glass of wine.  my husband had a cheesecake which was not only delicious, but also had hot cocoa (i don't know that it was canned, but it was said to be very good).  my daughter had a mango mohito, and said it was very good.  my grandson had a mango mohito, and said he liked it better than cheesecake.         my husband had a cheese pizza he really liked, and we had a mango mohito the next day "
552,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had earlier in the morning was placed on hold as i waited for the tram to come through. the queue for the tram was short and I was able to sit back and enjoy the meal. my favourite meal was the chicken waffles with ice cream. very tasty indeed, but the pizza was firm and not overly thick or thin.  i know it's weird, but ice cream on the weekends is what drew me.  my only complaint is that the pizza here is pretty expensive.  i expect to pay more for slices and service.  all in all the pizza here is good, affordable and tasty.  a real go-to for waffles in the area.    cheers!"" ""awesome place. visited "
553,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was more of an average of what you get in the bar. not a bad drink. for a bar size, it was nice. a steady stream of people came in and ordered pizza. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a pretty penny for what they charged. no one here but that one guy so i will go by street.  it says they have the best pizza in montreal. what they lack in pizzazz, they make up for in quality of their ingredients.   their pizza is always good, and they seem to be adding some new ones fer sure.   on second thought, maybe i'll come back.  bar doesn't look great, but it was still "
554,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza we had ordered earlier that day had just come off the truck from the oven.  it was smaller than the pizza we were going to have but it was still delicious.  the pepperoni pizza we ordered for the sandwich was a generous portion with a delicious sourdough crust.  The chicken parm hoagie was not only wonderful but it was also generous.  i plan to be back when i am in the area and will be back to try some of their seafood, pasta dishes.  my husband also loves their frank's chicken sandwich which has pork in it.  my boys both had the pork sandwiches they asked for and they said that was delicious.    overall great place to get together with friends to enjoy some "
555,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza came with a really large pepperoni slice and met the criteria of being very spicy indeed.  i definitely would come back!  the place is nice and it was bright and welcoming, which is what drew me.  i will definitely come back!    overall, great place to get pizzas.  good service and they making sure you are satisfied is what makes this place so unique.  ambiance is cozy and modern Shabbos style.  the staff is very nice and friendly to their customers.  would definitely recommend!"" ""i would like to give danny boys four stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. "
556,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. we ate a delicious baked "
557,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza tasted just like pizza in  new york .  a very good pizza in my opinion.  there was a good amount of mushroom... i would have to try more but the pizza was very good.  my dad had a different pizza but it was good as well.  my mom had a pasta dinner and it was very good as well.    will definitely order from here time and time again.  new york is a great place to get together with friends or for a couple hundred bucks more.  you get a good pizza, you get the pizza you love, you don't get burned out from the pizza burning.    do yourself a favor and place an order tonight!  order take out or by "
558,5,Positive, The pepperoni pizza I had the same night and it was an absolute delight.  we had ice cream on ice and it was wonderful.  the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu that were on the menu.  was very patient and friendly for her opinion and i will be back when i am in the area.    this place has a lot going for it.  the staff is very nice and friendly to their customers and they are very on point when it comes to their food.  they are also very fast when it comes to getting their food to us and quickly answering any and all of our questions.  everything i have tried is good and the only reason i am not giving 
559,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had last night was not the only one delicious. there was also a side order of chocolate chip cookies.  i am not crazy for just asking, but they were the perfect amount of sweet and sticky to boot!  my husband and i felt great afterwards."" ""eat here whenever you like!! this is the best pizza i have ever eaten!! we are tourists from out of town and were starving so we thought we'd give this place a try. great service, great pizza!! we just wanted to have a little fun and got the pizza after seeing britney spears. glad we did! we will definitely be back!!"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten!! i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they "
560,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza we had when we dined in had a nice flavor. not the sharpest orburrito puff, but it had a good amount of sauce. not the pot roast variety, but it had a good amount of sauce. the parmesan was not like you get in the us.  it had some sort of meat flavor to it. wings were also good.  a nice touch, but not required.  you can make your own pizza by putting the pizza dough in the microwave.  there was a good amount of sauce.    overall, great place to get pizzas.  the staff is very nice and friendly.  if you get a pizza here, you will be happy to come here."" ""this "
561,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza and sabado will be on life support for good.  life support will be pulled off eventually but for now let's just say life support is pulled off for this pizza."" ""piola is a very strict member of the no smoking club so of course they have a lot of fine dining space. ny is a favorite of theirs because it's so close to their headquarters. ny is a little pricey but well worth it. the pizza is amazing. cinnamon sugar, cloves of garlic, and sauerkraut are the perfect blend of spicy and sweet.  there is no wrong answer to this pizza.  add hot peppers to it if you like a little heat.  it is totally up to you but i usually get the "
562,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was delicious also. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4pc chicken was not bad. other than that the review is subjective but my only complaint is that the glass of wine is small. i am normally fine with that but it came with a generous portion of toasted crostini. can't complain."" ""i have to say that not only is the food amazing, the employees are extremely friendly. they went as far to fulfill my request to draw john snow from game of thrones (easily the best pizza place ever!) thank you so much!"" ""ordered today for lunch for delivery to my workplace. my boss treated us to lunch since it was my birthday.  ordered online and delivery was "
563,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had on tap has a lot of sauce, which I understand since my mom is from the east coast.   the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregano's unless i know i am getting a hot cookie for dessert. my favorite is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream on top. best to share with a friend is it is rather large."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance here is trendy. a fancy cast "
564,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was a perfect blend of cheesy deliciousness and the mozzarella cheese really enhanced the pepperoni flavor.  i would absolutely recommend this place to anyone! we will be back when we are in the area.    this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere inside is nice and it is like stepping away from the busy area just outside its doors.  it was clean and comfortable and very relaxing.  the service was great and our waitress was knowledgeable about the menu."" ""flour & barley is located on the linq promenade.  this place has really good wood fire pizzas.  you can buy the pizza by the slice at the stand right next to the restaurant.  if you "
565,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza and  the blue cheese should be on the menu as well. price is good, it was fresh and delicious.  recommended for lunch or snack (i got the blue cheese with sausage on it)   there was a time when this place charged more for pizza than it did for food and still charges $2.50 for a large pizza and $3 for a half.   piola is a great pizza and sandwich place. the meatballs and sausage are good. the homemade nutella pizza is very good. the white sauce is not to thick for some odd reason.  i have eaten here countless times and have never been turned off by the large families that used to come to this place.  the owners are "
566,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was a perfect blend of cheesy deliciousness with good service.  the service was very fast and friendly.  i will be back when i am in the area.    this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere inside is nice and it is like stepping away from the busy area just outside its doors.  it was clean and comfortable and very relaxing.  the service was great and the atmosphere is great.  a lot of people coming in and out of the store."" ""flour & barley is located on the linq promenade.  this place has really good wood fire pizzas.  you can buy the pizza by the slice at the stand right next to the restaurant.  "
567,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was the best one so far.  the chicken parm hoagie was also very good!  the only thing not to like this place is the waiting time for my food.  i realize this is a huge country, but we always have waiters and customers alike hanging around.  people always seem to be happy here.    [wpand, out of town mom sent us this review bc she thought it was terrific! aw yissss!  if you are a first-timer eating out, feel free to leave your drink at home and come try it out! her favorite is the ginger ale, but you can always ask :)  fresh salads, amazing chicken parm hoagie, wonderful "
568,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was a perfect blend of pepperoni, parmesan and hot peppers.  overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""great restaurant! great service and great pizzas! consistently good service and excellent food. great beers on tap. friendly staff and decent prices. will continue to go back!!"" ""guy's pizza co. coventry location has an average of 2.5 stars, say what?! i can't believe these 1 and 2 star reviews!? i have always experienced friendly and fast service at this guy's pizza location. although i have to admit the only time i go here is before i go to a show at the grog shop. i'd have to say i like the ny "
569,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was a perfect blend of deliciousness. very heavy on the pepperoni but not really punishing on the pepperoni since it is a very basic pepperoni pizza. not overly sweet on the pepperoni but still has a good flavor. not crazy busy at all but very walk in friendly. expect to pay an arm and a leg for this pizza. my wife had a beer and a soda and was not disappointed.   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic "
570,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was a nice pepperoni sticking out of the oven. i like the large pizza with pepperoni and sausage. the small is pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  i would like to try something different, e.g. chicken and waffles. but i live in cleveland so maybe that won't happen.  enough said."" ""i am a huge fan of a good pizza at a reasonable price. this is a great place for that. great pizza and good service. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything p "
571,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza wasnt bad. the ratio of the ingredients was good. i also tried the 4pc chicken 5mo bread with turkey but the mixture was good. i have to say that there flavorful sauce that i get from making sure to ask questions like this one!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular "
572,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was also quite good. not the best pizza ever but it was good. i had chicken wings with it too. topped it off with a soda we went. was a nice break from the normal pizza. i think maybe if i had asked for a side of sauce it would have been even better. the place was clean but it was obvious that everyone in here wanted to be extra fancy. will definitely be back."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to "
573,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had when i was 16 months old was the best pizza i have ever eaten.  the combination of the salty crust, the lightly sweetened condensed milk in the hot water and the partially digested meatiness of the tomato sauce is what makes this is the best pizza i have ever eaten.  there was more portion for the same price.  a generous portion of tomato sauce was also on the side.  that bitter store bought parmesan that comes with the crust is what got me through 6 months in captivity.  the family that runs this place seem very nice, so if you are ever in cleveland, you should definitely stop by and try this place!  they carry a variety of canned sodas, coffee, tea and "
574,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had tasted great and thought it was time to try something different.    order two medium pizzas with garlic balls (12) and were seated right away. the pizza was large with a large portion with great flavor.        other than that great pizza there wasn't really much else that i desired to try.  it was just good food...which is what you're supposed to be doing when you're a kid growing up.  :(""   i definitely recommend this place for their pizza.  however, i think its safe to say that they've had plenty of customers that have ordered from them - probably because it's really big."" ""great pizza, great price!  they make it "
575,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had was very good. the mozzarella cheese was not.  i had a salad yesterday and it was not too spicy or anything.  it was just a light dressing.  i will be ordering from here on out.  my husband said that they were extremely nice in there too.    cannot wait to go back!"" girlfriend took me here for my birthday. awesome pizza. a little pricey but well worth it. ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my bday. "
576,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was a perfect blend of cheeses - medium roast and spicy.   the pepperoni was not overpowering nor was the garlic bread or the salad.  i would also like to mention that the lady at the register was very friendly.  i will be back when i am in the area.    overall, great pizza.  the staff is very nice and friendly.  i would definitely come back!    piola is near campus so of course you can eat there and pick up pizza... yum."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of "
577,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had last night wasn't far behind. not bad. very tasty. service was wonderful. wish we had something like this place here on the strip.  it's nice to have a place to just relax with good beers and good food locally."" ""whoohoo! i am a huge wine lover and this is the best one i have ever eaten. i am not a soda drinker at all but i love the tractor soda and i wish there was somewhere i could purchase it! the only thing i didn't like today was how long everything took. it already took us 45 minutes to drive there and another 30+ minutes of waiting to order and 30+ to get out food. our food also came out all separate. we got our "
578,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was a perfect blend of roasted chicken and crispy chicken.  the combination was amazing and i crave it right know. i also tried the 5-cheese pizza, which was not only delicious, it was the type of pizza i am used to in montreal.  there is a place in new jersey that i have yet to find which compares.  the pizza here is thin and crispy chicken with an amazing blend of cheeses.   the ratio of the ingredients is very good for a bar food place.  i feel great afterwards."" ""first time eating here and was very impressed with the pizza and staff. they were very nice and friendly. also the service was great. i felt welcome and at ease throughout our meal "
579,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had was a little salty but it was still good.  i had a cheese pizza with chicken and it was also very good.  the worst part was when the pizza cook said they don't like cinnamon in their cinnamon rolls so they have them cold.  my family had a mango mohito and they said it was very good.        other than that great pizza there wasn't a bad choice.  we had a mango mohito, an iced tea, a cookie for dessert and my dad had a cookie and he said it was very good.        other than that great pizza there wasn't a bad choice.  we had a mango mohito, an iced tea "
580,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was a perfect blend of sweet and cheese. i had it today with sausage and mushrooms and it was very very good. i will be back especially since it's so close to my place in anthem. my pizza was also quite good. i just wanted something spicy and not too sour. a simple hot change of a topping would have been great. i think there is a place in the plaza that i have not visited but will be coming back.  i will be back when i am in the area and recommend it to everyone."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've had in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really "
581,5,Positive, The pepperoni pizza i had was not the only one that did not impress me. the service was very fast.  i ordered my pizza early for my son and he met up with his friends so they could get their food.  when their table came up they took it right away and did not say a word about it.  my table also did not say a word about their food.  my husband and i were sat right away so we both ordered food.  my husband took out his phone and took pictures of the pizza and how it was made.   he said that the pizza looked amazing when it came out of the oven and that it was delicious.        other than that my husband and i had a good pizza and 
582,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had in my mouth.  it was like a pizza cooked in the oven.  could not stop eating it.  service was wonderful.  both the girls working were polite and helpful.  this will be my go to pizza place the next few months."" ""we love black rock!!! this is the best place to get pizza!! we became fans when they were over on race st. now that they have more room it's even better!!! they also have great pizza!! black rock is my town!!! great food!! yum!!"" ""trying out a new greek place today and so happy i did! went to hummus for lunch. this is a great concept i like. blaze pizza did it and so does hum "
583,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza we ordered for carry out next time was a 7 inch pizza with pepperoni,  added crunchy chopped salad and cuban sandwich.  temperature was right for this kind of service.  ambiance was pleasant.  the staff was very friendly.  will definitely be back"" ""i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious and the delivery was right there when we were there.  we had  pizza and  pasta and  the service was great.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that the pizza didn't look that great when it arrived.  i don't know what percentage of people carry on their pizzas and cut it themselves because it's a "
584,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had with chargrilledrumbled happened to be the size of a medium pizza, which was plenty big for one of us. for someone with small hands, that was not a problem. the pizza was not overly oily with every bite, and did not soak through our pizza.   the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant.   i will be back when i am in the area.  i will be back to try more pizzas, and will report back if i have liked any of them.  my friends and i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and said that we loved it.  it was not a strict vegan, but rather a Mediterranean "
585,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had in my hand wasnt too hot and i know many people love to have their pizza hot and fresh all day long.  more precisely, their pizza is really good.  the pepperoni pizza is really spicy and needs to be broken up into small pieces so that its not overwhelming.  the small pieces of pizza are very good and i will be back."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza "
586,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had for breakfast yesterday was a perfect blend of pepperoni, sausage, and garlic breading.  it was smeared with a sort of garlic sauce that was kind of garlicky.  overall, it was very good.  for $5-6 bucks, it's a good deal.    you get a pizza with three items and an hour wait time.  that is a small pizza.  you can buy that pizza here: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7sp "
587,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza with sausage on it was very good.  the mint go here is another favorite of ours.  this one is a good for after dinner conversation piece.  for some reason or another, my date and i decided to stop by.  we ordered a salad and enjoyed it immediately.    i would have given this spot 10 stars if my review weren't so long and detailed... :)  ...and if my review weren't so long and detailed... :)   this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family.  it's located off a ravioli place so expect all kinds of people there.  price is good, it's a great spot to bring the whole family, and the amb "
588,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had for breakfast was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i also had the duck piolaaiyus, mushroom flatbread, and the garbanzo bean burger. each one was great!  there was a decent amount of portions of food!  i will be back when i am in the area.  my husband said that they were great too!    cannot wait to go back!"" girlfriend took me here for my birthday. awesome pizza. a little pricey but well worth it. ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy "
589,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza and i had such an amazing experience!  the service was great and the atmosphere was very pleasant.  i would definitely come back!    ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza.  that's not to say that all the pizza is bad, but the ratio of the ingredients is good.  the sauce is not to thick or thick and suits us well.  it has a good flavor.    the customer service here is excellent.  every time i go i get a different response.  they always seem to be happy.  on this visit they were very quick "
590,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had previously sent was a 9 in the microwave but it came with a generous portion of roasted garlic, which i admittedly did not heat up.  therefore, i was somewhat reticent to try a 12 in the crust.  however, my husband ordered a sandwich earlier in the morning and was told it came with tomato slices, cucumber, and egg.  in my previous reviews i had mentioned that the restaurant was very clean but this time i was more reticent to say the least.  although the restaurant is on the low end for a bar/club it was still very friendly.    i will be back; it was clean and fast.  my husband said he enjoyed his meal and is planning on returning when he is "
591,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had yesterday was outstanding!  portions are large, cheap and tasty.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. we ate a delicious "
592,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had on point was not only delicious, it was topped with hot peppers and onions!  a refreshing change from the typical pizza pepperoni.  being able to play video games while you wait for your order is what makes this place so unique.  customers are not served food until they are ready and are treated to a friendly staff.  ambiance is trendy and it was a hit!  greatly recommend! ""good pizza, great staff!  always walk in here for a slice of pizza when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good. pizza is nice. cinnamon roll is spicy. half and half is my favorite. cinnamon roll is also very good. :)"" ""great pizza, great delivery! "
593,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had in my teens (he was 8 at the time) was the best pizza i have had in a long time in the valley. very clean place, very friendly service. a very good pizza. many thumbs up cibo!"" ""fantastic pizza and husband was a big fan of the crispy fried chicken. so glad we decided to stop by. we enjoyed everything we tried and headed back out with some family members. good times."" ""the fountain drink is my absolute favorite.  the ice cream is alright when you want to be a little bit extra fancy.  a little pricey though.  you get a glass of milk for $4.50, which is a good deal.  you get half of a large drink "
594,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had with avocados beans and sweet potato was very good.  a little pricey but we had a good deal.  i also had the cheese pizza with parmesan and it was very good.  one of my fav things to do is get dinner here before catching a rep film at cinema du parc.  very chill.  lastly, my favourite is the pizza that has spinach, artichoke, and heirloom tomatoes.  my only complaint is that the pizza needs to be greased more often than the pizza itself.  that is easily remedied by adding some melted butter to the pizza crust.  lastly, i wanted to take a picture of the pizza and how it came out. the "
595,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza was not the only pepperoni we had but it was one that stood out to us.  there was a good amount of chunks of cheese on the pizza.  i also needed to portion it out thinly so that more people could enjoy it.  i ended up throwing everything out because i realized that the oven wasn't even heated up when i was leaving but rather it was sitting there on the burner when i arrived.  in the mean time i ate a very large pepperoni pizza which was also quite good.  the wings on the other hand were very good.  they were also very small."" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was "
596,5,Positive, The pepperoni pizza and parmesan were very good.  two young girls with small shops carried on their shoulders ordered the espresso chocolate chip and they both loved it.  one of them was quite young and the other older and had a bigger smile on her face.                   other than that the young guy took my order and was very polite.  the lady on the phone who took my order was short with her words and said to just order it.         other than that i have had my pizza and i have never had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the place is very clean and friendly.  there is a wide 
597,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had before that tasted really good. i would like to try something different tomorrow but i guess tomorrow is a birthday present. Happy birthday, kathy."" ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the pizza was amazing and then we went back for pasta. seriously the service was wonderful and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we had wine, appetizers, salad and full entrees and the bill was ....wait for it....$48 bucks. whoohoo."" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken pizza the next. the """" "
598,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had before that tasted bad. i would recommend that you ask for extra hot if you need to. or add hot peppers to it.."" ""i had a dream tonight about being a pizza hut guest.  it was a pretty cool idea, so i couldn't wait to try it.  my first time i ate there i ordered a pizza with pepperoni,  and thats where things started getting interesting.  there was a decent amount of pepperoni in there.    i ordered a pizza with chicken and it was pretty good.  there was a decent amount of chicken.  there was a decent amount of sauce.  there was a decent amount of garlic bread.  there was also some sort of chopped salad. "
599,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza is to die for and so is their service! highly recommend!! ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. can't wait to "
600,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza I had was delicious. the ratio of the ingredients was good. i also had chicken parm hoagie, garlic bread and a variety of hot jim's jacks. each one was great. will definitely be back."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a salad yesterday to go. they give a good amount of salad! the feta in the mediterranean salad is super yummy! (he said he loved it though i did not try it)  i will be back when i am in the area. happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too! will be interesting to see what they open up doing."" ""good food in a great location inside the lin "
601,5,Positive," The pepperoni pizza i had before that tasted great too.  this time i decided to try out the chicken and waffles."" this was my fave pizza so far.  the delivery was right around noon and not too busy.  i got a slice of their white chapel pizza which was very good.  they have a wide variety of pizza, white chapel being their speciality.  i got a slice of their bitcoin pizza which was just fine.  they accept all kinds of payment methods.  i got a slice of their chicken pizza which was also quite good.  they have a good selection of slices, price is very good.    the pizza here is pretty standard.  they also serve up a decent amount of drinkrees. "
602,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices with lots of mushrooms! very good! welcome to lucille!! enjoy the ambience of the lounge and the pizza!! or the mac n' cheese pizza!! awesome!! or the hamburger pizza!! awesome!! or the new york, chicken or beef. i really don't know what else to say about this place. everything i had was amazing. the pizza was solid, not too heavy, not too spicy, not too sweet, not too spicy but enough to get you going in the morning. i would definitely come back!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't "
603,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices with amazing fresh ingredients! not something i come across too often but boy are the pizza's good. large families/parties need to be aware of their surroundings and be aware of their food. also be aware of the price.  people here assume they are cash only so be prepared to wait a long time for a change.  8 months now and i have never seen anyone withdraw their $5.00!! that is some shady business gonna be doing here. be respectful and happy to be around people who are just getting started in the game!!!!"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ah "
604,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a decent price. very friendly staff. good service. good portions. ""good pizza, good price.  lovely place off the beaten path, drive up and have yourself a delicious meal. if you like thin greasy pizza, then a thin crust is good for you. the greasy spuds that came with the salad were very very good. i prefer the thick to thin split but there are always leaveovers. i am not a huge pizza lover myself but the greasy pizza here on earth takes precedence over the sweet.   the owner asked me if i like thick or thin crust pizza. my answer was simple; it depends on the size of pizza you order.   the pizza here is pretty good "
605,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a large burger. tasted great! havok time."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very good quick and attentive service.  for $5.99 she got the dinner portion with soup.  i also tried the grilled chicken and it was very good.  there was nothing fancy or upscale about the restaurant.  it was just good food.  i would definitely eat here again if I was in the area.  one of the reviews picked "
606,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and very friendly servers. can't complain - even the gyros were great!  ""i got a half and half of buffalo chicken and buffalo chicken pizza. the buffalo chicken was very good and the chicken was very good. i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this requires more of an appreciation of the food, but it was very good. the place is super clean, has a great atmosphere, and they are very fast.  i will be back; it was fast, friendly delivery of the best pizza ever!"" ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place "
607,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and high quality toppings. very neighborly! highly recommend! ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great stuff! they are very considerate of their guests and very hospitable. also, they are very attentive conversationally. they are not overly helpful on the phone or in person. very friendly staff!  i would like to give this place a 5-star rating as it is based on many positive reviews on yelp.  although this may seem like a no brainer for a pizza place, trust me on this one when i say that yelp is the real deal.  you will have a blast!  you will have the best pizza you will probably "
608,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and service! loved the """"chandelier""""."" ""fantastic slice and the service! welcomed the family! the pizza was unbelievable! welcomed the entire staff! the kids loved the pizza! the kids were so excited! smelled like pizza!    fantastic pizza and they gave us a """"cake"""".    fantastic slice and the service! welcomed the family! the pizza was unbelievable! welcomed the entire staff! the kids loved the pizza! the kids were so excited! smelled like pizza!    fantastic slice and the service! welcomed the family! the pizza was unbelievable! welcomed the family! the pizza was unbelievable! welcomed the family! the pizza was unbelievable!  "" "
609,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and only took like 2 minutes to make! amazing! will be returning often to try out the different combinations of pies!!"" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing. the chicken wings with fries as delicious (i'd take a giant bowl of the fries alone because they were addictive), garlic buns (easily a meal in itself) that were actually garlicky, "
610,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices!!! huge portions with great price! always friendly and quick service. ""good prices on pizza!  the delivery service was very fast and friendly. also they were extremely polite when talking to me.   i'll be back when i'm in the area.   Cheers!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. the food is fun and tasty. i recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of "
611,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! enough to fill up a small pizza like this!!! loved it! family members also loved it!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in "
612,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and the like, all for just me and my husband. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the lady in the kitchen, but she waved me through so i ate the pizza slice by slice. my husband also said that they are very nice in there too.   cannot complain - pizza is big boys' stuff - guys working, girls doing, dogs off duty, parents at work, kids daycare centre lots of people playing, employees at work, wedding present day, awesome beer list, guys playing video games, female fans attending, husband away, on leave, on a business trip, on vacation, on a honeymoon, on yelp, on amelia's, on yelp, on eat "
613,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! huge salad! amazing service! what more can you ask for?"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walked in here for a slice and a pop when i was in the valley. they carry a variety of items for sale, and the bakery is the best pizza delivery i've had in tx. they deliver quickly and with a lot of product. not a lot of space, but it was good there and i'll be back."" ""this is the best pizza i've had in the city sienna. i moved to the valley about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has really good pizza. they carry a variety "
614,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and massive salads! i fell in love, so classy, so classy! awesome place. ""first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the cheef"""" sandwich, great flavor. friends said the pizza was really good too."" ""vegan options in downtown vegas!!! pizza was super tasty and the service was pretty decent. half way through baking my pie they remembered that i only wanted mushrooms on half, so they took it out of the oven and picked them off.  kind of weird, but whatever.  nice gesture, but paws off my pizza! lol."" authentic italian pizza made with fresh ingredients! do yourself a favor and place an order tonight! personally love the quattro formaggio pizza! "
615,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! same goes for the prices  it's hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of new york but this is the place to get the best pizza!! the slices are enormous for a pizza of that size and they are hot so be sure to get a hot one as well.    be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  the pizza here is quick and easy, making it ideal for on-line ordering.    the free hot peppers olive oil mix is divided into three equal parts; chili, oregano and coriander.  each part is great!  to save time ask for a pizza that is just for me and i will happily continue to go back!  "
616,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices covered in pepperoni, sausages, and onions. i almost fell off my chair when i saw the wrapping paper came off the pizza!  very professional - very polite - very good service!  ambiance is cozy and modern like the rest of the space. pizza is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy were the good pizza and the staff was great!!! loved the """"chandelier"""".  see below for a better view"".  service was ok."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza "
617,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a smart move on their part. they bring the pizza to our table and we always get to try the pizzas first time around. place was so great!! we will be back when we are in the area.   the place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so when you buy a pizza you can get a free container of wine! awesome. i would totally recommend this place to anyone! we will be back again and again!"" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to "
618,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and very good pizza crust and sausage. very good price! extremely friendly staff! highly recommend! ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entree meals. the pizza was disappointing, but their homemade (?) ranch dressing is out of this world! it's creamy, thick, and very nicely seasoned to go with their surprisingly fresh salads. "
619,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices covered in pepperoni, sausages, and onions. must have been something special for an order of 10 people to comprehend what they were getting. 8 of us sat there, the other 3 on the 1 and 2 ate the pizza, and the last person didn't left a bad aftertaste.  we will definitely be back"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined "
620,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and they were all for me! huge! also they were out of two of my fav things - the pasta and meatballs. they were out of two places I have tried! first time i ate there i ordered a salad and forgot i had ordered any and it came with a lot of mmmm! very happy today!"" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing. "
621,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and was a perfect 5-star meal. very fast service. many people coming in and out! will definitely be back!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of "
622,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and alfredo sauce. large kids menu,dad took them all fancy (12zd, 19yoi,zhe,zhe,zhe). wanted to bring in the big kid with us. raised 4 kids on this diet alone and have never felt so full. not convinced yet if happy hour is allowed. best to call before you eat here."" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant was very helpful in making sure i knew exactly what i was getting when i placed my order. the pizza was great! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and "
623,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i couldn't believe they were free. huge also came with a great selection of hot sauces. dare i say i liked it better than bbq pizza, or any other kind of pizza? maybe. but what i did know is that bf returned it 'favorites' fresh and poored the hell out of it.   btw. the service was great! ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo.  was not only was the food amazing - they were decently attentive.  i also learned that there are no age or color requirements on the workers - they just do their job.  kind of awesome."" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is a great slice of pizza close "
624,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a amazing sauce. also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat a pizza slice, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more choices  in dipping sauces. best gluten "
625,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and hot puddings - what more could you possibly want."" ""great pizza but sparse on the toppings. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, basil, mozzarella, and an avocado slice. the last one i had was okay, but the staff was very friendly. will return when i am in the area. place was great!"" just left and it was my second visit. i really love everything i've ordered so far! the butter pecan shake is to die for. you get pecans in every sip, it's amazing. i am not a soda drinker at all but i love the tractor soda and i wish there was somewhere i could purchase it! the only thing i didn't like today "
626,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and took home a slice of the top! very tasty indeed! would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and just me and my husband at times and the customer service here never let us down. very friendly staff! will be returning :)"" ""fantastic pizza, pizza that you can't buy! they have really good pizza and it's not like they move fast so be sure to make a reservation if you must. their website is super simple be sure to click on the ""shop"" tab and then the ""make a purchase"" tab. really helps you make your decision as to whether to order from them or make a purchase from a restaurant to which they're associated. be sure to "
627,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and the delicate texture of the parmesan is what sold me.  no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken dinner.  was a little chilly out there but everything else was great.  will definitely be back."" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great crust, and no """"american"""" tomato sauce, but rather a good fresh, ground, uncooked tomato sauce that gets cooked in the oven. the pepperoni is not like you get in the us. it is sausage resembling more of a home made pepperoni with strong "
628,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and al dente sauce. very tasty. suggestion of the fried chicken and waffles. i did not try that but my husband did and he said that was fantastic. very busy place but lights off and on quickly. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. ""so all the round table pizza chains in vegas shut their doors and removed their signs... damn shame if you ask me as i was born and raised in the bay and round table has always been my favorite franchise of pizza. damn. so after driving to their location on sahara and ft apache with a craving for "
629,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good sub he also said the staff is very nice was that from the reviews on yelp? what a winner ! we have ordered from there twice in one week and have ordered from there a third time.  delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly the food was perfect.  they look good and are a great service team.  i will be back and if you are looking for a quick and convenient place to get pizza i would definitely recommend."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i "
630,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a super yummy dipping sauce! i feel like i'm in italy! first time i ate there i ate there alone and i don't know if i did everything i was craving. huge slices of pizza and high quality pizza here. recommend sharing a large with 3 other people or saving it for leftovers. i also tried the super spicy diavola sauce and yes, that is a very strong tomato sauce.  your mileage may vary on the amount of slices of pizza you eat, but i highly recommend sharing a large with 3 other people or saving it for leftovers.  there was a large boy & girl here who were both little girls. the older girl had a strawberry haired, blue eyed, green eyed and a "
631,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! huge salad! wonderful! great price! highly recommended!!"" ""ordered pizza and double dip. ordered pizza and double dip were both in the double digits, but the pizza was amazing. added bacon and cucumbers, and oh so good.  added chicken, and oh so good.  addison here is a good place. the staff is great. good pizza. good people.  will be returning!!"" ""my boyfriend and i heard about from a friend so we decided to try it out. here on grog Tuesday, we had pizza and wings. what a delicious combination! pizza was thin, there was a decent amount of slices, and they were hot and crispy. we also tried the big apple pizza, which "
632,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i would happily devour them. large families/parties need not apply."" ""fell in love! this is a great place! lovely decorated restaurant. very friendly staff. great food. good price. great beer selection.  fast forward ""ordered sushi pizza and blackened chicken kabob.  ordered pizza and wings.  piola catherine!!!  fourteen minutes later i was sitting there, and felt great afterwards.  pizza was amazing.  i had a custom pizza made just for us - super cozy.  chicken and waffles were very good.    to spice it up, we asked for a few toppings that i am not crazy about.  added to the pizza was a "
633,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices with great service!! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :) great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the me "
634,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and the love they have for their pizza. huge also comes in whenever we come to eat here. very friendly staff here. only thing not so friendly is the water park. they don't keep their water parks clean, they just leave it be. also don't forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. i actually prefer the mild to hot version, but water is still nice and sweet.  would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and just me and my husband at times and the customer service here never let us down. super friendly waiters and great food and will never go bad. also they have really good thin crust "
635,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and very few middle Eastern dishes. i expected more pizza but it was good. lots of sauce and herbs. not a bad buy. large families/parties need to be aware that places that serve noodles do not take out a table for dinner.  so next time i am in cleveland i will be ordering from bizrilium instead of from charbar. i will be back; pizza is excellent!  if you are looking for a quick, great slice and want the kids in, look no further than the mini pizza."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we have ordered from charbar and were pleasantly surprised.    the pizza was really good.  pizzas were thin and crispy and "
636,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! the thick and the perfect balance of cheesy deliciousness! loved the fried pizza! also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh!"" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  "
637,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i thought they were ice-cold. quite possibly the best pizza i have ever eaten. covered in spicy jalapenos, it was amazing. the slices are enormous and the aroma in the apartment is extremely welcoming.   the pizza here is consistent with the nearby brew pub. the pizza is thin, crispy crust and often calls for extra sauce. the call me crazy, but i think extra sauce adds a lot of flavor to the entire pizza.   the pizza here is consistent with the nearby brew pub. the pizza is thin, crispy crust and often calls for extra sauce. the call me crazy, but i think extra sauce adds a lot of flavor to the entire pizza.   i live alone so i don "
638,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i am totally thrilled! very tasty and the best pizza i have had in a long time. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, which i appreciate greatly! huge fan! :)"" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmm and do not forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the diavola pizza "
639,5,Positive, Huge pizza slices and i couldn't believe they were so cheap!  they were so good!! i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant pizza they deliver.  it was a great idea on the menu!  serve a salad to start with and move onto the pasta.  my husband always gets to choose his own toppings but we do get to keep most of the pasta.  my son gets to choose his own veggies but we do get to keep most of the chicken.  my grandson gets to choose his own meats but we do get to keep most of the beef.  my other grandson gets to choose his own chicken but we do get to keep most of the beef.  my only complaint is that the 
640,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a large private dining area. huge husband brooded, huge kids ate pizza, new yorker boys ate pizza, wild rose ate pizza, fat boy ate pizza, and the good old fashioned eat a pizza here. we also needed a water cup for dipping. half way through baking my pie the dough would not come together.  so far yelp is the only place i have asked about availability and they said it was gone by the time it left the oven but it was back on the menu because it was on sale and people were leaving.  so far the only ones leaving are the good old fashioned guys and girls who are used to working 15 hour days then having a pizza here.  family members also left but they did not "
641,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and an entire case of fruit punch. i am not a heavy drinker at all but i will say that is has a bourbon base. enough said."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a can of tahitian treat. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my "
642,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i forgot to mention they have the best wedding food store in new york!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at hometown hero's pizza. we live 600 miles away but plan on coming back as soon as we hear from the bride and groom. our plans were made public on the day of the wedding, so i can't complain. the restaurant was very clean and comfortable, and much of the planning was for a large group of friends or couples. we shared appetizers with our date and they shared theirs as well. the service was great and our waitress was knowledgeable about the menu."" ""i absolutely love this place! we traveled a long way to get here and absolutely love the whole farmers market.  the delivery service was "
643,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a large salad. huge salad! so many salad things i could have eaten on that pizza! must have been huge for a small pizza! :o also many small dishes that were very tasty! fruits, veggies, even a pasta dish! very modern and contemporary serving here! recommend the pepporoni slice and the cinnamon spice pizza! or the walnuts pizza - great on the go back home eat! or the pasta and meat lovers - great on the go back home eat!"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!   "
644,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices with amazing sauce!  i am not a soda drink guy but this place has a place smell about it.  place was so great we went here twice on our 4 month anniversary!  was so good!    cannot wait to go back!"" girlfriend took me here for my birthday. awesome pizza. a little pricey but well worth it. ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my birthday. much higher quality pizza for a much lower price. a great place to get together with friends to "
645,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and very friendly waiters. very good pizza and very neighborly! highly recommend this place on foot of the great reviews on yelp! if you just want to pick up some pizza, they are also sold out. but you can always bring in the pizza and save some money by not bringing in the pizza.   you will have an awesome slice of pizza,  no one will be disappointed."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were "
646,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and another large one for my son and myself. very filling indeed, needed to bump it up a spot on the to-do list. highly recommended!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the "
647,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and another huge one for my wife. very filling indeed, we sat right away and were seated right away. size wise, it was huge. huge pizza for a small pizza, big slices for a small pizza. i expect to be coming here frequently to try out the different combinations of pizza."" ""great newyork style pizza, crust and dough is really good. lunch with the slice and salad and drink is so bomb for only $2.50! very reasonable. great service, everyone knows how to handle themselves. will be returning!!"" ""rites from rwb here on out are bomb. they bring the pizza to your table and they also serve up a great many great new york style pizza items! toppings are fresh and "
648,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i thought they were large. they were generous but it was all about the sauce. i ordered a personal sized (i was craving it right know) and it came with a generous portion of toasted sesame seeds.  add to that a generous portion of crispy fried chicken and you've basically got the perfect stoner pizza.  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.   i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try "
649,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and the staff is super friendly! highly recommend. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing a large with 3 other people or saving it for leftovers. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives "
650,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and the crust was amazinggggg, definitely going to come back for sure! would totally recommend this place to anyone! if you haven't been here it's worth the trip!"" ""great pizza, great price! this is the type of restaurant that is typically found downtown pittsburgh. that said everything is great here. the pizza, the chicago style, the blackened chicken and the amazing eggplant salad - what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to business yesterday to redeem some of my worthless starbucks points.   i normally order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously.   i know some people who are regulars at the restaurant and have never been here.  "
651,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! wow! so yummy! recommend the mushroom pizza! ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin crust.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. can't wait to "
652,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and 3,000 calories! ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. tasty, cheap snacks (arancini). beautiful space - the decor is phenomenal for a counter-service place. much higher-end all around (quality of food, quality of ambience) than you'd expect for the price point - $8.99 pizza, hot and iced tea, water, 12 oz can of tahitian treat (i think that's what it was called) - that is what real new york pizza is all about.    "
653,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a large salad! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where "
654,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices with fresh mozzarella and parmesan. very tasty! would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and just me and my husband at times and the customer service here never let us down. super friendly waiters and great food and will never go bad. also they are very busy and efficient which is good when you are eating here. ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza, salad, whole wheat crackers and awesome chicken pizza. my only complaint is that the glass of wine is small. i don't know what their pour is but it is the only thing not generously given. not served in a traditional stemmed glass, it was more like a small 1 "
655,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a large salad. the young kids loved the pizza and munched on the yummy cheese grits for hours. must endorse!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  "
656,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! amazing! highly recommended!!! ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmm and do not forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the diavola pizza with spicy salami is equally delicious. the crust here is right up there with terroni and the prices are about the same if not a bit lower.  "
657,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices covered in pepperoni, basil and sautéed onions. huge kids menu,  we lost track!  A friend had a kid with us and the only thing not covered was the fries.  which was nice since we don't like to empty our plates.  my husband had a couple of subs he wanted to try and he said they were very good!    i'll be back; it was worth it!"" ""i love fishing. i think it's insane.  it's rare that i come to oregano's without also coming here.  being from the east coast, it must be pretty difficult to find a good pizza here.    the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious "
658,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! huge john, they were huge!!! huge oilaf, huge!!! huge zen garden, huge!!! huge cookie!! huge khakis, huge!!! huge cucumbers, lots of them and the largest egg on the planet! amazing!!! loved the fried eggplant and zucchini. also, the service was great! we don't usually come to monroe park, but we needed it. lots of great comments!!!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was "
659,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and an amazing tiramisu. i think this place could use some of the extra seating but it was very well received overall. very friendly staff! Please come back!"" "". . .forget about pizza for lunch. or dinner. i'm fine with that. i'll be back."" "". . .seriously, pizza. i am a vegetarian and this place is the best. i am not a pizza fanatic, but the thought of eating pizza by myself, at all hours of the day and night, is amazing. generally, my family loves pizza. niello's is a nice place for conversation, and we love cats. kudos to you."" ""you look nice. you must be hungry. i am "
660,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and many items they were great! huge part of me wishes we had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being taken, but it was all i could do not to throw up. the slices are huge and i love them when someone says they are the best pizza they have ever eaten. they are definitely good. the price point was very good, even when comparing to the chicken nuggets they are a great deal. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables "
661,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i think that was a good thing! the slices were plenty to share as we were not short on pizza! one small pizza and you're good to go; large for two. hot peppers and onions are great too! always friendly and fast service. ""good prices.  good ny pizza.  fast.  good selection of slices with cool toppings.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't "
662,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh!"" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more choices  in dipping sauces. best gluten free vegan pizza in the "
663,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a large yogurt chowder. very filling indeed, even when sharing with a friend. very neighborly! very good pizza! we highly recommend!"" ""the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregano's unless i know i am getting a hot cookie for dessert. my favorite is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream on top. best to share with a friend is it is rather large."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance "
664,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and it was perfect for us. huge husbands kiss my ass and i will continue to go back again! highly recommend this place for any man that enjoys a good pizza."" ""loved the pizza. they were good. loved the wings. great. cinnamon sugar glazed on top.  had a couple of pizza habits. sometimes when i am out doing errands i like to wander around and try out different locations. this is a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some great pizza. i also enjoy the wings that come with the pizza. they are great.  custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients. i am reliably informed that the pizza i am provided is quite possibly the best pizza i have ever eaten. "
665,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and tiny ny style townhouse pizza for only $3.75 and they were the size of a small pizza!! huge!!!"" super york pizza at a super price with the coupon ""meh"". the slice is enormous and their is no better pizza anywhere. meh. meh. meh. meh. meh. meh. meh. meh. meh. meh. meh. meh. us first time here with two friends ate there and were very impressed with the pizza and staff. very friendly staff. very good pizza. very good pizza. very good pizza. very good pizza. very good pizza. very good pizza. very good pizza. very good pizza. very good pizza. "
666,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and the crab cake.  i'm not crazy about crabs, but they were there for some sort of weird meat related drink.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""i remembered this place immediately. it's been on my to do list for quite some time.   favorite pizza: the blackened chicken and waffles.  very tasty.   most recent visit was for lunch. we sat on a patch of grass at a great spot - definitely a favorite!   the owner pointed us in the direction of a great restaurant that was nearly finished being built.  it was on the catherine line between the two locations.  a pizza hut was built "
667,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more choices  in dipping sauces. best gluten free vegan pizza in the "
668,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i almost choked on one portion. huge family size and he gave it to my niecoee boy who was 5 at the time. huge pizza sauce mix, huge side of fries with honey bbq sauce, half of them were for take out and the other half were leftovers.  am i supposed to be happy about that? probably not. but i will say that my boy really enjoyed his pizza and that is what sold me.  am i supposed to be mad at them or happy about this? probably not. but i will say that my boy really enjoyed his pizza and that is what sold me.   rewrite this and call it a day. business will resume as normal."" ""business as usual? "
669,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and claimed they were the size of a small pizza. i was basing it off of the photo on the box but they were the size of a small pizza i would get if I ate the whole pizza. my only complaint is that the edge of the pizza crust was very burnt and it was very hard to remove the cap.  i would recommend this to anyone - it's a good family restaurant that i will be back."" ""the honey badger pizza is a favorite of ours. we also serve pizza made with spinach, tomatoes, eggplant and onions. the eggplant is very important because it gives the pizza a chew...more so than the topping does. the pizza is made perfect with fresh ingredients and the sauce is very simple to "
670,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and they were at a decent price. small caps are very picky eaters so be prepared to wait a while for your pizza. the pizza here is around 12 inches and is mostly consistenly pasta or breadsticks. the ones i had were quite good. some time i will be coming back.  good place to get pizza, good guys, good service. a few rwb locations in the 10 years we have lived here and no complaints!"" ""we love everything we've ordered from them, from the pizza to the hot peppers to the bbq chicken. i think the only thing not to like them is the location - they move so fast, they haven't figured out a decent ny location yet!  we will have "
671,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! seriously, the only thing better than a good pizza on this planet! ny style pizza is the real deal, no question. that peanut butter crust is amazing, thick and chewy. i am not a real fan of the term peanut butter because it implies that they use to make things like this, but if you really want to know the real reason behind the pizza being so big in ny, you should really start with the pizza itself, which is very easy to make this style of pizza. the slices are huge and you can get them hot and  medium rare.   you really can't make this style of pizza anywhere else in the world, and it is probably the best you will ever have.  the only "
672,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! i would love to come back to try some other georgians dishes. my only complaint, and i know it's coal oven pizza, is that the edge of our pizza crust was very burnt, though not nearly as bad as you'd expect. the bottom wasn't touched, and i guess that adds up to cost. overall, it was very good, and i definitely would have chosen different combinations of pizza. but prices are very reasonable--they're a good small place, and they work hard to keep it that way.   piola is small but plays a big role in helping make venetian such a great place. not only are their pizza and salad columns always refreshed, they also do a fantastic job of promoting healthy "
673,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i must say they were not only amazing fried french toast but also gave us a giant candy cane with which to dip our fingers. loved it! and the fact that they are from east coast but pizza tastes better here btw...whenever i have a pizza craving i look up the nearest u.s. location and it usually turns out to be a bit late but when it is my local pizza always comes out pretty quickly.   piola is by no means a magic bullet but it sure helps. if you like thin greasy pizza and want the carbs then a thin crust is good, but if you like thick greasy pizza and want the protein then a 1/2 to 1 ratio of crust to sauce is good, but "
674,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices, amazing garlic bread and a super tasty sauce. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was on the crust. i think it needed spun more in the oven while cooking to even it out. but i'd still definitely return, it was even good cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!   piola is near king and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. i will be back; it is worth the trip!"" great pizza at a small price. tonys is one restraunt in boulder city that really has good value with a great product. real pizza here. the slices are awesome also.. ""well what can i say about rocky's. its one of the few pizza places i like to "
675,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i am transported back in time to when pizza was king and this is as close as it gets to authentic italian pizza. the slices are enormous and you can always get a pizza for under $10 bucks and they are delicious! highly recommend this place for your americanized pizza."" ""the middle east food truck is the best truck in the area! amazing. great pizza, chicken and waffles! amazing. what more can you ask for?"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the "
676,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! seriously the pizza was amazing! topped with pepperoni, bayern root, and sauerkraut! must have been hard to stop them - otherwise it would have been a $12 dinner for two.  plus tax."" ""struggled to find a pizza place that tasted like the ones we have in michigan.   piola is a good pizza and on this particular morning we had the cheese pizza and mushroom pizza.  the pizza was thin and not too thick, crispy and not mushy.  i would like to try it but i live in cleveland so damn i guess i'll have to resort to ordering from there.  my husband said they were extremely nice in there too.    "
677,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices with delicious toppings! well, at least when it comes to the large variety i get here.  i'm normally more of a pizza lover, but love that this joint is casual enough to cater to that crowd and nice enough to suit my needs as a young professional as well.    the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am happy to discover this little gem of a place,  giving it a try would be a nice change of pace from the busy ii deadmau5 spot.  a smile, a hug, and a nacho cheese pizza would be the perfect wake up call to get you through the night."" ""the 10 year old son of the owner gave me a pizza treat "
678,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and very friendly servers. huge jar of this on the house!! ate there friday night and got the garlic buns as an afterthought. the staff is very friendly. highly recommend."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic buns were amazing.  they have such a unique flavor, you have to try it to appreciate it.  i definitely recommend the garlic buns.  they are very good.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating is "
679,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices covered in pepperoni, sausages, and sausages. i almost fell over when i saw the bacon stripe across the top & bottom. luckily i remembered to take a picture so you can see the bacon stripe! it was delicious! :)"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular "
680,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! the half and half was amazing! also i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh! i thought they stopped serving it... maybe tomorrow i shall come back."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of topp "
681,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and the sauce was so good! i also tried the big apple pie, honey bbq, and the jamon crudo pizza. i really liked the crust on this pizza. it was fresh and not too heavy on the bottom. let me say upon arrival of our food i was shocked by how generous the servers were! they immediately brought us a delicious iced coffee mocha.  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.  but i did notice that the price on the food was more like "
682,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! super tasty! would totally recommend this place!"" ""we decided to stop by on a whim. i normally order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously. my go to is a medium pizza with pepperoni, pineapple and sweet potato but this time i decided to try out the pizza and wings combo. fridays are busy and my wait time was 45mins. previous visits were a 15min wait.   a steady flow of customers would walk in to pick up their order and they all greeted the owner by name so i guess they are regulars. another thing i noticed was that a customer that came in and ordered 15mins after me received her order before me so i don't know if she received special treatment because she "
683,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and were delighted when we sat down and took orders. huge families/parties need to realize that places that have just opened are understaffed. they should really start bringing in more tables."" ""flour & barley is a great game store. i highly recommend it. their selection of beer is insane. recommend the strawberry stout kraut. or the white turkey pizza. or the grilled chicken sandwich. or the crazy idiotic hamburger. or the blue pizza. or the weirdly delicious but totally gross fried chard. or the garlicky fried egg. or the unbelievably brilliant but incredibly cheap entree salad. or the unbelievably delicious but totally gross dessert...  you get the idea.   the pizza is solid "
684,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and the hickory smoked paprika sauce that came with it was the best thing i have ever eaten. also i forgot to mention the complimentary hot peppers olive oil mix. awesome!   cannot wait to go back!"" girlfriend took me here for my birthday. awesome pizza. a little pricey but well worth it. ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my bday. i'll be back when i'm out walking around town and need a quick bite before a long day at the office. "
685,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and they were such a good hit! very neighborly! very nice! pick your poison! :)"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""this is one of the few pizza places that i actually like. the staff is very nice. i would definitely come back!"" ""pizza is my favorite dish at the moment. the wings are good and the pizza is fantastic! the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of several pizza places that i had in the past that were extremely good.   piola is a very solid pizza place. they have good growth sp "
686,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! huge, huge slices! they were all gone before another thought came up. happy to say that they have some sort of drive-thru, where you can get a slice of their pizza anytime you want! being able to play video games while you are eating is what makes this place so unique. each table against the wall has at least one system hooked up varying from nes to the wii u and ps3! overall great place. 4 stars instead of 5 because of location size. it could be so much more if moved to a larger location. but, start small and grow super pizza bros."" ""excellent food! great staff! all around a great experience. it's hidden in a strip mall attached to a gas "
687,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! so many pizza slices! i love it! when im in town  again i will be coming here! ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizz "
688,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and even though it says it's for lunch we insisted on eating it right away. huge cheesy/marinara sauce mix ups, yummy! will definitely be back."" ""i am a big fan of piola. i mean, they have the best wedding soup in montreal. i think the only place i will ever need to cleanse the palate with a glass of wine.  so, what is it exactly that they have that makes them different? well...they have the best wedding soup in montreal.   i am not a big wine drinker myself but, when i say they have the best wedding soup in montreal, i really mean it.  they use fresh ingredients, awesome broth, and they "
689,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i didn't even HAVE to wait to be seated because i already knew the one in the slice was good. huge! also, the service picking up the food was excellent. everyone was very friendly.  will definitely be back!"" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could've finished, but it was all amazing. the chicken wings with fries as delicious (i'd take a giant bowl of the fries "
690,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and the cheese they use is by far my favorite! so good i get the same thing every time and some how taste better every time! warn: the place is very busy pleb!! busy patrons, busy tables, busy workers!! busy places!! busy people!! busy places!! busy people!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i would have to say that they know how to shake an excellent one.   the garlic bread and wedges that came with the chicken mix was pretty good. some of the garlic bread was bit tough, but still has a good flavor. some of "
691,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a large garlic cheese bread that was quite possibly the best garlic bread I have ever eaten! ""got a couple of slices of pizza and a salad today and was not disappointed. the pizza was big, thick and loaded with pizza ingredients, and was accompanied by a great amount of garlic, which I will definitely use again. i am not a real pizza lover, but this was amazing! the dressing was wonderful and i think this is what drew me to garlic. i think this could be a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we'll have to wait and see!"" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here! had a couple of glasses of wine, ate "
692,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a salad was very much like any other salad you would find at a local grocers. i had the chowder with extra virgin olive oil, the joe stuffy spicy jim jim...read more   darlin 54 13  delicious! this is a solid, not the best pizza but it's good! i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. "
693,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and hummus along with a lot of great service. very neighborly! highly recommend."" ""fantastic pizza and salad! had the lambretta special pizza, the 757 dinner pizza, the jamon crudo pizza, and the 14-inch pizza with sausage. the service was very friendly. the pizza was wonderful. the salad was great. the staff was great. i will be back when i am in the area. happy to say that they opened a stand by location a few blocks away! well worth the trip!"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!  amazingly fast delivery  of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  la.   "
694,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices with a fewaggios sides. high quality pizza and good price. they also serve up a great brunch lunch."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast and friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is a reason no one but die hard pizza lovers live here !!!  there is a reason that a 70 year old man can still make you a yummy pizza !!!  there is a reason that no one but die hard pizza lovers eat here !!!  there is a reason that the ice cream is so good !!!  there is a reason that they don't make me eat spicy food all the time !!!!  there is a good pizza here !!!!  and they are "
695,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices! i would love to try other georgians but i live in cleveland so what do i do. happy havin' a pizza here. well at least till they move to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. the tables were cleared and we were treated to a beautiful afternoon in the sunshine.       when you order take out there food is great.  it's very fast.  they bring the "
696,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices with amazing sauce. also i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's a small place that source their sauce from sahara's in virginia.  a small place with a lot of customers.  small plates on top, nice and meaty chicken and beef.  best to share with a friend is it is rather large."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza.  it's not that i'm saying that because it's new york, but because it's pizza that i'm eating.  a rare gem in this country! "
697,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a really good burger. very neighborly! highly recommend! ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great salad and great service. highly recommend the eggplant pizza. the dough is made fresh! the salad pizza looks good, although i haven't tried it."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria "
698,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and i wish i remembered to take a picture so you could see the garlic toast. my only complaint is that the sidewalk was a little icy when we were leaving, but i should have taken a picture so you could see the snow pile that formed where the garlic went. not a big deal, really."" ""my husband and i were so excited for this restaurant to open because it's so close to our house! we have been here on foot many times and were able to score a table for just $10.00. very competitively priced dining!   fantastic pizza and outstanding service. we just found our new hangout!  very happy to have found it!   we will be back next time we are "
699,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and one of my fav things is to ask them to add tomato slices...seriously...i think adding tomato slices to a pizza is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the slices are enormous and i really like the crisp yet chewy crust. dare i say i like it better than secret pizza, a vegas joint on the strip that also has ny style pizza? what they have on this place is location, but pop up pizza is cheaper, faster, and equally (if not more) delicious.   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the "
700,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices and a salad! very filling indeed, we ate there sparingly but had a wonderful meal. very friendly staff! will be returning as soon as i come to town."" ""good hot dog, great fries and the best pizza puff in the state! we just finished lunch and will be back for dinner.  the atmosphere was very pleasant.  the food was really good.  i had a custom pizza and feel that it was reasonably priced.  the service was fine and the food came out in a timely fashion.  i was somewhat reticent to go after reading the pther yelp reviews but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews.  the fact that they all menyioned yhe same vompetitor makes "
701,5,Positive," Huge pizza slices - definitely the type of pizza you need to fatten up before the great hibernation. my husband said that he and his wife had never eaten pizza so quickly! lol."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. it is my """"special treat"""" when i need one. theres a 5 minute wait time for a pizza call- mr. gyuto is fast. very friendly. huge slices for the price of one pizza. a salad as well. people are very friendly. very reasonable."" ""ordered today for lunch for delivery to my workplace. my boss treated us to lunch since it was my birthday.  ordered online and "
702,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and wings! seriously the only way to describe this pizza is amazing. i am not a fan of yellowtail pizza because it portrays too many large large people on the site, but this is the only way i can properly describe it. large families/parties need to realize that places that have just opened are going to be super busy and have long wait times, so be prepared! my group of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and agnolotti. i also need to mention how delicious the tiramisu was - and i'm not a chocolate cake kinda girl! service was also phenomenal - we can't wait "
703,5,Positive," Yummy pizza! excellent sauce. family business! highly recommend!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. can't wait to try them. "
704,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i don't forget to mention the gyro platter. well i did the dishes and now for the service! small place, but fast. my only complaint is that the glass of wine is small. i think it would be nice to have more options other than just wine and beer.  my husband said that they were extremely nice when they were new.  i also looked at the menu that they have on the top right hand side. it says a lot about them that they are so nice and their business is booming.  i ended up getting a slice of their white chapel pizza which was pretty awesome. they have a lot of verticals and it was refreshing to see them grow.  my husband said that they were very nice "
705,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i really liked the whole eggplant pizza. was very tasty indeed. home made garlic bread and AFP were also very good. very busy inside but nice atmosphere and fast service. all n all it was good."" ""fast forward  received a call from my agent telling me that they had placed a business meeting call with me. i learned that they had placed a business meeting call with my mom and dad who were outside when the call came in. i expected business cards and callers kept coming in and that my mom would be happy to know that my dad is still around. needless to say my business card was not sent but instead my mom received a call from my agent telling her that my dad was available for business cards and that my "
706,5,Positive," Yummy pizza. pizza is nice and hot when it comes to breadsticks and hot peppers. enough said. highly recommend the chicken along with the garlic breadsticks. the garlic breadsticks are also good.  service is about 4 stars too."" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great crust, and no """"american"""" tomato sauce, but rather a good fresh, ground, uncooked tomato sauce that gets cooked in the oven. the pepperoni is not like you get in the us. it is sausage resembling more of a home made pepperoni with strong pork flavor. the mozzarella cheese "
707,5,Positive," Yummy pizza!! and a special order of their garlic knots. the pizza was amazing!! i would also like to try the marshmallows  yummy!! they are only available as a small, so for me to try them as a kid would be a great treat! the family that runs this place seem very nice, so if you are a kid on sunday, why not treat yourself to a slice of pizza and a soda?   piola is a great family restaurant that treats its staff very well.  the pizza is good, and so is the pizza.  i would like to try some of their seafood, pasta dishes."" ""ask for the spice mix...mmmm."" ""i would like to try other locations of this wonderful "
708,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i don't mean to knock it but it tastes very much like pizza you will find in your local pizza shop. i am not a huge pizza lover but this is good, quality pizza. quality of ingredients. quality of waaaaayyy more!   the only reason i am giving it a 4 star rating is because it took me almost 2 hours to make my pizza and i expected it to be even mediocre quality pizza but the guys were very friendly and the place was very clean.   i would definitely come back!!"" ""i would like to try this restaurant again, but i think its better served by a friend.  we have been here on different yrs and are very happy with the decision.  we have "
709,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i am loving it.  loved the garlic bread and the whole carrot cake.  service was wonderful.  both the girls working were polite and helpful.  ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain -- all was tasty. best part? the price. the cake was somewhat of a splurge ($6.50, but the slice is huge) - otherwise, it would have been a $12 dinner for two.   we'll be back to try more pizzas.  we were there early for dinner on a wednesday and it was not crowded "
710,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, great service and a smile that told us we were good. many customers came in to place to orders to place they were gone before they placed their order and they all left happy and with a smile on their face."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out "
711,5,Positive," Yummy pizza. really tasty. best to share with a friend is it is rather large."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance here is trendy. a fancy cast iron chandelier hangin, 80's music playing in the background, what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arancino, antipasti, meatballs and pizza's. the arancino's are delish. deep fried risotto balls crispy on the top and soft inside, topped with meat sauce.   antipasti was ok. meatballs were delicious too. now for the pizza's........not one of  "
712,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it being generous. the pizza was also quite possibly the best pizza i have ever eaten. the sauce was so good and the staff was great. there was also a great meal planned for us after dinner. i will definitely be back especially since it was so cheap to go."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""fast forward  ordered pizza and celery sticks. service was great! food is amazing. pizza was clean and crisp. boyfriend had a pizza he said he loved it. food is "
713,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i don't forget to mention their hot peppers...seriously, i don't give a flying fuck what people think of us. we are here because we love pizza and we will happily stay until we are shown otherwise. my wife and i are real pizza snobs; we both love pizza and consider it our special treat.  we have eaten here on multiple occasions and have never been disappointed.  we have also received many review emails from people who say they loved the pizza.  to them i say; there's always next time.  i'll be back; i promise.  if you are a first-timer i'd definitely recommend splitting with a more traditional pizza; i think it's much easier that way.  if you are "
714,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and salads! i am totally thrilled that theyre opening a pizza place of this caliber here! the MLP theme is very important to us; we love all the shows and movies! pizza is very good! lots of great options! great service! yum!"" ""ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. ordered locally! very happy with this purchase! chicken and pizza are very good! large family/dining/partying/private party dinner can be had for only $16.99! very reasonable! great location - took us right to the top! large families/dining/partying/private party need to be aware that some restaurants have limited outlets or don't accept credit cards!   i wanted to try something "
715,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i think its hard to find good pizza!! this is a great choice for a large family restaurant. you get a lot of pizzas, many smallettes and a large variety of types of pizzas. the largeettes are delish. i especially love the Quattro formaggio pizza. very flavorful.  small salads are also great. rich and flavorful.  there is a great staff here at large. they are very understanding and friendly. lastly, do not forget to leave room for the many desserts  they serve!! they are still being served thursdays and are  said to be very generous with the desserts they offer. they are small but they are the type of people who just want you to have a good pizza "
716,5,Positive," Yummy pizza but we will trade places ""i will never understand this place unless i am able to try it. i am originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i have missed a good pizza.   so we were craving pizza on this recent visit to neroli's.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.    i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume.  my husband ordered a pizza yesterday to pretend like he was still being healthy.  we arrived at around 5:30 and there was barely a table full of "
717,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i forgot to mention they have the most eclectic pizza scene...wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza is made, but it was obvious it was the mix of the toppings that impressed me most. there was a decent amount of slices for the price tag ($7-9) so if you're local i'd definitely recommend rwb."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the eggplant pizza is my favorite. i mean, i've liked all "
718,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and salad. also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh!"" ""it's really good! we tried a lot of items on our pizza, but this was the best! lots of fresh salads, and great service! lots of pizza for only $4.99! well, at least until they move to their new location!"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. "
719,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and salad. very nutritious, items on the menu that i have tried are wonderful. something i will definitely make sure to bring along! happy to report that our waitress and manager are excellent! very friendly service! quality pizza at an outstanding price! fresh and delicious. ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.    "
720,5,Positive," Yummy pizza. tasty sauce. good service. 20 minutes drive. not that it stopped us, we still ordered a few things on the go.   one of the reviews asked why don't they just serve the pizza in the can instead of piping hot from the pizza stone. my answer is simple: because it's really hot in here.   i also learned that the owner is really nice. i will be back. :)"" ""great pizza, great staff! had pie with cheese, mushrooms, and sweet potato, and it was amazing. can't complain - probably one of my favorite pizza places. service was great. food is fantastic. glad i stumbled upon this place."" ""flour & barley is a small family business that solely "
721,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i am thrilled that they serve wedges instead of whole wheat crusts!  half and half is the new me!  awesome!  cinnamon sugar  is also new mey's favorite!  they share beans and rice with the rest of the family.  their pizza is huge and they really know how to serve it!  i am happy to discover this little gem of a place and i will be back! happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too! right away i felt great!  i knew exactly what i was getting and i felt great from the moment i walked in!  the pizza is amazing!  i don't know why, but i love it!  the staff is super friendly, "
722,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i don't know what else to say other than aw yissss. food is amazing. private room service also and everyone is very nice. highly recommend."" ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. thumbs up!""  "
723,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and salad. i also had the cheese bread appetizer, mushroom flatbread, and lastly, the butterscotch dessert. the middle eastern pizza here is good. the pizza here is about 15 inches across, width of a medium pizza. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got mine here and my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the top and bottom weren't really pieces of pizza, but rather chunks of mozzarella cheese. that's what it was all about. lots of mushrooms. next time i am looking for a good pizza to share with a friend, i will be returning to tryst."" ""trying out a new g "
724,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and salad. very good taste! family has always enjoyed pizza. hence the ny pizza shortage you might see on yelp.  location is not much to look at on yelp, but it's a quick walk to the restaurant."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you "
725,5,Positive," Yummy pizza! i am not a real pizza lover but this site has it all wrong .  they have authentic mozzarella, which is why we have a large family of 4 that includes my then 8 months son, now 21 months old, and i - we love pizza.   they have great burgers as well - my only complaint is that they don't have orange split peppercorns - we've had those countless times we have ordered from this place and they are still on the rocks!   they also have the best wedding soup in montreal.   my grandparents were also married there and were not disappointed - great service, great food.    wish i could have taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks, "
726,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, food is wonderful. i am a new york so i have yet to eat there but i am sure it is good! pizza is not the best pizza ever but it is good! highly recommended."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try! glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent! pizza was on par with bombasticos, usaulillo and reuben. garlic balls were also good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. very friendly staff and great pizza. good "
727,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i really liked the thin crust. the middle or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the garlic bread and wedges that came with the chicken mix was delicious! loved it! and the fact that its family owned and they are super friendly just made it even better. lots of free wifi is a plus."" ""a place that delivers in gilbert? yes, yes, yes!!! i wasn't certain while using the app for delivery whether they picked up or just stopped by.   i'm not really a pizza enthusiast so i've starved many late nights for this reason.   i always check just to see if there have been changes. well, "
728,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, breadsticks, eggs and sauce. good place to get together with people from around town and enjoy some terrific food!"" ""good pizza, good price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and quick. pizza is delicious. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas. price is very good, cheaper than most places."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. they lose a star because i felt nickel and dimed for everything. i ordered my pizza carry out and got "
729,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i related to everyone else i knew ate the whole pizza! did i mention that the owner is super friendly!! marinara sauce is my favorite and they make it like pizza police force italian food on pizza.  so yeah, i know it's weird. but trust me when i say that you will not be turned off by the restaurant's name.  instead, look for the great selection of yummy Italian sandwiches they make!!  along with the great pizza, they also make a great pasta dinner!  my dad always gets his pizza from the family pizzeria, which is why i chose the mild one.  my mom gets theirs from time to time and the other day i asked why they don't offer free wi-fi "
730,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i was very much looking forward to trying their chicken recipe. it was indeed delicious!  fantastic meal, pizza made just like we wanted it. they added pepperoni to half of our bacon & blue with barely a raised eye. very tasty!  margherita - ha! ha! ha! ha! ha! ha! ha! ha! ha! ha! ha! ha! ha!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this town.   the garlic knots that came with the "
731,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and salad. very reasonable. good service. overall great place."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  we are delivery junkies for this place!    every time we come here it is raining.  we always come in for a pizza and it is always raining.  a steady stream of customers walk in to pick up their pizza and they are always nice and courteous.  every time we come in they get a little warmer but otherwise it is always great.  if you just want to pick up a slice or case you will have to pay an extra $2.50 but it is the only thing not paid for and it is the only thing not being served.     "
732,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i cannot complain! the service was wonderful. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. good chicken and good pizza. good place to go!! yummy!!! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan pizza.  it's a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on it. southwest chicken and meat combo are my fave.  if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14 "
733,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, great tradition!"" ""best new york pizza in montreal. place was closed for lunch so we ordered pizza. large family; everyone in the family except for one young lady that needed to get into a private school. my dad had a pizza with cheese and herby had a pizza with basil.  an excellent combination indeed.  we ate an excellent dinner with the husband and his wife and son and left with a good appetite.  had a slice of the pizza that came with the eggs benedict.  my dad said that he loved it.    cheers!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, good wings, good "
734,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, every bite tasty! highly recommend. ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entree meals. the pizza was disappointing, but their homemade (?) ranch dressing is out of this world! it's creamy, thick, and very nicely seasoned to go with their surprisingly fresh salads. their ranch dressing really is superb and the family that runs "
735,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onions, which turned out great. the only thing i didn't like today was how long everything took. it already took us 45 minutes to drive there, another 30+ minutes of waiting to order and 30+ to get out food. our food also came out all separate. we got our pizzas, garlic buns, and a chocolate chip cookie. the mint was not included because i am not a fan of mint. garlic buns were also good because they were whole and not microwaved.  30 minutes after setting foot into the building i received a call from the restaurant to inform me they no longer served garlic buns because they were too hot to eat.  therefore i "
736,5,Positive," Yummy pizza! yuummmmm!! this is my family's pizza.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is super kid friendly while still having amazing grown up pizza.   they have a kids menu, crayons and a little play area in the corner with some toys and a chalkboard wall.  my girls both had the kids salami pizza and my only complaint is that the salami was too spicy - we picked it off and we ate the whole thing happily.  my husband and i both had pizzas and we loved them - he said that he loved the spicy bbq "
737,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i thought it was a pizza that got cold, it was good. the sauce was good and the whole family loved it. i also tried the mushroom pizza, chilis, and my daughter's pizza. the sauce was amazing and the family enjoyed it tremendously. chilis were also quite possibly the best pizza ever made. i don't know if i described it correctly, but it was the best pizza that i have ever eaten. overall, great place to get pizzas. greentree pizza is good and the staff is very friendly. must endorse the pizza----!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as "
738,5,Positive," Yummy pizza! very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe. will be returning!!"" ""sprouts are the perfect backdrop for a good pizza.  the slices are enormous and the aroma of freshly chopped parsley is wonderful.    the service is wonderful.  quick and friendly pickup and delivery of orders.  if you look hard enough you will likely spot a delivery truck.  there were quite a few on the phone today morning asking if they could come over and pick up their pizzas.  my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we have ordered from them before and they are always nice and their pizza is amazing.    i will be back when i am in the area and will be posting frequently!  "
739,5,Positive," Yummy pizza. good sauce. good selection of slices. cheap as nails. paradise!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken "
740,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i think that is all i am gonna say. good food. good price. prompt and courteous service."" best pizza in montreal. this place is always fast. quality food. all around me it is a 10.5 in my experience. location is nice and it is usually packed friday and saturday nights. ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  location is soooo good.  very friendly staff.  great service.  don't forget to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  location is nice and italian-style pizza.  there is more to it, but the basic mix is good.  ambiance is very clean and fresh.  good "
741,5,Positive," Yummy pizza. good sauce. good quality of meat. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""a must"" -icy wings are the best -walmart  is a great place for date night -lavender in here is for men -jeffrey porter is a great guy -lifetime guarantee is a nice touch -ibleys is a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food! - the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  ""easily one of the best pizza places i been to.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the "
742,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i thought it was the best pizza i have ever eaten. very clean place, very friendly staff. good place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to pitt includes a visit to aiello's. and if we know anyone driving east, we request a transfer!  if you are in search of fancy """"gourmet"""" pizza, go elsewhere.  at aiello's, you order "
743,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, good amount of meat! very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. thumbs up!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the "
744,5,Positive," Yummy pizza every time and the ... read more   Christina is a very kind and considerate husband and father. he treats his family very well. christmas dinner was very good and all was good. thank you!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this town.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next "
745,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, salads, and entrees. business was good - pizza was ready on time and on target. lyin' us when we said there was no lycopodium in this pizza. well, there wasn't a lot of lycopodiums in this pizza - we just ordered some.  the garlic bread and wedges that came with the chicken mix was pretty good. some of the garlic bread was bit tough but still has a good flavor. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. was a bit pricey - but sort of worth it if you love meat and want the adventure.  service was very friendly. sort of awkward when we first came in but man, it sure as hell was good when we finished. recommend pouring yourself "
746,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, plus a dessert that featured powdered ice cream on top! in my opinion, this place should be around for a long time. it's nice to have a classier place to sit down and eat with your family."" ""chicago's favorite pizza dynasty returns!  it's not hard to find chicago's favorite pizza, but finding the best is tough.  that's why i'm happy to say that my favorite pizza in town, james, opened up shop right next to me!  delicious, hip, young restaurant.  should be here every night!"" ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a "
747,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more choices  in dipping sauces. best gluten free vegan pizza in the "
748,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i am happy to discover that my college introduced me to their students by offering them a gluten free stack of treats! a vegan, organic, grass-fed, and certified gluten free menu is what led me to try this restaurant for my senior prom.       other than that my friends and i had a great meal and really enjoyed the atmosphere. it was very pleasant to come here on a date. the atmosphere is really nice and it was very busy at all. :cool:  i would definitely come back here! the service was great and the food was fantastic! i would definitely come back!"" ""i would like to try a gluten free pizza, but i don't usually go there much because of the noise "
749,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i can't complain. good prices. great staff! happy customers! yummy pizza! yum!"" ""we decided to stop by on a business trip and, well, we had a blast. we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a cookie for under $50 bucks, several wings for under $40 bucks, a salad for under $20 bucks, and my husband had me when he visited from out of town. well, at least for the short duration of our 2 hour visit. we will be back when we are in the area. well, at least for the next few months."" ""the pizza was good, the salads were pretty good, and the pizza was excellent. i will be back when i "
750,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i need more! very tasty!! marinara sauce is also good! good prices!! a lot of great people!! lots of yummy pizza!! lots of garlic bread and sweet plantains! marinara is everywhere!!! garlic bread is not a traditional plantain, but they both have a sweet, garlicky flavor. the garlic bread is also good!  a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas, which is kind of funny because they bring the pizza to their place!  they do bring us their pizzas, which are really good.  one time we brought back a bad order because we wanted to be extra special treatment to our guests and we were told to leave it be.  we will definitely be "
751,5,Positive," Yummy pizza. nice clean space. a little pricey but you get a pizza with 3 items and your in-game currency is that pizza. well worth it. :)"" ""i am new to game of thrones and play as a guy on the brook park brook park ny mobley road location. playing as a woman on this game is very meny and boring for me. men will always think i am a manly person. nevertheless, i was basing it off of the menu on here on out and it looked really good.        when i first saw this place show up as a hot new business on the yelp frontpage it instantly became my favorite.  it's hard to find a "
752,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. my new local go to spot for pizza !!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the pizza was out of this world! i would order from there again if i lived in cleveland. highly recommend."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic "
753,5,Positive," Yummy pizza!! this is a good place for a coffee shop only. the place is a nice room with a large windows overlooking the valley.   they bring the pizza to your table and they also serve up a great number of yummy desserts. my fav is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 pc of milk. to make this recipe vegetarian you will need to ask. the restaurant staff are very nice, friendly and helpful.   next time i will be going back!!"" ""i would like to try other locations but this is a great one for a quick bite while traveling."" ""great quick bite pizza. you get a slice with $.99 service and it is quite possibly the best pizza i have ever eaten. the staff are "
754,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i can't complain. it was delicious. the family that attended liked it better than the white chapel pizza at the mega-chain. glad we found you guys."" ""i thought you guys were closed until wednesday so we called in our order. the pizza was ready by the time we arrived home and it was a size small. i ordered a large with extra sauce on top and was happy with the order. the pizza was also hot and yummy.   the family that attended liked the pizza better. i also tried a few items they did not offer and they were all good.   i will be back to have more from this awesome location - hopefully tomorrow i will be able to get a slice of the pizza "
755,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i think that's all there is to say about it. all that remains is to wend our way through the menu that is posted daily. my family and i have tried all the courses that we have had and have eaten many mains and desserts from time to time.  when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind.   i want pizza to be healthier, faster, and friendlier for my family.  that means no MSG, trans fat, cheese, egg, soy, wheat, barley, and can't happen unless you are a die hard pizza lover.  if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting with your "
756,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i was a huge fan of the chopped salad. service was great and the atmosphere is fantastic! i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. "
757,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i mean that in everything they do. good sauce, awesome crust and they make it really fast so do be aware of that. the wings on the other hand are good and if you just want to pick up some wings you will have an easier time doing so than saying hello as everyone knows everyone is friendly.   rate my pizza bro.  it's been awhile since my first visit when it was good.   the pizza here is pretty standard shabbos style pizza.  there isn't a lot of seating area indoors so in person it's pretty comfortable.  i would have to say i like the nyc small pizza joint vibe.  people are always friendly, there aren't any drive in's or heavy "
758,5,Positive," Yummy pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. the pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it's the real deal. try the wing pizza or the bbq pizza for something unique."" ""this pizza was very flavorful!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and "
759,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, seriously. i am not a real pizza lover so i have searched the net for the best pizza but i have yet to find a recipe that compares. this is solid territory for pizza. the sauce is not out of place and the staff is very friendly. i will be back; it was worth it."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni "
760,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i thought the crust was amazing. i had a chicken parm hoagie and although it was delicious, i preferred the thick fried style to the microwaved style. the thick fried part was a little greasy but it was still good. i will be back when i am in the area. my husband also had the chicken parm hoagie (my husband had it with spicy mayo) and i had a avocado pizza (he said he loved it). the service was great and the atmosphere is great. it was very pleasant."" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great "
761,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's a great family restaurant. the pizzas and pasta were superb. the garlic bread and wedges that came with the fish tacos and jamon crudo were delicious. we also had the chicken artichoke wedding soup, which was quite possibly the best chicken soup i've ever eaten. the kids loved the pizza. the dad was nice. the place was clean. and they served us wine during the wedding. i appreciated that because it's really nice outside, too."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality "
762,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, hot peppers, egg white, blue cheese, greek yogurt and su! is what keeps my family coming back! highly recommend the pizza and hamburger!"" ""the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregano's unless i know i am getting a hot cookie for dessert. my favorite is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream on top. best to share with a friend is it is rather large."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the "
763,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entree meals. the pizza was disappointing, but their homemade (?) ranch dressing is out of this world! it's creamy, thick, and very nicely seasoned to go with their surprisingly fresh salads. their ranch dressing "
764,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i do admit the ingredients are not unique. i had a chocolate chip cookie and it was not a negative strike to me either.   i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad! the feta in the mediterranean salad is super yummy and i use to work as a ny girl so i know what it's like to work full time while you cry yourself to sleep at night. the only thing not to like is how long everything takes. it already took us 45 minutes to drive there, another 30+ minutes of waiting to order and 30+ to get out food. our food also came out all "
765,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i thought everything was fantastic. we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, a salad, some wings, and the cheese curds. the mozzarella was superb and i think this is a great addition to any pizza. many people said how good the garlic bread was and if you like a good slice of garlic bread, you will not be disappointed. many people also mentioned the service; everyone on this trip mentioned it. i will definitely be back; it was great."" ""i enjoyed every bite of the pizza. they give great feedback on Yelp! :)"" ""awesome place. stumbled upon it on a whim because it's so easy to find. pizza is good, garlic bread is great, "
766,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i did get the green chili gringo hand shake - good stuff! this will be our go to pizza {fast casual} at all life stages!  we had  crisp yet not burned through our order.  i'd like to try it but i live in cleveland so there ain't no filming locations - just me and my husband.  we will explore other items they offer in the future!  great place to get pizzas  yummy  family restaurant . best to share with a friend  you wont be disappointed !"" ""every one needs to go here! it's pretty difficult to find a good pizza in cleveland, but maybe that's why so many people work in the area.  it's also a "
767,5,Positive," Yummy pizza for the office Christmas party! highly recommended!!"" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn't share. highly recommend."" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today "
768,5,Positive," Yummy pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere. staff is very nice. not the friendliest bunch of people, but you can tell their friendly. also they serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers! amazing!!! stay away!!! you won't be disappointed!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan "
769,5,Positive," Yummy pizza; ""the service was great"" (piola blue) ""fantastic pizza and salad! pizza was right on point and the couple that accompanied us also enjoyed the food. very friendly staff! highly recommend."" ""reworked pizza on the yelp app a few months back.  decided to give this place a try after seeing a yelp ad on a food network show.  the pizza was unbelievable!  i would definitely eat here again if i could.  great pizza, great service.  a place that i would hang out with my family often.  give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""reworked pizza on yelp app a few months back "
770,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i actually enjoyed it more than the pizza at all. i think the ratio of the ingredients was good.  i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad! the feta in the mediterranean salad is super yummy, though on the salty side.  i went there again today, after ordering delivery yesterday. i don't plan on going tomorrow, but we will see."" staff is always nice and their pizza is awesome! the wings are good too! and so many other things! great place to get pizza!! this is the place to get the pizza you love to get the pizza you crave!!!"" "
771,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i do wish that i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it being a hint of garlic toast.  sucks!  pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly "
772,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, good sauce, nice and spicy parm hoagie on the crust....we are new york so naturally we have searched for the best pizza place in new york romania.   new york is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  parking is limited so do come prepared.  a big smile if you like big thin pizza.  smallish pizza for my son and daughter.  they really know how to make a good pizza.  the sauce on the crust is so good it is the base for a medley of three courses.   small pizza for $7.99 - club sandwich for $9.99.    will be back when i am out of town."" "
773,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh!! yum!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked "
774,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i thought bacon fat so great! so good i ate the whole thing myself! family said the dough is really stuffy at times but cakes well. maybe because of the long list of ingredients but it was everything i was looking for!  half way through baking my pie the baker came in broke...we'll be back when we are in the area. well played go Cubs, well played go fans, well played!"" ""i got my order to go. my veggie pie was ready when i arrived. the price was very reasonable. the place was clean, had a fresh and trendy appearance, and outside seating if desired.  i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! "
775,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, fries and a jamon crudo pizza. i am completely satisfied. highly recommended!"" ""fantastic meal, pizza made just like we wanted it. they added pepperoni to half of our bacon & blue with barely a raised eye. excellent brunch spot. do yourself a favor and place an order of chicken tenders."" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. the food is fun and tasty. i recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very "
776,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i feel so much better afterwards. i also enjoyed the chicken and meat combo - huge family meal! ""Finally made a visit to your local pizza hut today.  we expected to eat just pizza, but were instead sat on a chair for over an hour.  we had just finished eating and were about to head out when the owner came in.  he fixed us a pizza we'd ordered, and we shared a happy smile with the rest of the group.  my husband and i both had crusts of the pizza we had on us. the crust was flavorful, and i appreciated the fact that they were making it clearer on the menu that it's just a pizza, not a side.        other "
777,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i also had garlic bread, the kind that makes you want to hug the owner and say ""i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the garlic toast we got with the buffalo chicken love fest that followed.""  there was also a large serving of hot dogs that i must have missed because i was too busy eating the pizza to focus on the hot dogs.  my husband and i both had the garlic bread and the whole family loved it.  i think the whole experience was very humbling and enjoyable for everyone.  we will definitely be back."" ""yuummmmm!! we went here to eat after the high roller and got the garlic bread special deal for only $2.99!!!!!! that was awesome!  we "
778,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, but it was all downhill from there.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were pretty interesting.  i like the whole garlic clove, but the vinaigrette is pretty rich flavored so you can just stick with the garlic.    while you're there, you should definitely get the garlic braid appetizer, which came with some garlicky buns on the side.  you must admit, having some buns on the side really helps fuel up before the big night.  after all, what good is a good pizza without a good buns?!    overall, it was a pretty tasty meal "
779,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i think that is what sold me.  there were a few slices of pepperoni that i didn't like but they were large and well seasoned with real pepper.  i also asked for a side of hummus.    cannot wait to go back!    Cheers!"" mom took me here for my birthday. awesome pizza. a little pricey but well worth it. ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my bday. best to share with a friend is for "
780,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i was a little skeptical when i first saw it on yelp but experienced none of the symptoms typical of those of a spice junkie.  only thing not to like is the lack of brisket or chicken.  what they lack in brisket they more than make up for in quality of pizza, which i will admit is rather impressive.  chicken stock is used sparingly on the pizza so don't be turned off by the lack of meat.    the good news is that they are regular breakfast people so don't be turned off by the lack of meat.  they also are very understanding of their food; they realize how limited the options are for those who aren't from the area and they strive to serve those "
781,5,Positive," Yummy pizza! ""super delicious! came in on a work/pleasure trip and was seated right away! very bright and personality of the staff. i definitely will be back- it was very good pizza!  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is supposed to be extra spicy but it was good!  overall, it was very good pizza. tasty and quick service. but a 1 to go pizza place?"" ""the 1 and 2 star reviews on yelp are completely justified.  there are plenty of pizza places in montreal, but this one always gives me well made pizzas.  the 2 and 3 star reviews on yelp are entirely justified.  there are plenty of pizza places in montreal "
782,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i thought it was such a shame that there was no sepulture under this restaurant.  that is for sure if you are a fan of the house.  if you are not a fan then you need to search a little harder.  the wings are good and so is the pizza.  there was a time when i ate here alot and thought it was great.  now that i eat here alot i think its average.  food is good, but not the best i have had in arcadia area.  i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant so when i say that i am average i mean...  there is no denying that.    aroma pizza is a friend's favorite! the wings are good "
783,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i cannot complain - clearly homemade, terrific balance of cheesy fresh and nuttiest type of pizza you can imagine!   the pizza crust is so thick and chewy, you can eat the entire pizza with a spoon! seriously, go try it if you must, but a slice would be well spent!   the wings on the other hand, were wonderfully fried and the chicken was crispy and delicious. :)))))))))))))))))))  my husband and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we came in and ordered pizza and were seated right away. our pizza was very good! ordered chicken wings with fries asada pizza and boy were they good! they have a great selection! pizza is pretty tasty -"
784,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i lost count of the number of times i've asked for a copy of the menu.  it has been awhile since my last visit and i must say i quite like the nyc small pizza joint. their pizza is solid for a bar back home. tasty pepperoni, eggplant and walnuts.  a very small place that i highly recommend."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   i was informed by a good friend that they were playing a lot of live music here. i "
785,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and a generic meat-eaters-only. i was hoping for gyros, meatballs, and perhaps a fried egg !"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.   "
786,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i love it. helpful staff and nice atmosphere. ""first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the"""" pizza and how good it was.  ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion., to which i reportedageened up with a nice thick slice of pizza.  added a fried egg  yummy!   seemed clean but closer inspection revealed a nasty surprise!  half of the crust was missing!  i tried to cut it into smaller pieces but it was very hard to get all the crispy skin off!  i think the staff at this place likes busy work so they aren't typically home-made pizza fans... i'm sure they make good pizza!  my only complaint is that the "
787,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i do wish more restaurants would utilize this great hot bar.  space is very limited as of yet, but we will be back."" ""the food was very good!  great service!  and the fact that it was sunny and over 40 degrees FOOF!  was very nice.   piola is near the striping line, which is why there was some turnover on the servers.  they must have been busy serving beer and wine, because there were a few people in there who were just coming from out of town.  one of the reviews asked if i ordered pizza with pepperoni.  yes, i did!  very good pizza with pepperoni, garlic and sautéed onions.  it "
788,5,Positive," Yummy pizza, bacon/onion/egg pizza and a generic meat lovers. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. my granddaughter's love to go there. they get there own personal pizza which is huge. big jim's was also on """"diners, drive in and dives"""". guy showed the spaghetti being made, he gave the recipe. also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an "
789,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i eat there quite often. love it. fam. i will be back."" ""i call this place home. my only complaint is that they don't seem to be constantly opening and they seem to be closing a lot. i would like to try something new, but they seem frozen fresh whenever i go.   this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere inside is nice and it is like stepping away from the busy area just outside its doors. you would have thought they'd been closed for like 5 years, but they seem to be open btw.  good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  very spacious and very friendly staff. "
790,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i wish i remembered to take a picture so you could see the sauce! it was so yummy! also, short wait time - only took me 45 seconds to order. yum!"" ""the best chicago style pizza in town! being from the east coast, that should say a lot"" we are delivery junkies for this place.  i think the large cheese pizza is amazing and we crave it all the time!  i am a huge metro fan but this place is cheaper and has a lot of heart.  the food is so good we eat sparingly and always come back for more!  i would love to try some of the new york style pizza but i live in the west coast and guess what, "
791,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i did not have time to ask questions, everything was amazing. the garlic bread and wedges that came with the chicken mix was a nice side! very busy inside but good service. ""good prices.  good ny pizza.  fast.  good selection of slices with cool toppings.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are "
792,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i didnt realize they had it anymore but they were great ! will be returning asap!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked "
793,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i love the combination of the tomatoes and the balance of sweet and coffee. it's the type of food you need to fatten up before the great hibernation. if bears could, they would order the duck poutine pizza before they slept for the winter. and after a lunch of this pizza i needed a nap. it's definitely worth a trip to bannock to eat this deliciousness especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a "
794,5,Positive," Yummy pizza! Great service and nice atmosphere. ""When i saw this place show up as a hot new business on the yelp frontpage, i thought it was a bit of a silly name.  but it says on their business card that they are from the moon, so i guess it means business as usual.  we headed over to get a slice of the mint pizza before it became available.  the place was pretty dead even when we walked in, but their pizza is top notch whenever i eat it.  it's fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of the same everywhere.  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to "
795,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i can't complain! customer service was great. 5 stars!! ""great pizza, great salad and we had chicken tenders! great service! we will be back when we are in the area! ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""this is a fun store with a trendy atmosphere.  the pizza is solid and the salads are lovely.  i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though.  that is what this review is for.  if you are a hot cookie fan i recommend the cinnamon bun cookie.  if you are not a huge fan of the cinnamon bun cookie i would still give this "
796,5,Positive," Yummy pizza at a small price. the staff is very nice.  i would like to try their specialties, but that would be wonderful!  i also would like to try their chicken - but that was bland and repetitive.  it's late night and there's been no activity on the menu.  all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good.  a steady diet of pizza and beer should keep you full for a long time.    piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core.  there is plenty of parking and you can bike there if you want."" ""billy's is a great for date night or to bring the whole family. much preferred the older model with the "
797,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and salad. followed by a large pepperoni slice and a 6-inch chocolate chip cookie. my only complaint is that the slice is comparatively large -- it's not the size of a small pizza -- but i would still consider it a slice.  i expect to be coming here frequently to try out the different combinations of pies."" ""great newyork style pizza, crust and dough is really good. lunch with the slice and salad and drink is so bomb for like 4 bucks, maybe the cheapest lunch in town and it good, not just something you eat cause its cheap, you will want to go back again! wings are good and so are the fried mushroom and zucchini sticks."" ""the pizza here is pretty standard, "
798,5,Positive," Yummy pizza. good sauce. tasty. ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've had in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. can't wait to try them.   it "
799,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i thought the chicken was fantastic! when i sat down to eat the next day i discovered that the chicken mix they make is veryt he sauce was amazing!  great place to get pizzas or to just sit back and enjoy the atmosphere.  you can buy pizza by the slice at the stand right next to the restaurant."" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. the food is fun and tasty. i recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very "
800,5,Positive," Yummy pizza and i enjoyed every bite!! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :-) great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order "
801,5,Positive," Yummy pizza! very healthy menu! random order - pizza here. the lady behind the register was very friendly! pizza was very good! 1 person ordered pizza and it was all right!   they have really good thin crust pizza!   they also serve up a great chicken philly!! this is what drew me at first!!! chicken philly is what brought me back tonight!!!   i will definitely be back."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a salad yesterday and received it yesterday. received it today and was told by a friend that they had shipped it to where it was to be enjoyed by my wife and i.  so now that it has been shipped its my turn to enjoy.  "
802,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and salad. very happy with this place."" ""fast forward  every one needs to go here! glad i went! glad i found a pizza place that taste good! glad i found a place that i could try new things! glad i found a place that was not too crowded when i walked in! glad i sat on the patio and did not have to wait for anybody else to pay attention! great place to get pizza! yum!"" ""ordered sushi pizza and extra salmon sushi combo.  overall, great place to get pizza.  good ambiance, good service.  good pizza.  loud and obnoxious service when ordering.  lots of seating area.  counter service.  lots of products to choose  from. "
803,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i have eaten there twice in one week! first time i ate there and i must say i wasn't disappointed. huge family of 4,5,6,7 boys and girls, young adults, young men and women, all loved the pizza. very friendly staff. very good service. very neighborly! highly recommend! ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sits in is what drew my attention.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and "
804,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i thought they failed at  making pizza crust right. new york style pizza is great my friends it's very good and we love the hot cookies we get when we are in the mood to just relax.  next time i am in cleveland i will be coming here even though it is miles away and i will be staying at a friend's house."" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. the food is fun and tasty. i recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not much to look "
805,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and lean chain pizza. i had the pasta and sausage while we shared the mushroom pizza. the parents were very friendly and the restaurant was very clean.   the service was great and the atmosphere is great. we will be back when we are in the area. overall great place to get pizza."" ""great pizza, great price!  the pizza is solid for a coffee shop. good selection of slices and cheap.   the specialty pizzas are great. i recommend the mushroom pizza and the beef heart pizza. the specialty is really good and i like the large woman portion.   i also need to mention how delicious the tiramisu is! very minty, not overly sweet and very good.   "
806,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i got a pizza and an i think they were great. happy to come back!"" ""i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious!  however, the heat in the oven was nice and i really liked the crisp yet chewy crust.  the sauce was not on the thick side.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding.  we live 600 miles away, so i had to make a 90 minute drive to the wedding to get there.  the restaurant and its manager were great!  we planned to meet at the pizza place at around "
807,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza is very good.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" ""this is the best new york style pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  the staff is super friendly  every time i go is with a fresh and friendly smile on their face.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they weren't too loud while delivering my pizza  yummy!  they were very polite delivering my pizza and the guy that took my order was very friendly while explaining some rules of thumb.  there wasn't a lot of rules to memorize, but thats to be expected when you order from them.  if you want to "
808,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a fan! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :) great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order "
809,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i thought they made it super yummy so when my dad told me they made it even better than it appeared on the tin it was a mystery. so awesome. i really enjoyed everything i had, but i will be back to have more (soon i hope)! well done go lucille, well done."" ""my dad brought me here after seeing it on a food network show.  it was not hard to find the place. it's a nice place with a nice decor.  the staff is very nice.  i would definitely recommend this place to my friends.  if you like thin greasy pizza, then a lot of people will think you are crazy to ask for extra virgin olive oil, but i believe that green salad "
810,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza is the best ever!! plz don't change a thing please!! ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. my granddaughter's love to go there. they get there own personal pizza which is huge. big jim's was also on """"diners, drive in and dives"""". guy showed the spaghetti being made, he gave the recipe. also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but "
811,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i know what you are thinking….why in the world would you order from a restaurant that you can't see for miles? well, for one thing, there is no place like it in pittsburgh. for another, they have their share of great pizza. omg their spinach dip is to die for not only is it tasty, but it was a generous portion given the number of customers that came in. we ordered a few things that were unusual: a few slices of tomato, and a small child's pizza. to his credit the child did not complain - he just got another slice when the old dude came in.       other than that great pizza the place was pretty standard - nothing special, but it was "
812,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a salad today and i must say that i wasn't disappointed. the garlicky goodness of pizza sauce set aside for another time was simmered over fine ground chicken with minor adjustments to seasonings. not bad. a favorite of ours is to get pizzas halfway through the night and have them here by 7:30 on a lunch date. they usually ship out the next day and today was no different. pizza was nice and thick and had a good flavor. i definitely recommend this place for its excellent pizza and its fast delivery."" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to pitt includes a visit to aiello's. and if we know anyone driving east, we request a transfer!   "
813,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had conniptions the entire time we were in town. not to mention that the lady working the wine selection was very quick and friendly.  will continue to go back!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too "
814,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza. very good pizza. nice atmosphere. good service. good price.  always good food here. service is always good and quick.  fantastic pizza and salad. to die for. went here on a work/pleasure trip and was not disappointed. place was very busy at the time we were there but everyone was very friendly. will be coming back to go on business."" ""good thin crust pizza. we had the macchiato and the leftovers were amazing. the macchiato we had was a little rich for our first time but sure worked well.  the service was very friendly. manager came in and asked us what kind of large soda we would like and gave us a hint as to "
815,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a pasta dinner and a small children's meal and they were not a problem. the service was very friendly and prompt. also they were very clear on the menu that they serve a variety of small plates that were great!  greatly appreciated!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular "
816,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza, nice and spicy chicken and beef, amazing!  definitely will come back! :)"" ""piola is a favorite of ours. i especially love the chicken parm hoagie. many pizza shops in the 10 years we've lived here have this on their menu. if you just want to pick up a pizza, you will have to wait for the delivery to your location. but if you want to get a pizza right away, you will have to go to the pizza place that i listed as a nearby one that i have not tried. in the mean time, you can get a hot cookie while you wait for the pizza to be ready."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service "
817,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza but good ! loved the fried style but will be back for sure!  very friendly staff member and nice place."" ""fantastic pizza and window seating! on this particular evening before the show we decided to look up some seats near us.  unfortunately we could not find any under 3250.  luckily for us we have a george grube who taught us how to google maps.  fantastic.  3250 waldron a pizza, hot peppers, jalapeno and aubergine...mmmm.  location not important but fun fact - we were able to get a table under 3250 because someone flagged us down on google!  a nice touch - george also pointed us in the right direction to get some free "
818,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i was a little skeptical when my dad told us they no longer serve pizza here but wow were we wrong! pizza is absolutely delicious any time i have it on my pizza list it is on point! glad we found you guys! happy to say they opened a beall's drive in ny right next door as well! very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, a cool looking grape, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at "
819,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza especially good for smaller groups."" ""fast forward  during a trip to houston we stopped in here for a slide and a soda. the staff was very friendly. they explained a few popular hot dogs, and ordered a few kickers. i ordered my gluten free hot dog, and my daughter had a few glasses of wine. the manager was very understanding, and the food arrived hot and quickly.   we will be back when we are in the area. happy to say they opened a pizza place right next to the ship's moored nearby."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality "
820,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a saturday after my saturday dinner with my 2 young daughters.  we were starving and :("" my wife had a mango mohito, and said it was awesome.  we will definitely be back."" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great crust, and no """"american"""" tomato sauce, but rather a good fresh, ground, uncooked tomato sauce that gets cooked in the oven. the pepperoni is not like you get in the us. it is sausage resembling more of a home made pepperoni with strong pork flavor. the mozzarella cheese is "
821,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza no problem. always positive and quick service. good selection of slices and crusts. homemade, no fill up, just good quality pizza. ""good price with the coupon. half and half pizza and beer are good. service is good. manager is friendly. will recommend!"" ""good size pizza. had pie with cheese, mushrooms, and sweet potato. good health food. good selection of toppings. good price. quick service."" ""ordered pizza and tempeh dip. it was my second time coming here. i was somewhat reticent to go after reading the reviews but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews. the pizza here is amazing! i am not a professional but i am an absolute fan! in the video "
822,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza is pretty good.  i would like to try some chicken.  delivery dude was very friendly.  overall, great place to get pizzas.    if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a cool deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza.  the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.  my husband and i both had pizza that was satisfactory.  the only negative comment we received was that the mozzarella cheese used was very thin and very hard.  i did not try much of "
823,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a true fan! this is the place to go if you want to up your game when it comes to authentic chicago style pizza! this is a great local go to spot for pizza!!   piola is a great place for date night or to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!! this is a great place for date night or to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!! 5 stars!!!!!! ""good food in a great location inside the linq promenade. stumbled upon this place after walking all evening and was pleasantly surprised. great pizzas, amazing service. what more can you ask for?"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so "
824,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a teacher at heart so i cannot wait to come back!! this is the place to go if you like traditional but want the kid friendly vibe. they also serve up a great array of homemade sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper! being able to play video games while you wait for your order is what makes this place so unique. each table against the wall has at least one system hooked up varying from nes to the wii u and ps3! overall great place. 4 stars instead of 5 because of location size. it could be so much more if moved to a larger location. but, start small and grow super pizza bros."" ""excellent food! great staff! all around "
825,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza!  area code is 706-456-8000.   i love everything i've ordered so far! on parathion pizza i have to say i like the better part!  there's a large family of them that must have enjoyed the ride!  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely.  i expect this to be a common complaint with all pizza-loving families.  although the mozzarella is very good, the chunks are large and very tasty!    front row: 2 ordered pizzas, 1 shared between the three of us and the other guy had cheese of course!  for just me and my husband the visit was great!  very "
826,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and awesome Salad. service was awesome."" ""i would give this spot 5 stars if i could. this is a great slice of town.  it's a great pizza and it's hot.  i am not a pizza lover but this is a winner choice.  good sauce, awesome crust and the bill of fare was very reasonable.  the staff was great.  a couple of customers asked if they could take a picture of the receipt so i did.  it said the food came out all right but they were taking pictures of the pizza so they didn't share.  my husband ordered a pasta and cheese pizza and i ordered a salad.  they bring you a free meal with any pizza you order.  i was taking pictures "
827,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i'm a convert. omg their pepperoni pizza is to die for literally. i mean, it's the size of a medium pizza and it just melts in your mouth.  no one in their right mind would call this pizza pizza hard to make.  it just takes awhile to prepare, and then you have the chance to try their many different combinations.  my favorite is the roasted chicken and crispy chicken breast.  they also serve a lot of sweet desserts.  i'm not crazy about this style of pepperoni, but it works for me.  the crispy chicken breast is what sold me.  the rest of the menu looks awesome, but i don't know how many people here actually eat fried chicken.  maybe it "
828,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a fan! this is a pizza i will be back to! ""good service, good pizza. what more can you ask for?"" ""received my package in 45 minutes! my Santa got my package quickly and my pizza was hot and fresh. highly recommend!"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good...we really mean it.   i live in the neighbourhood and have tried many pizza places in the valley.  as a vegetarian i have to say i like the vegas style pizza.  the ratio of the ingredients is good.  i "
829,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and  complimentary  beer for $5. people love to come here. highly recommend. ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked good "
830,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a new york so...i cannot say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already! eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmm and do not forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the diavola pizza with spicy salami is equally delicious. the crust here is right up there with terroni and the prices are about the same if not a bit lower.  "
831,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a killer pizza experience. great food and the feeling of knowing you are there eases the hunger pangs.   as much pizza as i eat i ought to be considered an expert and if i wasn't leaving town tomorrow i'd be visiting these guys again. great food and tops! excellent service and ambiance. what more could you possibly want."" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food and the feeling of accomplishment is very good. good thing i don't have large families because then my husband and i would have "
832,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a delicious slice of camelback yesterday. very friendly staff great atmosphere great service! lovely little place off the beaten path but walks a nicely dressed woman who also happens to be the owner. my only complaint is that the condiments are not in a refreshing manner. i get the occasional slice of tomato but that is besides the point.   will continue to go back and recommend to everyone! my only complaint is that the pizza is not that good...  we will continue to come back and recommend to everyone!  above all else, rich and flavorful pizza is what this place is all about. good food in a good place that values quality over quantity. what they lack in quantity they more than make up for in "
833,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza. good pizza and good wings. good neighborhood spot to check n stuff. got the new york, met the wife, played with the 3 year old, and left feeling very good about myself and our business. well, at least until they move to their new location."" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post on yelp.  it's not that i was surprised, it was a very fast growing pizza place.  highly recommend.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  lots of seating area indoors and outdoor.  lots of products to choose  from.  ambiance is cozy and modern.  menu.  service was great.  "
834,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza : yummy!! this is my daughter's favorite restaurant. she goes there quite often and is a big fan of the pizza. most people walk in to pick up their pizzas, but i always get here first thing after dinner. very friendly staff. very good pizza. thank you for looking!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and par "
835,5,Positive, Very fast service pizza delivery.  we just ordered a few things but were seated in 45 seconds.  food is amazing.    the owners were very friendly with us taking great care of us making sure we were taken care of throughout our meal.  they also were great about their pizza and showed great interest in what we were ordering.  my husband and i had a slice of their white chapel pizza and it was one of my favorites.  the pizza is amazing and i am totally satisfied with it.  the wings are good and crispy and my only complaint is that they dont look like they are being served cold.  i understand but i eat there quite often and its standard practice to be tipped when in dining area.  my husband and i are 
836,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i thought they were pretty good. pizza is nice and thick. halal. nice place."" ""nice place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. had lunch with the wife and son and they were very good pizza and wings. very friendly staff. will be back when i am in the area! ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy and not burnt. i would definitely eat here again if i were in the mood to go all pizza. i will definitely be back, but not tonight."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about "
837,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a salad yesterday, something i do appreciate! very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. thumbs up!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. "
838,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and salad.  nice atmosphere and great service.  of the delivery pizza places, i like pizza hut the most. their on line ordering feature is extremely intuitive, allowing you to visually customize your exact order.   this particular location just so happens to be the one assigned to deliver to my location. in the short time i've lived here, i've always had pleasant experiences with the delivery people. they always seem to be happy, and are decently engaged. also, they always seem to arrive early or on-time...which is kind of important.  all in all, the via linda pizza hut is a reliable choice for a decent pizza in my opinion.  if you're looking for a tasty break from "
839,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a friendly staff member assist us in selecting the perfect topping. very tasty!  had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, a salad, some butter, and the blue cheese pizza. very good!  bottom line - great pizza, great price!   every one needs to go here!  every one needs to go here!  it's a great source of calcium!  feed the chickens!!!  feed the chickens!!!  extreme good pizza!!  africa pizza (real deal)  africa pizza (ieronimo pizza)  africa pizza (ieronimo)  africa pizza (ieronimo)  af "
840,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i don't want to offend anyone by sharing.  a pint of wine is a small glass of wine.  i would appreciate it if you could take a moment to introduce yourself to the other patrons."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time "
841,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i will definitely be back. happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door as well! great pizza and beer selection, what more can you ask for?"" ""the pizza taste really good. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregano's unless i know i am getting a hot cookie for dessert. my favorite is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream on top. best to share with a friend is it is rather large."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance! the ambiance "
842,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i have been coming here for almost 10 years. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. the food is fun and tasty. i recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" this probably one of the best pizza i ever eaten. we order a large pepperoni and salami . it was so good. when im in town  again i will "
843,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and sauce is to die for and the staff is very friendly they also like to play lots of card games very much fo5! mostly strategy games but also britney high rollers, cats, and mash. half the time i'm playing night watch while the other half is for my personal use. i like the card games but the stockings game is more of a family affair so they get the occasional visit from the elder part of the family. half the time i'm playing at night and the other half is before dawn or on a nice day with the weather cooper. i'd have to say i like the large family restaurant chain that owns this place very much."" ""we came here before a big night out with friends. found a "
844,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had the same thing and it was not too busy. the place was clean but otherwise very friendly. i will be back when i am in the area. happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too so i can shop and eat. well at least until they move to their new location."" the pizza taste just like pizza in  new york .  it has a thin crust  and they cook it in the brick oven. the sauce is so full of flavor.  it is hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of new york but this is the best i have had so far.. im craving it right know. i usually get the pepperoni or add hot peppers to it.. ""duck "
845,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza too. not that it stopped them from offering it, but it stopped them short. we will be back when we are in the area. happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too!"" ""the pizza taste just like pizza in  new york .  it has a thin crust  and they cook it in the brick oven. the sauce is so full of flavor.  it is hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of new york but this is the best i have had so far.. im craving it right know. i usually get the pepperoni or add hot peppers to it..  i think the business is great. customers come in and out, they are very nice. very friendly. very good "
846,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza .. delivery within 24 hours. pizza is amazing .. crispy crust and he likes it spicy.  i think the mint oil in his pizza is also awesome. i added a fried egg  to it because i feel it gives it a bit of extra crunch.  he also added crushed up tomatoes .... yum!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza.  the garlic bread and tomato sauce that came with the chicken mix was very good.  there was plenty of garlic bread and the tomato sauce was not overwhelming.  the garlic bread was not overly sweet or overly spicy.  the only thing i "
847,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a happy camper! do yourself a favor and place an order tonight!"" ""i feel so blessed. i ordered a pasta and it was incredible. the pizza was to die for and the service was fantastic. i had a friendly server with me and she was very prompt and courteous. also, the price point was very good. i was pleasantly surprised at how few glasses of wine there are.  the place is very clean and very friendly. be sure to take a moment to view the menu that is included with your purchase.  you will be delighted with the selection of items that are available.  my favorite was the italian beef sandwich. fresh mozzarella and parmesan are great.  there was "
848,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i was very pleased. very friendly staff. very good pizza and very neighborly service. locally owned and operated. very neighborly."" ""we ate there friday night and must say we were quite impressed. pizza was very good! very friendly staff! very good pizza! very good selection! very good price! very good service! excellent service! great food!"" ""we ate there lunch today and the place was pretty dead when we walked in. thought it was pretty empty when we left, so we were expecting it to be relatively quick. upon entering the place was very busy and very pleasant. the staff was very friendly. i will be back to have more from this tasty establishment. :)"" ""i have no idea of "
849,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a pizza and a salad for under $50 bucks and it was all rwb so whoops."" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken pizza the next. the """"grilled"""" pizza has an awesome charred taste.  wish i could have tried the apple fritters but i walked up to the counter at 11:01 and they had stopped serving breakfast. they should really serve those all day long."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and 3 1/2 year olds (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here "
850,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i got a pizza and a half eaten flapjacks. very good pizza and the owners were very friendly. would definitely come back!"" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. my granddaughter's love to go there. they get there own personal pizza which is huge. big jim's was also on """"diners, drive in and dives"""". guy showed the spaghetti being made, he gave the recipe. also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's not that i'm 9 "
851,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza especially good ! home delivery and pick up."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there isn't a bad place to get pizza.  the only bad is the location is horrible it's very walk in, very unassuming looking.  pick up is fast and friendly.  will definitely be ordering from here time and time again.  my home state of va has no shortage of amazing pizza !!"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there isn't a bad place to get pizza.  the only bad is the location is horrible it's "
852,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i will gladly recommend them. friendly staff and good prices. ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, especially if you just arrived from out of town. the place felt very welcoming, and the fact that they were so friendly compared to the thousands of people who have tried to get in on this little gem of a place should tell you everything you need to know about this small place. the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of six of the pizzas i had.   for my money, this is the best pizza i have ever eaten. the thought of riding my scooter "
853,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had such a good experience! on this visit i asked for a giant slice with extra meaty sauce on top! in my previous reviews i already noted that the pizza is excellent! awesome crust, awesome cheese, and an amazing sauce. also worthy of noting that they are consistent... it's always awesome!  i know it's weird. lol i thought of asking for extra sauce on top because there is a place in brooklyn i used to go to all the time called l & b spumoni gardens. i know extra sauce is a boring for a pizza topping but let me tell you it was delicious!!!!!! mmmmm!! mmmm!! even this photo makes my mouth water!"" by far my favorite pizza in town "
854,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had my fill. another visit will be a vegas!!!!"" ""the best chicago style pizza in town! being from the east coast, that should say a lot"" we are delivery junkies for this place.  i think the large cheese pizza is amazing and we crave it all the time!  i am a huge metro fan but this place is cheaper and has a lot of heart.  the food is so hot when it gets here i always burn my mouth.  all the other food i have tried is good but the pizza is the real star.  a rare gem in this city!! it's a great neighbor place. the pizza is great. the salads are airways fresh and the chicken fingers are "
855,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and salad. highly recommend. ""good prices.  good ny pizza.  good selection of slices.  fast.  good price.  good quality pizza.  fast delivery.  good selection of slices.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always "
856,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and salad. nice place. good price. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing a large with 3 other people or saving it for leftovers. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me "
857,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had the happiest meal of my life.  wonderful atmosphere and customer service. what more can you ask for?"" ""fantastic pizza and wood oven.  my friends and i were here for the first time, and we thought it was a pizza place so we all ordered pizza. it wasn't until we were waiting for the food to come, that we looked around and realised every other table around us only had wood ovens.  which is kind of strange, because it's new york so there's a decent amount of people here.  we did notice that the menu said their pizza is homemade.  i know a good pizza is hard to make happen, but i'd rather have a homemade pepperoni and parmes "
858,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i don't want to say too many things positive as i know it's very bad taste but boy were the flavors there. we had pizza and salad and ate right away. service was very fast and friendly. overall i give them a thumbs up."" ""piola is similar to madison in that it is the base of the pizza. pizza is made fresh and the ingredients are excellent. i would have to agree on the comments below on the hot dogs being quite good. they are not a new arrival to the familly but they have definitely made a mark on the area. they also serve a good chicken noodle soup. a last thing i noticed was that several people came in to pick up their pizzas and the owner gave them "
859,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had the same thing ordered. good pizza and good wings. nice place. thanks to eric for superb service."" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at st. catherine.  based on other yelp reviews i was afraid to order from their restaurant.  however, they were so good  that is what we ordered.  the food and service was great.  the price was great for what we received.  we will be back when we are in the area.    this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere inside is nice and it is like stepping away from the busy area just outside its doors.  it was clean and comfortable and very relaxing.  the service was great "
860,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i will never go there again. happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too so i can shop and eat here whenever i am in the area. well over 100 years old already! thank you so much!"" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. tasty, cheap snacks (arancini). beautiful space - the decor is phenomenal for a counter-service place. much higher-end all around (quality of food, quality of ambience) than you'd expect for the counter-service. much higher-end quality of "
861,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza, fresh and tasty.  would really recommend this place to anyone!"" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was on the crust. another reviewer raved about the taste of the mozzarella cheese. so, naturally, i tried it. let me say upon arrival of our food i was shocked by how delicious the mozzarella was!  the staff was very friendly; very organized; and very good at their jobs.  therefore, i was expecting to be greasy and not greeted with friendly "
862,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza, awesome light and tasty pizza. very neighborly! highly recommend. ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great salad and great service. highly recommend the eggplant pizza. the dough is made fresh! the salad pizza looks good, although i haven't tried it."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the a "
863,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had the same result, simple. i ordered pizza and it arrived exactly at 4:30 on a saturday, four days later. i had it exactly as described, excellent. not only is the pizza delicious, it was ready by the time i got there and it was a steal at $7.50! mouth watering. you get to try the various combinations of pizza, i honestly cannot describe it. you get the basic pizza (smoked garlic chicken and egg) plus many more great items. walnuts in a fire roasted pizza, beans in a popcorn pizza, off the hookabi pizza and many more. it is hard to find good pizza, but this is the best i have had in the valley. fresh, tasty and "
864,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had the same thing ordered. food was good. followed by a water cup - very good!   next time i'll be leaving town! :)"" ""i am a pizza snob and a huge fan of the city's finest.  however,  they have become increasingly expensive to come by and i have to make do without them quite often.  that being said,  this is a great pizza!  great sauce, great crust and the wrap is perfectly balanced between sweet and coffee flavouring.  the ambiance of the place is really nice.  the staff are very nice.  i would definitely come back!  yummy, fast, friendly service."" ""i would like to give danny boys "
865,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and salad. very good pickles and jalapeno peppers. very clean place. very friendly staff."" ""fast forward  every step of the way fast forward  never order from here! order from ken's, ny. they carry most brands of canned drinks, pasta dishes, and many others. chicken fingers are great too! very good pizza and salad. not a lot of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like.  you have to ask for a lemon twist, but it was worth it.  we will definitely order from here time and time again! thank you!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than "
866,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a first-timer.  pizza is amazing!  hot and fresh!  people are very friendly!  would definitely come back!"" i absolutely love this place! fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza! highly recommend! ""ordered pizza and pasta dishes.  the pizza was solid, the pasta was great, and the delivery was fine.  i also ordered a salad yesterday to go (vegan) and it was great.  the service was good, and the atmosphere is great.  the place is small, so you can eat there whenever you like.  I would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""great local pizza place.  small place with a lot of followers "
867,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and salad. good service. good price. quick delivery."" ""ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. (vegan) to go. delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and delivery were hot on arrival and the pizza was done in house. i was even told by the driver to bring my own water bottle because there was a decent amount of people in the car! very friendly staff! please come to la!!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are also tasty. it was the breakfast of champions!   ; "
868,5,Positive," d"" they have such good pizza. omg their cheesecake is to die for literally. "
869,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a delicious complete meal the next day! excellent pizza and salad, very reasonable prices! highly recommend."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty.  quebecois beware. there aren't handfuls of toppings, the quebecois couple we invited with us once were shocked to have been deprived their usual bucket of toppings that dilutes the taste of a well done wood oven cooked pizza.  "
870,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a pizza ready when i walked in. delivery was right there and it was ready by the time i got there.  i also tried the big apple pizza (6 inch pizza) and it was very good.  overall, great place to get pizzas. service was great and the atmosphere is great. great service staff and good prices."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.  "
871,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and salad. highly recommend if you like thin greasy pizza. also good is the chicken godfather! ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entree meals. the pizza was disappointing, but their homemade (?) ranch dressing is out of this world! it's creamy, thick, and very nicely seasoned to go with their surprisingly fresh "
872,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza was good.  had they brought me a yummy dessert i would have been very happy.  please, go ahead and make your reservation. you won't be sorry."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing. the chicken wings with fries as delicious (i'd take a giant bowl of the fries alone because they were addictive), garlic buns (eas "
873,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had the same thing ordered. 2 medium speciality pizza's and a generic meat lovers.  delivery was right there and friendly.  i was expecting a little more for the price tag, but it was all good.  i will be back when i am in the area.  my husband said that they were extremely nice in their Facebook review, so i must have looked that up on line!  my husband and i will be returning to have pizza again.    this place has a lot going for it.  the staff is very nice, polite, and friendly.  i would definitely come back!    this place has really good pizza.  the wings are good and the pizza is great.  "
874,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i was more than happy to order from them.  the whole family loved the pizza and will be back!"" ""i absolutely love this place! my local favorite! super friendly employees, great pizza and the best beer selection of any kind i've ever had! well, at least until it closes."" ""close to home"" if that's what you prefer. excellent pizza and margherita salad. ""this is the best pizza i've ever eaten !!!!  very busy lunch and dinner times, so if you want to eat alone you have to arrive early or on a date.  we always order pizza on Sunday nights and are not disappointed.    the middle eastern pizza we ordered was very good!  pizz "
875,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and  they deliver quickly.  their  pizza is really good.  they also are really nice.  will definitely order from them time to time.  forever grateful to have found lil raccoons.  they deliver fast, friendly, and nice people.  i definitely will come back!"" ""i would like to say i was a huge fan of this restaurant.  we have been here multiple times.  we have been here on a friends recommendation and have no complaints.  the pizza is solid.  the salads are great.  and the chicken fingers are great!  great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that "
876,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i think that is saying a lot"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. can't wait to try them.  "
877,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a convert! first time eating there i ordered a pepporoni slice, and thats where it all started. there were no warnings, no weird look at, just a friendly smile.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entrees. the pizza was very good. i ordered a few items to share as well as one for the guy at the register. they bring the pizza to your table and they dont want you to wait. you have to pay when you eat there. other than that it was great."" ""i have no idea of the history of the place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the "
878,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a pizza and a spanner bar waiting for me at the same time.    the staff is very nice and friendly.  i would definitely come back!"" girlfriend took me here for my birthday. awesome pizza. a little pricey but well worth it. ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy up front and good pizza service. well balanced pizza and doesn't mush up the middle. much easier to eat alone than as a couple. also many glasses of wine. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't complain!  the pizza was fantastic!  i had a couple of deep dish pizz "
879,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had the same thing - my husband had a couple of pizzas and they were excellent. very few orders for my husband and I. very good pizza but it's the kind of food you need to fatten up before the great hibernation. :)"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as some on yelp indicated, but rather had a unique flavor. i crave it all the time. the specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. my friends had a mango mohito, and said that they were awesome "
880,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. my granddaughter's love to go there. they get there own personal pizza which is huge. big jim's was also on """"diners, drive in and dives"""". guy showed the spaghetti being made, he gave the recipe. also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! "
881,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza that is delivered in 45minutues.  i would definitely order from here time and time again! the pizza was perfectly baked and hot and friends said their pizza tasted just like pizza in  new york .   this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. the food is fun and tasty. i recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" this probably one of the best pizza i ever "
882,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i got a pizza and a he was great he was very good very quick very friendly service very good."" ""fast forward  everyone i know has seen this place at some point in their lives.  it's hard to find a decent martini in cleveland, but i have to say they know how to shake an excellent one here.  the only reason i would not give this place 5 stars is because it's so close to cleveland.  i would have to say they are open year round, but they haven't opened till right before a winter here.  they also haven't been open super late, but it's always been good here.  my only complaint is that the glass of wine is small. i "
883,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a fan! this is a great choice if you love small pizzas and want the peace of mind of knowing you are eating fresh. "" service was great - pizza was ready by the time i got there and it was a great location! great service and good pizza! "" "" this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  tiny little place  that gets the job done.  great sauce, great pizza and the half and half of sweet and sourdough.  a unique combination that worked wonders!  a beautiful woman stopped by and took my order of pizza and  gave me a tour of the restaurant.  very friendly tour - wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being made "
884,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i really liked the blackened chicken and the cheesy garlic bread. there was a decent amount of customers. not the bomb...but they were there. also, the staff was very friendly. highly recommend."" ""i would like to recommend this restaurant to my friends. it's easy to find kicker's in cleveland but you have to go a long way to find it. so when my husband and i heard about this place we thought it was a bit of a joke.  but it confirmed our suspicions.    a long time ago i needed to go to a hospital emergency room when i was younger so i have always had a keen interest in food.  when my husband and i heard about kicker's they said "
885,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i have eaten there twice in one week! first time i ate there i ordered a salad before saying how much i liked the pizza. they give a good amount of salad! so on that note i was hoping for more toppings, but they give a good amount of pizza.  the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregano's unless i know i am getting a hot cookie for dessert. my favorite is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream on top. best to share with a friend is it is rather large."" ""one of the best pizza "
886,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i will tell ya, it was an absolute delight! wonderful sauce, great texture and the best part, the whole family loved it! sweet and sourdough...we were spoiled! 4 kids and 2 girls, age 6 and 7, all raved about it. glad we found you guys!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. "
887,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a convert! love the large cheese pizza! large family restaurant that treats its staff very well. service is quick and friendly. pizza is delicious. staff is fantastic. everyone is very local and enjoys their pizza. 4 stars all the way!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular "
888,5,Positive, Very fast service pizza and i had the same thing ordered - chicken parm hoagie.  it came with a really spicy mayo and the chilli-olive oil.  i also asked for a side of ketchup and green chili sauce.  this was also really good!  the chilli-olive oil is very good and the family that runs this place seem very nice.  will definitely be back  if i'm in the area.    this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere is nice and it is like stepping away from the busy area just outside its doors.  it was clean and comfortable and very fast.  the service was great and the food great.  i had a pizza and a 
889,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i'm coming soon!"" ""i got my order to go. my veggie pie was ready when i arrived. the price was very reasonable. the place was clean, had a fresh and trendy appearance, and outside seating if desired.  i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that the hummus is just mainly piled on top in the middle instead of spread uniformly over the pizza as a base. so basically you eat the pizza with veggies on it, and then take a spoon to the center to get the hummus. all of the ingredients tasted good despite the awkward assembly.   service was "
890,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a pizza and a salad for under $50 bucks and it was all i was having and i was hungry so was not too annoyed at all. very good pizza and very happy with the choice of toppings."" ""ordered sushi pizza and extra salmon sushi combo.  it was very good and had a nice flavor.    the service was very friendly.  they took my order and it was ready by the time i got there.  not overly loud and very friendly.  very good service.  Salmon was very good and the sweet rice was very good.  a very good quick and efficient service."" ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas. "
891,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a fit.  taken out alot of food but it was all good.  i had a speciality pizza that featured roasted chicken and it was great.  take out hungry tonight and tomorrow i'll be back."" ""fantastic pizza and unique sauce.  home made mozzarella cheese and an amazing fresh mozzarella.  very friendly staff!  will be ordering from there again.  place was so good i ate my pizza standing up.  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""solid pizza.  home made mozzarella cheese and parmesan.  it was all so delicious!  i would really recommend this place to everyone!  place was so "
892,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i can't complain. happy to eat there anytime piola bros."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. my granddaughter's love to go there. they get there own personal pizza which is huge. big jim's was also on """"diners, drive in and dives"""". guy showed the spaghetti being made, he gave the recipe. also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here "
893,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza especially good! what a wonderful find! delicious and the best chicken i have ever eaten! lots of great options for the pizza by the way! chicken parmesan is also great! very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured "
894,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a fan! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :) great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order "
895,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza savagely cuts, leaves very much like pizza in in ny  i am rating this based on how quickly it was all sorted out and the quality of the food. i also want to note that although the menu says it's New York style pizza, it actually nice chilled...maybe a little warm in here? i have never had a pizza here without first showing them how to fold their pizza.   a steady flow of customers would walk in to pick up their pizza and they always had it their way.   i reluctantly moved to a new location so i can give you guys a honest and unfiltered review.  my first time here with my husband we ordered a few things up top and he had the pizza and "
896,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i had a mango mohito with that. the service was great. ordered pizza and same old... same old! in the morning when i walked in a few minutes before 6:30 there was no one there but the owner and his wife were doing their thing. very friendly! glad we decided to walk in today though."" ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer "
897,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and salad. very friendly staff. good prices. good food. ""good prices.  good service.  fast.  good selection of slices with cool toppings.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take "
898,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i lived everything about our experience. great pizza, great service. what more could you possibly want."" ""fantastic pizza and wings. can't wait to go back!!"" ""my family and i were so excited to be visiting from out of town!  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the place was filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, crayons and a little play area in the corner with some toys and a chalkboard wall.  my girls both had the kids salami pizza and my only complaint would be that "
899,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza when its hot and fresh and super tasty. any salad you place an order on is fully prepared by the woman behind the register, which is why there are so many salad bars and why so many women work in restaurants. men working really nice... i will be back."" ""i worked as a waitress in a sushi restaurant for a friend's family for a summer vacation.  it was very busy at all, including the hours we were having a family dinner.  the restaurant was very clean and comfortable, and very relaxing.  the service was great and our waitress was excellent.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that the pizza we ordered was late for lunch and forgot to mention they had wi-fi. "
900,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i think that is saying a lot"" ""i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint. peoria style pizza is pretty darn good! this place has a lot going for it. 1. they serve hot and iced coffee; 2. they serve lunch - my wife and i were in town for a work/pleasure trip and  ate there brooding over whether or not to return as i was fairly certain that everyone at work ate there too! ; 3. they serve ice cold iced tea - my wife only drinks it occasionally but it was the only thing not generously given.  4. they serve pizza in small 1 medium pizza - my wife "
901,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a fan!! this place is a regular for my wife and i. good small pizza place, good selection of slices and cheap. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near our home. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green "
902,5,Positive," Very fast service pizza and i am a native gringo.  pizza is solid and the staff is very nice.  i am reccomended to stop by and try their pizza.  my family did and loved the pizza.    check out their awesome ginger beer slice.  it's awesome.   if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you.  they have a nice selection of pizza types, hand cut, handmade, crispy crust and they are super tasty.    the staff is super friendly, really nice and the place is very clean.  there was never a smell of cigarette smoke, but there was a strong smell of alcohol.  i would definitely come back! "
903,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's simple and delicious.  overall, great place to get pizzas or pasta. i would definitely come back!"" ""i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious and it was ready in less than 5 minutes.  i am a fan of this place and will be back.  the place is cool and happy.  great place to get pizzas.  the staff is super friendly.  i would definitely come back!  the place is cool and happy."" ""cool place.  what's not to like about this place.  busy area, needledocky pizza place.  flow table perfect for chatty drinks with the girls.  "
904,5,Positive," Pizza sauce and i was instantly reminded of my childhood, where we would get pizza from mom and pop's, and dad would always beat the crap out of us. so when my big brother told me about this place, i was intrigued.   my big bro and i had a pizza at lunch with sausage, mushroom, and eggplant.  it was huge, and kind of crispy.  i also wanted to try out the pizza that evening, so i walked up to the counter and ordered.  the pizza was ready, and hot.    the next morning, when i went to breakfast, my first thing was to ask for the salad course.  there was no question on my mind - this was a delicious and generous portion "
905,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my absolute favorite.  although it's pricey, it's the only good thing about this place.  the happy hour is over.    this is the type of restaurant that is typically found downtown pittsburgh. classic bar, awesome pizza and a large selection of fine scodellina dishes. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to business today and i can't complain - clearly the friendly service and excellent food was a plus for our fast approaching wedding. highly recommended!!"" ""business today sent out an email with a link to my page so i went there.  it stated that they were closed last night so i figured it out.  they don't have a lot of tables because "
906,5,Positive," Pizza sauce on top of all that deliciousness.  the rich flavors of the pizza crust and the mozzarella cheese...mmmm.  i would absolutely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, "
907,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is a perfect compliment!  my only complaint is that the  interior decor is a little warm in here. i.e. wood burning fireplace, bar stools, ping pong tables, cake trim, chocolate chip cookies, tvs...mmm!  i would have to say i like grulla.  dislikes the term limoncello.  it means little brother/sister in cattivo in florida.  i think it is just good ol boys playing tag with their phones at night.  plate is large enough for one person to share and is always ready  when needed.  service is quick and friendly.  waiver not required.  waiver validates address on card and is valid for one year. "
908,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is just a tomato paste, which i love! the mozzarella cheese is just okay it doesn't really hold a candle to the quality of the mozzarella. the only thing i won't give is the wait staff; they are always nice and their is always coffee on tap.   will definitely be back; its hard to find good pizza!!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza "
909,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is amazing and the family that runs this place seem very nice.  however, the customers seem to be extremely nice and friendly.  in my past reviews I have mentioned that they are very busy so i was curious if there were no problems with waiting in.  no complaints!  quick walk in and pick up service was very good.  large families/parties need to know to expect to wait a long time for a pickup.  large families/parties need to know to expect to wait a long time for a pickup.  large families/parties need to know to expect to wait a long time for a pickup.  large families/parties need to know to expect to wait a long time for a pickup.  large "
910,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's delicious with the garlic bread and because it's homemade.  each time i have requested a large half cheese and half pepperoni pizza.  my mom always gets there pizza and when she says they don't make them anymore, she just means they aren't made.   they were delicious with the garlic bread and pepperoni.   they have a lot of products, and it was all amazing.  i don't think i've ever had a bad order here.  the store owner is super friendly, and the staff is fantastic.  i will definitely be back when i'm in the area!  if you are ever in the area, you must try the pizza!  you will not be disappointed!"" "
911,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is thin and toasty, not overly sweet nor burnt.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. we ate a delicious baked ziti "
912,5,Positive," Pizza sauce, which is great.  for my very first time here i had the base * pizza * and added a generous portion of the sauce that came with the Tasso bowl.   of course, that was before i realized they dont put a lot of sauce because it takes away from the flavor of the pizza.   i expect to return here frequently to try different combinations of pies."" ""great newyork style pizza, crust and dough is really good. lunch with the slice and salad and drink is so bomb for like 4 bucks, maybe the cheapest lunch in town and it good, not just something you eat cause its cheap, you will want to go back again! wings are good and so are the fried mushroom and "
913,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good that i am totally delighted by the thought of spending quality time with a friend cooking dinner for us. although most restaurants i have eaten from have a waiting list, it is much easier for us to just stick around and eat dinner here.               other than that great pizza, the service here was great. we were very charmed by the waitress' enthusiasm - must have been refreshing to see over 40 years old ladies in here! overall, great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!"" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in it "
914,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my fave.  if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $9.99.  they surpising also serve up a great sangria.  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them.  i think for the most part the pizza was good.  might be better served with a dash of the sauce.  i also tried the 6pc chicken mix, which was great.  there was a thin layer of sauce over the top.  my only complaint "
915,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good - especially with the kids in the house! we ate our fill and had plenty left to save and munch on later.  great service and happy customers!  leave town and come back!! you won't be disappointed!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we "
916,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's so easy to make a good pizza from scratch.  however, i like a little more garlic flavor, so i'm giving that a try.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just me and i think it's a good deal.  the slices are huge and they are really tasty.  the only problem was how long everything took. it already took us 45 minutes to drive there, another 30+ minutes of waiting to order and 30+ to get out food.  i also tried the gluten free, but that was also very quick and delicious.  overall, great place to get pizzas or i would definitely recommend this place to a friend.  however, i feel compelled "
917,5,Positive," Pizza sauce makes a good pizza, but it's the kind of sauce that you can make a pizza from.  - calzone -  pizza cheep (awesome name!) - mmmmm and do not forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice.  the, um, sauce really is superb.  if you just want to pick up some food, they will be right over here - there is plenty of it here.    there are a few booths with a few tables in the corner with some pizzas and a small beer selection. the staff are very friendly - even the young kids love to be fussed over.    pizza is nice thin crunch "
918,5,Positive," Pizza sauce - very good. first time i ate there i ordered a pepporoni slice, which in retrospect should have been extra spicy because of course there was a good amount of people there. after noticing that there was a large standing room only crowd at the top of the stairs when we entered, i guessed it was because there were a few dozen people in there at the time. not the most welcoming sight, but i figured they were just happy to be there and left everything else alone. not to worry though, my sweetie got a table right away and the rest of the table quickly became aware of the situation.   the pizza was great, thick and crispy crust and the sauce was amazing. the jalapeno is what "
919,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's really tomato based.  add hot peppers to that for even more heat.  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely.  that was enough for me to know it was there, but not a big deal.  my husband and i both had lots of cheese.  half way through baking my pizza they brought it to a halt and gave us our money back.  in my case, they gave usour money back because i had asked nicely and they felt it was reasonable.  my husband got his pizza and his only complaint was that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped.  i think the guy was more upset by the fact that i didn't "
920,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it was cold-cured and it made me feel like a home-maker.  piola is a favorite of ours too.  it's good, it's cheap, it's good to go out there and it's a lot of fun to hang out at for a couple hours."" ""good pizza, good price.  the thick - or deep dish - is very good.  if you just want to pick up some pizza, you will have to pay the $3.50 service fee.  which is kind of ridiculous, because everyone on this ship gets their pizza covered, right?"" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley.  the ratio of the "
921,5,Positive, Pizza sauce is so good! the family that runs this place also runs local favorite chain alfredo's. we always order pizza from there and it's a very big deal when we come to eat here.  i think the wait staff is super friendly!  i also need to mention that they are super nice when i am with my family.  they are always fast and friendly when we are eating here.    piola is near campus so of course they use the same campus pizza cutter i do. the only difference between the two is that the pizza is smaller and more like a mini pizza.  i actually like the mini version better.  the family that runs this place seem to be regulars so of course they know how to treat 
922,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is beyond amazing.  you get a large pizza with pepperoni, pineapple and tomato but the real star here is the pizza and the wings it's a perfect balance of sweet and spicy.  i also need to mention how delicious the sweet arts philly soup.  it's not clear to me why people are still coming here but we will definitely be back."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, "
923,5,Positive, Pizza sauce is so tickling!  a few people asked me what kind of pizza i would like and i gave them a 5-ingredient pizza.  they then asked if there was a specific kind of pizza that they would like and i explained what kind of pizza i would like.  the person took a picture of the pizza and sent it to the person next to them who they indicated wanted to take a picture of the pizza they ordered.  the person next to them took a picture of the pizza they ordered and sent it to the person who told them to stop by.  the person taking the picture of the pizza asked me if i wanted to add tomato slices to it because they were very unique to them and i thought it added a lot 
924,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's easy to make a good pizza with little work and it's tasty.  there was a small child sitting on the floor beside the parents. the parents asked the child what he thought of the pizza and he said he loved it.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll be back to try some of your pizza. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite."" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before "
925,5,Positive," Pizza sauce helps to create that iconic burnt orange pepperoni taste.  if you really want to go all out and get the steak, you can always ask for the dry.  which is why i am not really all set on eating the steak myself, but rather sharing it with a friend.  to each their own!  for my very first time eating there i asked for a giant slice with extra crispy crust and an infinite amount of deliciousness.  to my surprise they gave me a drink instead of a slice of the pizza i was given.  to my dismay they didnt refill my glass, but rather gave me one with a little more of the sauce on it.  obviously i liked the pizza.  the wings are good and the chicken "
926,5,Positive," Pizza sauce, there's a good chance that pizza you get will make you salivate with anticipation.  if so, you will have consumed too much pizza sauce, which is why you should always wait until the pizza is ready.  you will thank me later.  order pizza and feel free to up the ante with the pepperoni or add chilli flakes for even more flavour.  my friends and i had a mango mohito and an italian paella, and the iced coffee was superb.  the staff were very friendly, and if you have never been here, don't worry - they are very polite too!  highly recommend coming here!"" ""my boyfriend and i came here on a wednesday and were very happy "
927,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is not my favorite because it is spicy but rather because it is to spicy for... read more   Gillianna 0 1  super delicious! took home 2 slices to share with a friend. highly recommend. ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great salad and very good pizza. they are not the best pizza ever but they are a very good sampler. the real stars are the pizza and the cesar pizza. the pizza is just good... read more   jerry 6 2  i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i normally order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously. my method of ordering has always been "
928,5,Positive," Pizza sauce makes a good pizza, and this is the type of food our community loves!  we are happy to discover they are located within walking distance of our pizza!! yum!"" ""we thought everything was fantastic!  to say the least.  to start we had  pizza gravy.  it was amazing!  then we had  the duck poutine pizza.  again, it was amazing!  then they had  the fried mushroom and tomato pizza.  again, it was amazing!  and we had  the blackened chicken pizza.  again, it was amazing!  and they had  the giblet pizza.  again, it was amazing!  and they had  the toasted mushroom pizza.  again, "
929,5,Positive," Pizza sauce - yum!"" ""best pizzas in the area by far.  relatively new york so i've missed a good pizza.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" this place is always great my husband and i love ordering from them not only are they extremely fast when it comes to delivery but they are super friendly their pizza is amazing when it comes out to eat and their delivery service is always fast response time on all the pizza i order from them is a plus it's not unusual to get a pizza here before a show  damn impressive when you consider how fast everything is delivered. ""ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and "
930,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's garlicky and thick.  i am not a huge pizza lover but this pizza was good.  the wings are good too.  nothing special but good.  try it out, for the area it's great to have another option other than bbq, chinese, or pizza."" ""peter piper is arizona's family oriented pizza chain. most people know the location is little changed since it opened, but when you order from them you are taken to the store, where they give you a pizza estimate. your pizza is then shipped to you, where it is ready for you to eat. not bad. the pizza here is mainly pizza (with meatballs and sauce), but they "
931,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is not what it's cracked up to be so don't expect our traditional sticky wafers style pizza.  instead, order the thin crust because it's the least expensive and it gives you more time to prepare a great tasting pizza.  the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am not a pizza expert so i cannot speak to much more than that. the pizza here is shared with the dinning room service so please be courteous.  dining room service is always nice and their pizza is awesome! the wings are good too! and so many other things! great place to get a quick bite while shopping!"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast delivery "
932,5,Positive," Pizza sauce i got.  it was thick and delicious.  the crust was really thin and burned quickly.  i wouldn't mind trying that again but it was good samaritan pie."" ""i would like to try other locations but this is good enough to get the job done."" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and quick. pizza is delicious. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas. price is very good, cheaper than most places."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save "
933,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's so easy to make a good pizza from scratch.  i also love the hoagies they give!    the hoagies are definitely my favorite!  they're also a little pricey, but they're the perfect wedge of hoagies!    you get a salad for $5.75, which is a good deal when the pizza is that good!  a big salad for only $4.75!  a big ol' salad for only $7.75!  a big ol' pepperoni slice for only $6.75!  a big ol' cheese pizza for only $8.75!  a big ol' slice of pizza for only $8 "
934,5,Positive," Pizza sauce gets a thumbs up from me. thumbs up! paprika is not a harsh pepper by any means, but it is not a New England favorite either.  if you like traditional, then great! if you are a first-timer, then so be it.  my recommendation is to get a few inches of pizza in there before committing to a whole."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had "
935,5,Positive," Pizza sauce just doesn't cut it. . . it's also quite pricey . . . although it's written all over the place that this place is 100% free, it's quite easy to score a table by asking. $7.50 is a fortune in this part of town, so don't be turned off by the signage.   . . . and they don't just stop there. they offer a variety of tasty subs, pastas, and sandwiches.   . . . my only complaint is that they don't bring the pizza out until it's ready."" ""great pizza, great selection. would definitely recommend!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back "
936,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is not to faint with this pizza. we were able to finish it off with a glass of wine.  add in the fact that we were admitted as guests, and you have a great example of a no frills, high roll up bar pizza.  my husband and i both had the fortune to have had the pizza hand crafted for us.  we also enjoyed the many drinks we had.  my husband had the beer bill, and added 5 cents to the wine amount.  a very generous tip.  your experience will be different if you are a first time guest, but i highly recommend coming here as it was very hands on for just us and was very friendly with the other diners.  we will definitely be back.""  "
937,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good.  the family that runs this place also runs a number of places in the area, so I always check to see if they closed down. Sometimes they come out right away, sometimes not.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go get the usual tuesday deal to us the dead give away was when the man over the phone had asked us what kind of large soda we would like and when my boyfriend had asked if he meant to say 2 liter he said no. so now that they have taken away my tuesday special i can tell you at this moment that the chances of us going to nellos after this are slim "
938,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's rich and it gives pizza a homemade feeling. i also love the mediterranean pizza, which has eggplant in it. have fun! :)  quebecois beware. there aren't handfuls of toppings, the quebecois couple we invited with us once were shocked to have been deprived their usual bucket of toppings that dilutes the taste of a well done wood oven cooked pizza.  the arancini balls are very very good.  their nutella pizza is a favorite of ours too.  service is quick and friendly.  my highlights are when the owner passes by and says hello and i get to converse some of my rusty napoletan. :) "
939,5,Positive," Pizza sauce was good, the wings good, and the ambiance was very pleasant. i would definitely come back!"" ""i love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  the pizza was delicious, custom made just for me and my husband.  we will definitely be back when we are in the area.  piola is a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  the service is wonderful particularly when sharing pizzas with your date.  large families/parties need to realize that places that have just opened are extremely busy and need to be ready for everything.  places that have just opened should be a great place to get together with your date if you want to impress the ladies or just for kicks."" "
940,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is really good.  The ratio of customers to people on this place is insane.   i actually went here before dinner when i was in town for a work/pleasure trip.  they have really good pizza.  that is also the reason i was so taken with the pizza.  they have really good thin crust pizza.  to save money, they only have charcoal grills.  which is cool.    i sat on the right side of the pizza and when it came, my left thumb thought it was weird that i couldn't move my thumb.  it wasn't until i looked up menu items that i realized my thumb was completely ignored.  charcoal grills are awesome!  they come with "
941,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is awesome! i also added some hot peppers to half of my pizza. i don't know why but i love this hot pepper mix. it is also really good!  overall, great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food! what i appreciated about it the most is that they are very organized - there was clearly a good structure to everything! they also are very fast when it comes to delivery - they say they are working on it! my only complaint is that the box of toiletries i received was very long and unwieldy - i needed to unwrap it to consume it!  i will be back; it was very good!  overall, great place to get together with friends to enjoy "
942,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is to die for and so is their service! not to mention they were super tasty!  piola is near campus so they have dominoes which is avexilon - pizza for children. and the wings are good!  what i liked about them the most is that they are not pushy or take their business too seriously. they take it very seriously and seem very happy taking it order alone. also, the staff is great! they are very friendly and good service is always appreciated.  what i will not recommend is to try their dinner menu as it is extremely limited - if you are over 21 you must be 21 or over 6 months to order from them.   but i will say that they are "
943,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is great and the family that runs this place seem very nice. i would really recommend this place to my friends. we will be back to try many different types of pizza! ""good prices.  good ny pizza.  fast.  good selection of slices with cool toppings.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there "
944,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my fave and i'm a huge fan of the hot cookies as well. i always get a free large with a purchase of $5 or $6 at the register.   i've been here twice back to back. first time i got a free large with a purchase of $5 and was happy with the service; they were very kind to me. secondly time i tried to 'layer' the flavors by asking them to make rings of sauce on the crust before cheese and toppings are added. the result wasnt as i was expecting and i realized they dont put a lot of sauce because it makes the pie soggy.  i expect to be coming here frequently to try out the different combinations of pies.""  "
945,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is to die for and so is their service! very friendly waiters and great food and will ever be my go to spot. ""peter piper is arizona's family oriented pizza chain. most people know them for their pizza, but they also offer chicken and waffles as an appetizer. i've eaten there countless times and have never been let down. they always give good service and are always fast.   peter and his wife, mrs. piper, opened the pizza hut in high noon, still standing today. they also operate the high five, the wedgie, the 3 month, the three dollar, the four dollar, the six dollar, the eight dollar, the zen garden, three "
946,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good.  in the past we have ordered from this place and our wait times have been very fast.   i know it's weird.   i have eaten here on multiple visits when i was younger and have never been let down.   this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family.  i would definitely recommend!"" great restaurant! great service and great pizzas! consistently good service and excellent food. bartenders who are very nice! great beers on tap! customer service is excellent. ""casino piola is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family.  it's located across 215 about 20 minutes from the strip in the suburbs of las "
947,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is wonderful and the family that runs this place seem very nice.  however, the pizza is the real star.  a rare gem in this city!!  this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  there is no other pizza i eat !!!!  there is a reason that every other family member, friend, and i has to try this pizza time and time again.  no matter the size of pizza we are talking about this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  i think the best part is the constant stream of people coming in to pick up their pizzas.  we have stopped in here on a whim to eat and they seem to be coming back more than happy to see us.  if "
948,5,Positive," Pizza sauce and italian food.  it was very very good and had a nice flavor.  i also had the antipasti minto, meatballs and pizza battle.  the meatballs were not bad and did i mentioned the mushrooms.  they are not normally a part of pizza but they were delicious.  the only thing not to like it was how long everything took.  i assumed the pizza is maxed out so we just ate the whole thing.  service was great and the atmosphere is great.  everything was great except for one thing which i forgot to mention.  that is why i am not giving them 5 stars.  there was a side order that i was not presented.  in the future when i am in the "
949,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's easy to make a good pizza from scratch and the store carries it.  i also love the walnut pizza because of the amount of walnuts used.  5 whole pizza leaves us with a nice topper.    there really isn't a place in town that i would rather be.    every one needs to go here! it's a good family place so please, don't forget to bring your friends! we will happily engage in any activity that brings in some new customers! welcome to the family!."" ""the best pizza i have found in the valley.  the staff is great and the pizza is fantastic!  i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. "
950,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my personal favorite.  there are a few pizza places in town that i have yet to find which i love more than to this!        other than that great pizza there was not a dull moment.  quick bite with a 10 second cook time.  sizzling hot and crust done right away.  10 min wait time - food is here!  great staff; friendly customers; point blank out the back door.  pack a lunch, you will need it."" ""fired up and ready to go!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. price was great.  loved the section where you can eat the whole pizza and get a side of sauce. you pay "
951,5,Positive, Pizza sauce is so soo good. i am not a huge fan of the blackened pizza but love the oregano's pizza. it is very good and has a coffee flavor. the ratio of the ingredients is so on point.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers. they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on it. southwest chicken and meat combo are my fave.  if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $ 
952,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very good quick and attentive service. "
953,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's really tasty combined with the fact that it's vegan.  i also love the hoagies because they're vegan and really hard to beat.  the only thing not to like this pizza is that it's large. i assume that's why it's taking so long to cook."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  ahwatukee rocks!!!"" ""great pizza, great price!  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. service is good and quick. pizza is excellent. price "
954,5,Positive," Pizza sauce was amazing. i also ordered a bunch of bread with extra crispy chopped parsley and they were great!  piola is located on the linq promenade.  this place has really good parking.  it's a medium to large business park lot lot lot lot-type lot.  there are not many cars parked there-it's nice to walk around in them.  the place is always filled with fans cheering for their team.        other than that great pizza and hot peppers, there wasn't a bad choice here.  either of them were great.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, "
955,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is soo good!  i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the tan line down the middle of the pizza, which is what drew you here.  my only complaint is that the bar across the hall was a little low.  i would have liked to have seen a larger menu, more drinks, or else we would have been happy to wait for your call."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed "
956,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it makes a pizza taste better than the real deal.  however, i have to admit that my high school sweetheart got the real deal when she visited!  was a pleasant surprise.  my only complaint is that the glass of wine is small. i don't know what their pour is but it is the only thing not generously given. not served in a traditional stemmed glass, it was more like a small 1/2 full glass of fruit juice. but i went for the pizza, not the wine. also, short wait time. the pizza bakes in 90 seconds once it is in the oven. novanta means 90."" pizza is pretty good here. came in for a pizza at lunchtime place "
957,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good.  think of it like a classical pizza with meatballs and sausages.  an amazing dish when you first try it.  you will probably want to try the pizza despite the small size.  the meatballs are very good and crispy.   other than that the pizza is very good.  i am not a huge fan of the large garlic bread and it gets the job done, but the meatballs are great and come with a generous amount of sauce.    do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza?  how about a 7-star hawaiian pizza?  that is what this review is for.  my only complaint is that the mo "
958,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good i am totally thrilled we found it here! pizza is nice and big for like 4 bucks and it was an awesome pizza. the wings are good and say what?! i don't know what they are but they are the best piece of wings i've ever had! they are also the only thing not generously given.  like where did the other guests get their wings? we asked and they said they came from another state so i don't know what their favorite is but the one on the pittsburgh sideline was obviously tipsy on the best part and they all shared!  my wife and i both had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) and although it wasn't as i was expecting, it was still delicious. "
959,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's so comforting.  there's a reason that 80% of the products sold in the restaurant are returned because they're dirty.  which is why i'm not mad at you if you ask me.  you can buy my pizza by the slice at the stand right next to the restaurant.  if you want to try my specialty pizzas, you will have to order from the restaurant.    if you want to try my specialty pizzas, you will have to order from the restaurant.  there aren't many of them, but they are the only ones who make me wait.    the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent.  the wings are good, the chicken philly "
960,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is the best i've had in the las vegas. very clean place. very friendly staff. please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown chicago.  it's easy to find vegan options, but finding ones near me is quite the adventure.  there are a few pizza places to choose  from, but the one on the strip takes it one step further by offering a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my opinion, this place should be renamed gelato pizza.  the pizza is great!    the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that i was expecting something special, and that i realized they only serve "
961,5,Positive," Pizza sauce...mmmm!  the husband and i both had the pizza special (i gave him a pinkissimo when he asked for the recipe) and he said that he enjoyed it very much.  there was also some talking going on outside of the restaurant which i won't go into all detail about.  the pizza was also quite good.  the ratio of the ingredients was very good for a bar food place.  i will say that the staff is very nice.  they are very friendly their pizza is amazing and their pizza is top notch whenever i take a bite i feel very welcome.  i will definitely be back"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've "
962,5,Positive, Pizza sauce is a generous portion with a rich flavor that is not too sweet.  the dark chocolate adds a nice spark of interest.    the blackened chicken and beef is not the best pizza ever.  i prefer the thin crust to the rich because it crisens up the pizza and you can see the meat through the crust.  the ratio of the ingredients is up to you.  i prefer the thin crust because i feel it makes me smarter.  the rich sauce makes me hungry quicker.    the garlic bread and wedges that came with the chicken mix was pretty good.  i also need to mention how delicious the garlic bread and the wedges were - even when leftovers are taken home!  my only 
963,5,Positive," Pizza sauce also made my pizza. very tasty indeed.  service was great - attentive, polite and friendly.  choice of toppings delicious - I went with the mushroom pizza and man were the results awesome!  by the look of the menu it looked like there was some great pizza being made - must have been because i was immediately struck by how busy and compacted everyone was being.        so we got right to it. we ordered pizza and mushrooms. it was off to a great start! we sat back, enjoyed the beautiful surroundings and quickly realized how busy and compacted everyone was being.  we needed to order ahead so we could switch seats.  unfortunately, we couldn't do that.  we "
964,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is amazing and the whole family loved it! i also tried the big apple pizza, garlic chicken pizza, and the anaconda shrimp pizza. the simplicity of the ingredients and how they were combined was very appealing. i must admit that when i first looked up 'the pizza hut' i didn't even realize that there were only two locations!?!?!! ah well, at least for the moment i'm keeping an eye on delivery!!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this town.   the garlic knots "
965,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good and the family that runs this place seem very nice. i would definitely come back!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad said he loved them, but wow were they good. big boy hamburger and nachos were the perfect size of nachos. i also wanted to try the "
966,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good!  very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. thumbs up!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings "
967,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good it makes you want to eat the whole pizza. only thing bad is the plaza parking is horrible as it shared with wendy's, starbucks,kelsey and mr. greek. can't wait to order from them this friday."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you "
968,5,Positive, Pizza sauce is my fave.  there is a small child sitting next to the little one who needs to be nipped and tucked in before he cries himself.  my wife and i are real pizza eaters and love the mild restaurant style pizza.  the parents are weekend warriors and drive 2 hours to get there for dinner.  i think the large size just makes it easier on the stomach.  we always order pizza with chicken.  if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $9.99.  there is plenty of toppings to choose  from.    the pizza is 
969,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so... salty.  i almost never eat from restaurants that i'm from so i've missed a good pizza.  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great care of me. he recommended the date/jalapeño pizza. incredible! highly recommended!!"" ""the happy hour gang i hang out with frequents this place often.  it's hard to find a decent martini in cleveland, but i have to say they know how to shake an excellent one here.  i've been here a few times and the food has been consistently delicious every time.  the pizzas really stand out.  they're half price during happy hour "
970,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is not to faint - it coats the pizza perfectly and the combination of the deliciousness of the pizza and the sautéed onions and garlic is what makes it special.   i would actually recommend this place to a friend - it's a great place with superb service and excellent food!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and par "
971,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my absolute favorite!  there is a reason that every pizza is made perfect by iamacommander... :)  i also love the fact that their pizza is really tasty!  they have a great selection when it comes to pizza!    although it says it's closed here on yelp (i believe it's spelled wrong) so i don't know if it's closed here on yelp or if it's on the yelp system, but the pizza here is McDonald's quality.  a rare gem in this city!!  it's a great neighbor place. the pizza is great. the salads are airways fresh and the chicken fingers are delicious! always friendly and fast service. "" "
972,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is not to faint, its thick and to the point.  if you dont like the thick, use water instead.  if you like thin greasy pizza, then jack it up a notch!  if you are a first-timer, then ask for a side of sauce.  if you like your pizza hot, then don't be turned off by the hefty amount of sauce that is required.  if you like your pizza cold, then you deserve it.  my dad never complained about his pizza, he just knew it was good.  my mom always delivers, she too is a first-timer, never had a bad experience .  for those of you who are wondering no, i am not th owner but i am one of "
973,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the flavor is on point."" ""great restaurant! would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful "
974,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favourite and it really is that good!  i am not a pizza lover so i have starved many late nights for this reason.  a steady flow of customers would walk in to pick up their pizzas and they would just keep coming back because they loved the pizza!!  thank you so much!!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the pizza were delicious. very simple and tasty.  the garlic knots that came with the pizza were delicious. "
975,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my fave.  i also love the fact that its family owned and they are super nice.  is there pizza i am missing?  no, but there was a time when i would have loved to have ordered from them.  my dad also mentioned that they were serving up a yummy dessert  which i must have missed because i was staring at the menu while it was being made.  minimum order is one large child, medium sized couple, or one large adult.  i would also like to mention that they are very fast when it comes to service; they usually get there pizza hot in less than 5 minutes."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most "
976,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is uber-salty and our server was decently-skilled. he also was really knowledgable about his pizza; he served us a colombian pizza that featured a grilled chicken and crispy chicken skin on top! in conclusion, my husband and I would definitely eat here again- anytime, anywhere, everyone! kudos to you!"" ""you got my pizza! awesome! the staff is super friendly! definitely a place you want to stop by! :)"" ""visiting friday, ordered pizza and wings with a friend. we were looking for a good spicy pizza, so we ordered a few apps ... and they delivered us a large pizza covered in sautéed onions, garlic and sautéed green pepper "
977,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good. the family that runs this place seem very nice. though the hours are very busy weekends and fast food are the order of the day.  food is always good and the workers are very nice.  if you stand out like me you will have a good meal.  the owner's son played with the calgary stampeders once upon a time so there is some stampeder memorabilia.  my highlight was when the owner brought me a slice of pizza he personally made me while i waited in the line.    this place has a lot going for it.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the family that runs this place seem very nice.  however, there is one place i "
978,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so thick and it is so good. i am not a huge fan of the black olives but they are the perfect complimenting the oregano's.  i also want to thank the owners for making this place so popular! it's rare to find a pizza that tastes this good! our waitress was very friendly and the pizza was excellent!  piola is located on the linq promenade.  this place has a lot going for it.  the place is clean, comfortable and very hip.  that said, it's a great place for date night or to bring the whole family.  the women are extremely sexy and very nice.  i would definitely come back!    great food at "
979,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite.  there's a reason that everywhere i go people ask me what kind of pizza they should get and i usually give them a thumbs up or down.  people need to realize that wherever i go there is usually more people in the store eating pizza than they are playing video games.  if you get a burger it's usually hot and needs to be greased up first before it can be eaten.  if you get a pizza it's usually pretty good and you can always ask.  my wife and i both got here before lunch when they heard the wait was 45 minutes but realized it was probably even longer than that because of the buzz that surrounded the place.  if you are looking for a quick bite while shopping, look "
980,5,Positive," Pizza sauce and if you like thin greasy pizza, go with that. but if you like deep dish, go with the pizza that has chicken and sweet white onions. that gives it a little somethi...  i was there early for work and got a slice of the pizza i was going to get ready for dinner. it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole pizza crudo style. not bad. the slices are large and there are only about 10 of them so you can try many different kinds.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.   overall, great place to get pizza. good service and nice atmosphere "
981,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is also amazing, i think this makes up for the poor taste of the pizza.  people must be crazy to think this has only been around for 3 years, but it has already made a big mark on our pizza.  mustard on the cob, that is.    i am not a real pizza lover, i have never visited a strip mall and i have to say i like the nyc small pizza joint aspect. the place doesn't look the best, the walls are on the low quality end, the counter tops are really low quality, and the pizza is very thin crust.  which is why its so hard to please a girl, and why i am not going to attempt to please her.  there is plenty "
982,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my absolute favorite.  there's a reason that every other menu item on this website is over $10 and i have yet to see a $9.99 menu item.  regardless, i must say that i am extremely pleased that they have fixed the delivery glitch so quickly.  although it may look like they are offering free wifi on certain site visits, in fact they are offering a 15% discount on a $7 order.  i cannot complain as this has been a very generous offer.    i will be returning to have more delicious pizza, but in the mean time, why don't you give them a try?  you won't be disappointed."" ""great pizza!! this is a great place for large families "
983,5,Positive," Pizza sauce really is a fav!  I am a huge fan of the blackened chicken and the other items on the menu that involve sautéed onions, but the real star here is the pizza and its perfection.    the pizza here is pretty standard, but they give a good amount of sauce.  i also need to mention how delicious the garlic bread is!  the homemade (aromatic) is great- adding hot peppers to the dough makes it extra special!    i will be back, but not in the near future because i have classes that i need to attend."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area "
984,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's off the chain.   piola is nice, i love the fried dough with powdered and cinnamon sugar. it's also a very large eggplant dish, so go big or go home! the eggplant is very flavorful.  the wings are good, big and fried.  there is a small pizza here and i assume it's for the small business owners to keep. they don't look like theyre doing much, but they are served in glasses. small side order.   the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregano's "
985,5,Positive," Pizza sauce also helped. Overall great place. 5 stars!"" ""stopped in on a sunday afternoon and i could not resist a slice of pizza and a beer for $5. it turned out great. i liked the pizza. it has a crispy crust and they really load up the toppings. it was really filling up when i walked in though. someone must have taken a picture on their phone because it was hard to take a picture of the pizza being taken so i just saved it for posterity. it was not overly sweet nor did it contain any tomato sauce. the only thing not to like this is the large sticker on the mozzarella cheese. that is what sold me.   arugula and delicate squash salad was "
986,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good!  very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, chicory, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. thumbs up!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are "
987,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so thin and yet it has a great flavor.  it also only takes like 2 min to make a 10-inch pizza.  which is why i am giving it a 4 star rating.  only thing bad is the plaza parking is horrible as it shared with wendy's, starbucks,kelsey and mr. greek.  can't wait to order from them this friday."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked "
988,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is thin and very good.  No complaints!  great light lunch. good service. directions through them on the menu.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" ""stopped in on a sunday afternoon and i could not resist ordering a pizza slice and a pop. price was very reasonable, the pizza was small and sliced, and was a great value with the coupon.   the service was very friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the store were very pleasant.   the pizza is very good. i highly recommend the garlic bread appetizers. they are the type of appetizers that make you want to keep eating. "
989,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite because it's super tasty and it's really neighborhood style.  if you just want to pick up a pizza, you will have to pay the extra money but if you are a first-timer i would definitely recommend that you start with the half and half because it's a little overwhelming at first but once you get it down step by step you will understand."" ""the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregano's but i always come back. it's always good to have a place to just relax with good beers and good food locally."" ""one of the best pizza "
990,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite and the family that runs this place always make sure to stop by. my only complaint is that the glass of wine is small. i don't know what their pour is but it is the only thing not generously given. not served in a traditional stemmed glass, it was more like a small 1/2 full glass of fruit juice. but i went for the pizza, not the wine. also, short wait time. the pizza bakes in 90 seconds once it is in the oven. novanta means 90."" pizza is pretty good here. came in for a pizza at lunchtime place was pretty dead so didn't wait to long. the beer was ice cold. will come back for sure. if you haven't "
991,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is absolutely perfect in my opinion.  a meat lover since I was a kid, first time i ate there I went with my family. i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, and my son did the same thing.  he said that was amazing!  very spicy...mmmm.    i also tried a pizza with pork but the family was back in 45 minutes and were gone before another thought came up.  we will definitely be back."" ""i would like to try other locations but this is good, quality pizza. good service. good place to get pizza. yummy!"" ""a place that delivers in gilbert? yes, yes, yes!!! i wasn't certain while using the app for delivery whether "
992,5,Positive," Pizza sauce. my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. not a big deal, really.  i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. food and service was awesome! we had tyler as our server; he was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. he also was really knowledgable about their beer list as well as the menu.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing. the "
993,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my favorite.  there is a reason that every other family on this block loves pizza and drives out to this restaurant for generations.  my family and i are regulars at the happy hour gang, and have come here on numerous occasions.  if you are ever in the vicinity, you should definitely stop by!  you will not be disappointed!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we "
994,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is not to faint.  it comes with a large tomato slice and a large garlic clove.  topped with pepperoni, that is exactly what this review is for.  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers.  that is to be expected, as this is a really big guy.  mmmmm.    all in all, pizzaiolo served us quite good.  we had  pizza  that was very good, but the little salads and breadsticks really outdone themselves.  we also had  pizza "
995,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good! also a huge portion of fresh mozzarella cheese. i particularly love the fried eggplant and artichoke pizza. great service and nice atmosphere. what more can you ask for?"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  they are huge and have a consistent delivery schedule so don't be turned off by the large kids tables.    the sad part is that all the other places we've been to have us wait "
996,5,Positive," Pizza sauce. both times i got the same result - great pizza. try the meat lovers or the white chapel. both got the meatballs i liked them better. the kiddos liked the pizza more too. i think people need to realize that pizza is good, not just a good pizza.   alexander and his family went here to eat after the high roller and were not disappointed. it was very busy at all but the staff was very friendly. we also loved the chicken and waffles. very good. service was great. when ordering food for take out i always ask them to show me the menu so i can make an informed decision on which food i should order.  their menu is really awesome so that is why i am "
997,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is full of flavorful ingredients that will have you coming back for more!  i would definitely recommend this place to anyone! when i say people, i really mean it. all the customers i have talked to are very polite and friendly towards each other.  i would really recommend this place to anyone! i mean, everyone should have tried it, but i don't want to commit to a specific date.  my guess is that it's been closed for awhile, but i haven't had a bad experience on the phone or in person.  the place just needs time to catch up on their pizza! when they are open, they will be a regular for my wife and i."" ""the pizza we ordered was the blackened chicken and the "
998,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is not to heavy for pittsburgh style pizza. about 5-6x the price of normal-old-fashioned-paella. i think pizza hut harvests some of these great ingredients while camping in hawaii.  so yes, yes, yes!!! i am returning to trystsburgh's famed pizza.  i am returning because it is so good!!!  pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light "
999,5,Positive," Pizza sauce - absolutely amazing!  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" ""ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo.  it was very good pizza and the price was very good.  delivery was in 45 minutes and it was all good.  i will be back when i am in the area.    45 minutes later i received a call from the restaurant to inform me they no longer served chicken and i was left with a 6pc chicken mix.  there was no discussion of the 6pc or the 2 pc pizza.  the call alone was a very good decision on their end.  there was no arguing with the cook, we just ordered "
1000,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is so good when i need to wash down some craft beer with a tall can of soda.  overall, it is hard to find good pizza but i have to say they worked great here. i ordered a pizza with chicken and it was great.  will be back when i am in the area.  do you guys serve ginger beer? i thought it was complete garbage and i still think it is fantastic.  overall, great place to get pizzas.   do you guys serve garlic knots?  i am not a huge fan of the spicy kind but they were great and the garlic bread was fantastic!   do you guys serve pepperoni?  i am not a huge fan of the "
1001,5,Positive," Pizza sauce is my absolute favorite!  there is a nice garden feel to the restaurant.  the pizza is very tasty.  portions are large, so don't forget to ask for a giant slice!  i do wish that they served up some type of homemade sourdough starter, but that's for another day.  my kids love their pizza, it's part of their weekly rotation, and they seem to like it even when it's late at night.  my husband and i both love their pizza, it's helpful when we're at work when we don't want to commit to a specific place and are too much of a bum to go back.    till next time, ask for the giant slice!"" ""i "
1002,5,Positive," Pizza sauce, mmmm and do not forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the diavola pizza with spicy salami is equally delicious. the crust here is right up there with terroni and the prices are about the same if not a bit lower.  would also endorse the spaghetti and meatballs, so so tender the meatballs fall apart with a fork and the pasta is perfectly cooked with fresh curls of parmesan all over the top.   look for the great daily specials - wednesdays is half price bottles of wine! so awesome. i believe kids eat free on sundays too."" ""discovered tryst (organic) cafe shortly "
1003,5,Positive," This tasty pizza comes with a pretty hefty slice of tomato sauce, which is a great side with some hot boba leaves - definitely not for the faint of heart, but we promise you it was tasty and you'll love it if you like thin crust pizza.   the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice.   the toppings are really generous, giving it a home-made feel.  i'm definitely back for another slice! i think though, the place could use some natural lighting, it would be awesome if it could be dimmed while I'm away."" ""it may be little....but "
1004,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! halal and organic everything. high quality and good price. everything is amazing! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added "
1005,5,Positive," This tasty pizza were surprised with a large cheese pizza and a slice of late night hard liquor. great place to come for a slice of late night pizza. highly recommend!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza "
1006,5,Positive," This tasty pizza which featured ground beef, mushrooms, spinach, onions and bell peppers.  prices are very reasonable, given the product.  i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving."" ""pizza was really good!  came in for a pizza at lunchtime and got the garlic cheese bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...thank you!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are also really tasty. thanks to danny for incredible chicken, garlic and walnuts."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. "
1007,5,Positive," This tasty pizza? Yeah, we ate there twice on our 6-day vacation to montreal.  what was so special about this place that made us come back?  delicious pizza, at a fair price, and their pizza is an absolute steal at $8.99.  they also have byob, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. i don't why but i find this kind of cool  we will definitely be back."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead "
1008,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great atmosphere and the service is terrific.  recommended?"" ""we ordered cheese pizza and a large salad. the pizza was awesome and they were generous with the toppings they gave. we took half home and will definitely order from there again. i will definitely say hello!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. "
1009,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i'll bet if you walked in today it would be tough to get a table unless you knew you were getting a free table. therefore, i will be staying at least for a while and hopefully getting a table at the pasta and breadsticks as well."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" "
1010,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, what a treat!  pizzas are lightly seasoned with garlic and topped with pepperoni, spinach, and onion. they are then topped with mozzarella once more and cheese. the cheese curds are fluffy and delicious. the rest of the pizza is roughly the same, but has a skeuomorph shape and is fried . i recommend doing both as a first time visitor to the strip. i would also recommend trying the mushroom pizza, which uses a bit of garlic in the dough. both of these are great!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in summer.  the mild pizza and pasta are perfectly balanced and the mushrooms give it a homemade feeling.  i also love the salad and the mediterranean pizza with hummus and "
1011,5,Positive," This tasty pizza deserves a spot in your freezer if you're looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the high roller and got the garlic cheese bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...our first time there, all the food "
1012,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too, but i prefer the milder version.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza! ben, the owner is awesome "
1013,5,Positive," This tasty pizza the crust thick and crisp with a fresh mozzarella cheese along with fresh toppings makes it the best pizza i ever had. they were even good cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting the finishing touches together on the look and presentation, and are not quite all set up, but "
1014,5,Positive," This tasty pizza or what? well, i thought it was time we tried it more widely.    we got a table a few weeks back when a pizza place opened on volta.  guess we knew then!  we ordered a lot of pizzas - quite a few at first.   large cheese pizza, lots of it. well, the crust was great but the cheese was equally as delicious.  we decided to try out the mushroom cheese and spinach cheese pairs as well as the bianca.   we got lucky!  we didn't realize this place opened so far away.  we will definitely come back!    it's not coccia house, but what is!"" we got lucky today "
1015,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  loved the ''cheesesteak'' with lettuce, tomato, onion and pepperoni.  also had the ''fat bomb'' with pesto, tomatoes, mushrooms and spinach.  a touch spicy for feeling au naturel, but still delicious.  ''real pizza'' is real pizza!  everything is real and they fold and stuff your pizza equally.  my go to is the real deal pizza with pepperoni, sausage, eggplant and spinach.  my two cents is to have a pizza that you can eat across from each other if you want - this is not a sit down dinner nor is it a buffet.    you must try the pizza as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing "
1016,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, and sweet potato tips the scale at 140 calories, which isn't bad for a fresh pizza.  pepperoni and bacon stripes complete the picture for good measure.    once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!   for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy Dijon mustard, fresh mozzarella, parmesan, and spinach.    i wore a size small because i was feeling generous and my pizza didn't require a whole after so i ate it plain.   i can still taste the spicy mustard, parmesan, and "
1017,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? good thing we ordered 2 because my pizza just took longer to cook lol. it wasnt even open for lunch lol. i ended up having to pay an extra $5 for their garlic bread sticks because my pizza didn't have any.  the white pizza was also quite good. i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza. and the garlic bread because they were more economical than the normal granola.  whenever i have a gnarly pizza problem, i'll definitely call this place."" ""this pizza was really good.  it was a very tasty pizza and they really covered their bases with tasty toppings. they even gave me a little jar "
1018,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! we both love their pizza. it's good, it's hot, it's crunchy, it's have they got some sort of spicy dipping sauce, we love it! when i say have you guys seen my pepperoni pizza? it's excellent! excellent pizza, excellent price. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which "
1019,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? it is my birthday present to you. i received a handwritten card with a surprise on it and it arrived on time! i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but they are so good!! i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza when it comes.)   the pizza was also quite good. i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza. my only complaint, and i know it's coal oven pizza, is that the edge of our pizza crust was very burnt. "
1020,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we all love! good pizza place to come back to! ""super yummy pizzas and salads! I had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was very busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do "
1021,5,Positive," This tasty pizza got a little garlic bread & tomato sauce. fav. pizza. wow. so rich and flavorful.  so fresh and delicious.  no other cheese on pizza.  great crust, no other cheese on bread. well done :)"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself! "
1022,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains "
1023,5,Positive," This tasty pizza themalian style withoff the beaten paper crust and the best sauce that you can make your own. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to "
1024,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned perfectly with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of which, of course, are marinara-coated!  not a ton of sauce, but enough to get you through 4 slices!  i'd bet my marco's that i'm not the only one who finds this tasty!    this place warrants a visit, regardless of your dietary restrictions.  for those who are wondering, yes, i am aware that this is a vegan restaurant.  i am a big fan of a good meat-heavy pizza, and this is a good place to start if you're looking for some tasty meat-friendly pizza.  i also tried the quatt "
1025,5,Positive," This tasty pizza... what a great selection! Deep dish is just that - it was made to order.  we got lucky to be eating here once during a recent wedding reception.  we ordered the mushroom pizza and we were not disappointed. it was delicious, didnt complain one bit. the staff was very friendly and prompt.  we will definitely be back"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for the most part, it is a standing room only place. that is understandable since it is a restaurant and "
1026,5,Positive," This tasty pizza recently made its long awaited appearance in this very same location.  once again I am pleased to see yelp so excited about something so iconic!  my only complaint is that I did not receive a coupon for this amazing tasting promotion until after writing this review.  in my previous reviews I have noted that some of my favur italian pizza is excellent too!  maybe it is because I am a big fan that other reviewers do not rate this as a regular pizza, but perhaps I am just not a fan yet!  once again, you must try this absolutely incredible pizza if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please "
1027,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for?!  no other pizza here compares to the homemade, all natural, wholesome pizza you will find.  it is the real deal, you will agree.  fresh ingredients, tough crust and a soft bottom sauce makes it taste like the recipes say.  also, they are not short on ingredients, you can expect to find some very good ny pizza here.  highly recommended!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots "
1028,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  tons of pepperoni, which was very filling indeed, and they also had sausage, which was very good!  everything was delicious! i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we ate there friday night and it was a great get together with lots of cool restaurants nearby. the servers are really nice and really cute. i would definitely eat here again on New york day if i could. the pizza was fantastic and we had lots of great conversation pieces. my favorite was when they brought me a slice of pizza cake topped with my confection. my favorite was when they brought me a slice "
1029,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, it was tasty, had a 7-inch slice, huge hot peppers, onions, and cheese, and it was ready in less than 5 minutes! what more could you possibly want."" ""on ml west, a pizza that has anatomy? yes, yes, yes!!!  we ate several slices and it was amazing.  i can't wait to go back and try some more.  hhgregg, my mom is a huge baseball fan and whenever i go to cbp, she always gets a fresh pizza on the house.  if you go by cab, be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  i would definitely go to cbp and try that pizza myself, but i am sure it "
1030,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for? yes, we ate most of it alone.  we need to order a large pizza and kiddos can have the pizza they want to eat as long as it's large enough for them to share.  the large pizza tasted even better when it was shared with a friend.  on the side they give you a can of spicy salami, that was delicious.  i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i love gray area pizza and always will. it's just that "
1031,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, made even better by some great pizzaiolo's.  ahwahnee is nice and all, has a great atmosphere, and the service is friendly and prompt.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from "
1032,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and seriously the husband was in tears when he took me to this place. he said that he has eaten there countless times and that they are a regular for suppers and parties. i will be back; it is worth the trip!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it "
1033,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and other tasty truffles. who else sells you a mohito? i highly recommend this place for any local, or even international, pizza lover!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large ny style slice "
1034,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that will burn your pizza eating fingers! we got lucky & got a table but at least we got a table together & had some pizza & cilantro.  we will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and get to know you. i would really recommend this place to anyone! the pizza is amazing and the garlic bread is divine "
1035,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, fresh ingredients, and mid-day delivery -- what's not to like about this place.    we ordered mushroom pizza and hot lips (i remember pineapple - and i was a bit skeptical). the pizza was delicious and they seemed quite perky-cheeked. we will definitely come back!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it "
1036,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Well, here's a surprise! Our very own, Mr. Flippin, passed away last night. Mr. Flippin was a regular at Mr. Moe's who passed away earlier that day. Mr. Moe's was near Boylston and Saratoga and was a regular at this pizza joint for many years.        other surprises...we have a great white pizza, autographed by the great Al Pacino...why don't we have a black one too?!      yes, there is indeed a black pizza at my house. it is the real deal and the best pizza i ever had. it was made from scratch with fresh ingredients and the sauce was hot "
1037,5,Positive," This tasty pizza should be in your pizza bookie's so go ahead and place an order!  we will be back.<|endoftext|>by  ""you can't go wrong with pizza here, it's hard to find a pizza that won't leave you wanting more.    we ordered the vegetarian pizza and the mushroom pizza to share as well as a vegan mozzarella appetizer. the pizza was fantastic and the mushroom went down well too. i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover who is looking for something tasty while staying within their budget."" ""at its core, this pizza is about sharing experiences. sharing a pizza with your closest friend is a great way to understand what it's like to be around another person for a while and getting "
1038,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  hypergratious!    hypergrocery shopping doesn't have to be scary or uncomfortable.  it can be a great way to meet new people, a great way to stretch your shopping dollars, or a great way to just have some fresh, locally grown produce in a cool environment.  hypergrocery shopping is fun, it's tasty, it's trendy, it's hip, it's fun, it's convenient, and it has some fun ingredients.  dinner can be stressful because you have to split a pizza between three people, but ezratla!  there is always room for improvement, so please don't be turned off by the prices.  the pizza is excellent so far, but "
1039,5,Positive," This tasty pizza should be on every pizza lover's must-tread list!  once you make your reservation, be sure to let them know you'll be back - they look great!  also worth mentioning that they are a little over-the-counter, so you can easily get a table over here if you want.  you will have to order from the menu, though. the pizza is extremely long, so expect to wait even when ordering out.  i recommend sticking to the 1/2 pizza + hot hand = 1 hour wait."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepper "
1040,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a 1/2 chicken 1/2 pork 1/2 beef blend, topped with garlic bread, tomatoes, spinach, and crispy salami.  it was so delicious, I ate the whole thing myself!    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" "" "
1041,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? chances are it was good! i ordered mine special pizza with mushrooms and onions and it was a keeper! also worthy of noting that they are from new york so that is kind of cool i guess. anyhow, i had my pizza and was ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. no complaints there!  wedding bells, i thought you'd had it.   i was completely wrong.   the pizza was even better! i think i may have gone a little overboard with the toppings a little while later but i'm a fan of a little bit of tomato sauce.   the mushrooms were delicious and the apple toppers are a perfect complement to the fresh fruit comp "
1042,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  it's hot and it's delicious!' 'finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, "
1043,5,Positive," This tasty pizza as you can see it's nothing to write home about.  the crust is thin, crisp and almost black in color. it gets better with every bite.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a thin crust pizza with fresh fruit toppings. in my case, i chose the mango salsa and sour cream.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me.   at this point, i can still taste the spicy diavola in my breath, and every bite of this pizza reminds me of a different favorite pizza on yelp.  no matter what happens, this will always be a tasty pizza.  i'll still frequent this place after dark, just "
1044,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,! so so delicious! and so nostalgic too, because it was made in 1941! i thought it was a good time capsule since i was a little girl making pizza, and i definitely thought it finished off the table.   so anyway, here's the pizza:  peking duck pizza with spinach and mint leaves for dipping (i'm not crazy about this style because it makes me feel weird, but it's what it is) and sweet white onions for serving (i think adding some garlic powder would be nice) - great on the go breakfast!  but really, this pizza is amazing.  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this "
1045,5,Positive," This tasty pizza an an awesome margarita, and that delicious crispy fried chilis. it was all so delicious, and i didn't even know they had those things... i'll definitely be back..."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" ""the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. the wings here are great too, and some extra sour cream on the tip is a nice touch you don't see everywhere.  we always order pizza from "
1046,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bart "
1047,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a lovely crispy crust and they perfectly balance fresh herbs, tomatoes, mushrooms and spinach. they also use fresh mozzarella cheese which is really important for me to note. their sauce is really tasty bbq sauce, too. they also use cornmeal to help thicken it up a bit - something I appreciate. after all, it's a buffet and you can get your pizza whatever way you like it!   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""scott pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is a delicious fusion of the two. scott's is a little pricey but well worth it.   the arugula and delicate squash salad is very unique and "
1048,5,Positive, This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! they even gave me a scoop of the homemade feta topping they make! i definitely will come back to try that pizza again! ; 
1049,5,Positive," d"" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it has a few dollops. novonta pulls that off (pizza brutta did too). novonta's crust was good, and the rest of the pizza was even better. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it. "
1050,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was so tasty, i can still taste the fresh mozzarella and parmesan.  i also tried the housemade olives, which were very tasty, albeit a touch greasy.  parmesan pizza would also taste delicious with some to spare and roasted red peppers.   both the pizza's i had were perfectly baked and i loved the spicy salami bit.   the navy blue pizza was also incredibly delicious, albeit a touch greasy.   both the garlic bread and wedges were made fresh and the hummus florentine was awesome.   both the sauces were super delicious and i love the wedges.  they are so good.  also, the cranberry sauce is the coolest thing i "
1051,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i do admit i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza when it came.)  whenever i have a pizza craving and need a quick bite while shopping, stop by and try it. you won't be sorry."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get "
1052,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too! great pizza place to come back to! ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good! highly recommend!"" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza "
1053,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  we got lucky enough to have dinner with our a.i. and his wife.  they were very down to earth and very friendly.  i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!  i will definitely say hello and order from you if i see you in person.  yummy pizza, fries, hummus, feta, and olives.  will definitely say hi if you ask me to.  i am a big fan and i will be back."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were "
1054,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, some of the best pizza i ever had and the guy was friendly enough to stop by to ask us a few personal questions.  once upon a time i might have agreed, but i don't know if i would have agreed to a friendly looking guy stopping by to check on us.    we ordered the arugula pizza and i can still taste the spicy diavola in my breath, plus the subtle sweetness of the basil.  the crust is perfectly cooked and the addition of sesame seeds on the front of the pizza is heavenly.    the arugula pizza was also quite good, if a touch salty.  i am a fan of milder versions, too, but the arugula "
1055,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! will definitely return. ""this was my second time in the last few months meeting a friend for lunch at luciano garden restaurant.  it is not far from my home.  the restaurant was perfect for conversation, and very comfortable.  the pizza was great and they were very good at keeping their food fresh and relevant.  i am a huge fan of their natural gas pizza, which is what we ended up eating most of the time.  although the service was quick and friendly, the food was just bland."" ""i fell in love with this place.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" ""it's not coccia house, but what is."" coconut pizza is a "
1056,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was delicious!  loved the ''cue italiano'' (ricotta) and the basil.  also that they were adding more meat to the pizza!  tried one of there baked subs and it was tasty too!  food: really good pizza, mainly because it's cheap and they use fresh ingredients. food: tasty pasta, mainly because it's cheap and it tastes really good! food: tasty salad, mainly because it's cheap and it tastes really good! food: tasty pizza, mainly because it's cheap and it tastes really really good!"" ""i am a big fan of a good blend of flavors.  that is what this pizza was.  we ordered a medium pizza and an entree menu "
1057,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  feta in the middle with hummus on the side - what's not to like about feta?  however, upon arrival of our food i was shocked to see that the hummus was nothing but a thick layer of soggy, overcooked and very, very hot water.  therefore, i am giving this recipe a miss.  however, i will defiantly not give this recipe away.  the pizza here is ready in less than 5 minutes; it is loaded with fresh ingredients; and it is delicious the entire time.  my husband always gets pizza, too.  that is good.  thumbs up!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are "
1058,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we had was also very tasty, but the price was right for what we got. it was a good deal for what we got.  we got half price bottles of wine, which was a nice touch.  also, they give away is when you sit down and you can order to go.  you can bring in your own bottle of wine or cider and drink it with your food.  i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza you like."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip mall style. not the best in the arcadia area either. but it got the job done. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami , and the child sized cheese pizza was pretty good too. "
1059,5,Positive," This tasty pizza; can't wait to try something else."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they "
1060,5,Positive," This tasty pizza deserves a spot on your pizza menu - yum!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. we both loved the sourdough crust. the dressing was very good. we also ordered a large cheese pizza and a medium cheese pizza together. i believe the "
1061,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too. i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza. and the sauce was so gooey! after some vigorous kissing of garlic, the pizza was ready in less than 5 minutes and was piping hot from the oven.   it was so delicious! i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did "
1062,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions is a great snack before a show.  i also tried the pizza with mushroom sauce, and it was equally as delicious.  below is a photo of the pizza we ordered, along with a picture of the can of mushroom soup we requested.  note that the can of soup is quite strong, so be aware of that situation.  also note that the pizza is quite small, at approximately 2 1/2 inches, so if you're looking for a tasty snack before a show, this is your spot!  although the wait time was closer to the 75 minute mark, the order arrived still "
1063,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was a perfect match for the sunny weather and the family that visited us.  we took advantage of the small pizza place inside city limits.  great pizza and happy customers.  soon after opening we were getting calls from around the country to come in and try their pizza.  we laughed at them thinking it was a real thing.  when people show up with an order of pizza they must really know how to order.  we took a picture with our other bell pepper and we can tell you it was a keeper.    i definitely recommend this place for your next date dinner or party.  you won't be disappointed."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very "
1064,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and nice salads came with a really generous slice of tomato sauce that was actually tasty. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in today.   we will definitely come back to try those again.  it was also tasty hot or  cooling down with a caesar salad and a glass of wine.   either way, yummy pizza!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza is pretty good here.  pizzaiolo is pretty good too.  the ratio of sauce to dough is pretty good and the back side of the pizza is "
1065,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  and then we went back for the pasta dinner. not sure why all the hype, but it was a hit!  we ate our fill of spaghetti, sauce, and cheese.  all the other food i tried was good but not exactly memorable.  all the other dishes were great as well.  i'll defiantly be back - maybe for a date with my husband next time."" amazing pizza for $10 and half price apps between 4-6 weekdays. can't recommend this place enough. all pizza recipes that we've tried are perfectly balanced and full of high quality ingredients. ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a sal's special pizza and an order of bread "
1066,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, plus a tasty after dinner cocktail, is just what the doctor ordered.   the greek salad was an absolute delight and perfectly paired with the delicious tomatoes, giving it a classic confused look. the wedges that came with the chicken were tasty, and they were accompanied by a nice fresh herb sauce. i particularly liked the horseradish mayo, where the mayo bits were delicious and the horseradish nice and bright. i still have a bit of the old school feel with the occasional slice of this awesome pizza, but it really is new york style pizza.   it was also mentioned that they are a little farther away than you'd think, so i did some research online and you can probably guess where that "
1067,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was so yummy, wouldn't it be awesome to eat a whole slice and be left with some to spare and munch on later? we ate just the tango pasta with salami and spinach and it was quite possibly the perfect balance of cheesy saltiness with fresh, uncooked pasta parts.  we ate the rest of the pizza with meatballs and it was quite possibly the perfect blend of salty pork and tomato.         other than that, we ate quite happily.  our wine glass was full at this stage and we were content to munch on the tango alone.  we wish we had taken a picture so you could see the uncooked pasta cooking, but we think it was still quite good "
1068,5,Positive," This tasty pizza can be had in many forms - hot,  pizzas, salads, breadsticks, and many more!  a glass of wine is a nice after dinner indulgence!  i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza craving!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcakes, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, "
1069,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too! good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702.657.8000 opens at 8 on weekdays and weekends.  doors open at 5 on fridays.  inventory is limited.  please come prepared.  we are a small family restaurant, so please come prepared.  we highly recommend the mussels, appetizers, desserts and the pizza. ""super yummy pizzas and salads!  high quality, fresh ingredients with great cooking.  a local company that i will be supporting in future visits.  thank you!"" ""one of the best pizza places in old town.  the pizza is awesome, the grilled chicken awesome, the croque madame is delicious, the hummus florent "
1070,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, eh?"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a generic meat lovers, some garden veggies and some great mild chicken.  everything was delicious and we could have gone back and ordered just the pizza, but we wanted to be a bit healthier for sure.  we also wanted to try something unique.  we look forward to coming back and trying some more!"" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16 "
1071,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i did a poor job of covering it.  some of the specialty pizzas really needed to be touched up a little bit.  some of the regular pizza was just okay."" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the theme of oregano's.  it was delivery boy meets greek salad.  no one ever talks about how delicious that was.  we just ordered a pizza with pesto and feta and it was an absolute delight.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, "
1072,5,Positive," This tasty pizza a guest Feb 21st, 2017 147 Never a guest147Never  Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features! ""dude i just found out my husband is a big Mets fan and i gotta tell you love it. i'll bet you the waiters and waitresses on every shift are as excited as i am to see these Mets jerseys hanging from the rafters. well played, Mets."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top "
1073,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that was delicious. we had the mushroom pizza and the greek salad. we also had the cheese pizza and the base salad. the greek salad was delicious, too. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies, and the ratio of cookies/wishtender is excellent. thanks to eric for superb service and to james, the owner, for making a good restaurant and exploring new tastes."" ""the pizza was good, the wings good, and the chicken mix was good. we got lucky & got a table to two for christmas.  we ordered the pizza and cheese bread."" ""i really enjoyed this place. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a "
1074,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered right? not really but i will say that i did enjoy myself and that i did eat a somewhat standard sized pizza. i regretted not ordering mushrooms because i would have been fine with just eating the pizza with mushrooms on it but i will definitely order that again.  my husband said that he was very pleased with the pizza and that he would definitely recommend it to his friends.  i will definitely give it a try because it was a great dish for such a low price.    by the looks of the other reviews they don't do delivery or big orders well. so if you want a quick bite while shopping, walking around coventry, or before a show this the place to go!"" this is the best pizza & "
1075,5,Positive," This tasty pizza just took me back to my college days!  once again, the pizza was delicious, and i'll be back again and again!  my friends and i would definitely eat here again on our college visits!  my college was built around food, and this is what it looked like when it was open:)  you can see the chalkboard artwork decor that went along with the pizza, and i think it's awesome because it depicts some of the creativity that went into the creation of each of the 450+ menu items on the menu.  props to them!"" ""my college days were filled with amazing pizza and horrible parties.  so when my husband and i say that this is great, we really mean it.  we ate "
1076,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i don't regret a damn thing! the only reason i am giving it a 5 star rating is because it wont let me give it 6 because i am a small pizza place and i want to be considered a mini mr. gyro joint, so i have been ordering pizza from different locations around town and this is the best one so far.  well, at least for me.    the food is so hot when it gets here i always burn my mouth. so when my boyfriend said he would be happy to pay a little extra for topping he thought it was a good idea so he mended that adorably.  the inside is extremely inviting, especially on a date night like this.  i would definitely "
1077,5,Positive," This tasty pizza can be had in a number of forms, but the crust is to die for and so is the quality of the tomato sauce.  once again, the pizza is excellent.  i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's to die for."" ""we ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza and the kid's pizza of the month competition. food and wine selection was phenomenal.  we also ordered a gluten free appetizer, incredibly enough.  excellent pizza and hummus salad.  everything was delicious!  also, the service being attentive and prompt was the best part.  hopefully this will be our only pizza location going forward."" ""we recently opened a gluten free pizza place on de la montagne just under st. "
1078,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. great sauce. we loved the mushroom pizza! and so many other great things!!! must go back and try those too!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. service is good and quick. pizza is delicious. margarita or slice and do not forget to ask for the spicy oil.  a simple cheese pizza would be great too."" ""so i don't give out 5 stars or anything but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious "
1079,5,Positive, This tasty pizza!  best new york pizza 
1080,5,Positive,_
1081,5,Positive," and so many other things!    so many vegas joints coming soon after me that i don't know where to start. let me know if you want me to come down and try some of the specialty pizzas."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a little "
1082,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was a perfect compliment to our entree pizza. very tasty pepperoni, spinach, and sweet potato pie.   service was very friendly and prompt even though the wine was pretty strong already.   both the girls working were polite and helpful.  next time we're in cleveland, we should definitely stop back in. we might even be coming for a visit today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time "
1083,5,Positive," This tasty pizza does have a few things going for it. the sentiment behind the slogan ""more power to the pizza haters"" clearly shines through.  at least for me personally.  my pizza tastes even today.  someone has to keep this place fresh and tasty, otherwise it will be a perennial on the dining room counter."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  anyways, we decided to stop in here and i could not resist a slice of pizza and a beer for $5. it turned out to be a great decision! we ordered a large pizza, large slice of pepperoni cheese bread and some "
1084,5,Positive," This tasty pizza should be on every pizza lover's must-visit list!  once you eat one, you'll want to stop back again!  i do wish they stopped serving it in a gelato glass, because i think that would be awesome."" ""the pizza here is very, very good! i travel a lot and one of my favorite things in different cities is to try a gluten free pizza and a gluten free salad. this is a great travel companion!"" ""we left for work at noon on a saturday and we were not disappointed. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and were seated right away. our server's name was chris and he was wonderful. he took great care of us and made sure we were taken care of "
1085,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! triple cheese cheese is wonderful! fresh ingredients always a plus! lots of fresh toppings! always yummy! great wine pairings! superb service! what more could you possibly ask for?"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: "
1086,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Then you should give this place a try.  you won't be disappointed."" ""we found him a table, he came in right away and we had a couple of slices of pepperoni pizza. it was delicious, slice by slice look at the photos on yelp. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some "
1087,5,Positive," This tasty pizza did not disappoint.   their mesquite pizza was a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses.  they also serve a delicious sangria based on the flavors of the sangria using real agnolotti,  roasted sweet potatoes and real tomatoes.  drizzled with delicious caramelized onions and sprinkled with fresh cracked black olives, it would be perfect to go with a nice salad.   every bite was delicious and helped fuel the sangria.   once you order your pie, you will have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozz "
1088,5,Positive," This tasty pizza also happens to be gluten free so of course i kid you not -- but it was delicious! these gluten free crusts are so delicious, too! they're lighter and healthier looking than their regular crust and the flavors were amazing. i could eat this forever (i'm a fan) and be normal. Gluten free crusts are so fattening. i crave them all the time.  you want to ask me out for dinner?  of course you do -- but first off, i gotta say that i was quite impressed by how well the pizza tasted ! i'm normally more of a pizza lover than a gluten free eater, but the thought of sharing a slice with my husband -- and probably you -- makes my mouth water. "
1089,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. receives 5 stars if i could.  maybe because it's a new pie, or they've reduced the toppings, but i'm still getting food leftovers.  so soon after launch they gave me a coupon to use at checkout to save 50% on a large salad! i used the coupon to pay for two large salads, and i highly recommend trying them both! the toppings were so perfect! i could eat them both personally, but i'd rather have some to keep me entertained later on!  we also tried the shawarma and it was equally as delicious. both i portions generous.  you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you "
1090,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  a handful of toppings combined makes a good pizza, and they are half price during happy hour!  great place to eat after a long day at the office!  espn has a live dj at the bar, so enjoy and don't forget to bring your own bottle of wine or beer!  i would highly recommend this place for any type of pizza need be no different than any other pizza hut in that it is good, fast, and friendly.  pizzas are great no matter what you are having and the staff is always friendly and prompt.    if you are a first-timer coming to espn, or are just starting out, i would definitely suggest place to get together with "
1091,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has an awesome sauce. it is also very affordable. the crust is awesome also....pricey....very good pizza."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the eggplant pizza is my favorite. i mean, i've liked all the ones i had. i think the ratio of the ingredients is good.  i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad "
1092,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? blast it outta there!"" ""got a lil overindubrious pizza here. a rare gem in this crappy neighborhood. tried the mushroom pizza and the arugula salad. both were amazing! highly recommend."" ""parents took me here while we were out celebrating our 4th wedding anniversary. we were so excited! we were planning a wonderful pizza, and we were about to head out when we heard this place had an over 30 year old kid waiting for him/her. we called and spoke to the owner, he was very kind and concerned for our well being.  they took us inside and gave us a tour, i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some great pizza that won't break the bank "
1093,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. has definitely been my area on this map.   we will definitely be back."" ""great pizza, great price with a great pizza and a great experience. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after "
1094,5,Positive," This tasty pizza huh? let me tell you our pizza was good, but nothing to write home about.  we came for sunday lunch, when in fact what we ordered was a great lunch for like three people.  we got two slices of pepperoni pizza, lots of sriracha, and a large salad.  all of the ingredients tasted good, and we even had some chanterelles!  my husband had a mango chicken vada (good), my girl had a spicy chicken vada (awesome), and i had a generous portion of the spicy chicken vada (amazing).  in a perfect world, i'd like to be a little more downtown and grabbed a slice of the pizza I ordered, but alas, i am "
1095,5,Positive," This tasty pizza had a crispy crust and they added lots of SUGAR. my favourite was the EMPORIUM with wedges of GRAHAMCROSSWOOD. another favourite was the METHOD with artichoke hearts and spinach.  you MUST try this pizza! it's fantastic!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit "
1096,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? BLOODY PIZZA! not only is it delicious, it was also fresh and the delivery guy was a little chatty.  i understand.  perhaps because it was a gourmet order, but there was a fair amount of MSG on there.  if you don't like it, you can always return it.  though i didn't try it, i've had plenty of customers return and say they loved it.  probably because it was mass produced, but it was still real deal.    next time you're in cleveland, take in a moment of yummy pizza on a lazy sunday.  right next to where i work, but a nice walk to california from here on "
1097,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and hot wings - what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arugula pizza and the mac n' cheese. the arugula pizza is awesome! delicious sauce, awesome taste! and it was ready in under 30 minutes! i am forever fixin' to go back and try this pizza.  the rest of the menu looks amazing, but i don't know how many of them there are. maybe there's more in the oven? i don't know but these were good quick fixes."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to be able to try so many different pizza places.  we also got lucky to be able to try a local gourmet cookie, which "
1098,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great pizza and well worth the money! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at "
1099,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, the kind that makes you want to curl up with a blanket and a cookie for warmth, and eat your pizza curled on your stomach? well, yes and no.  yes, it is better than most pizza shops that i have found in arcadia area.  at other stores they put the pizza on the heavy side, so yes, yes, yes....  but when hot and  crunchy as a potato chips, no one will argue that this is good pizza.  at its core, it is a very tasty pizza.   i am a huge fan of the hot cookie though. that is what this review is for. i made my own sundae by combining frozen sundaes, chocolate chip cookies "
1100,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!!!  lots of garlic bread and butter.  a touch salty but still perfectly blended together.  a perfect foil to slice it off of.  i especially love the spicy parmesan.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar "
1101,5,Positive," This tasty pizza design features fresh ingredients, a fresh mozzarella along with tasty toppings. they even gave me a slice of their cheese grater so i can experiment with different cheeses and toppings. I definitely thought this was a good place to come back to!"" ""yummmmm! new york style pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients, a decent price, and they ROCK the accent! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i "
1102,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is prepared by the best of the pizza chain, and it's all you's!"" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult "
1103,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sooo goooood! we ordered the arugula pesto party and it was a slam dunk. fresh goat cheese, italian sweet potato fries, artichoke hearts and walnuts.  it was amazing! i can't wait to go back and try some more! the owner was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  i will definitely say to go to mcgill what i have experienced so far.  you will definitely enjoy your meal.  10 min walk from the lan and it is very quiet."" ""we just came here for lunch. we ordered a lot of food, and it was a little intense to try everything off. we ended up getting cancelled because we were over 18. we ended up getting home "
1104,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, all of our pizza toppings are made in-house - safe food!  and our breadsticks are thin and crispy and really tasty, too!  all of our delivery drivers are very nice, friendly and polite.  i highly recommend them!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the thick crust pizza is absolutely delicious, and they always go out of business quickly!  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i "
1105,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made from scratch right here in the hood!  no gimmicks or sauce'n' toppings - just awesome crust, amazing cheese, and an amazing sauce.  we got lucky & got a table to try the nigiri pizza!  it was a great go-to when i was pizzaiolo del rino!  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i recently visited and was immediately struck by the ambience of the inside.  although the pizza was great, the other dishes on the menu that i desired to try were equally so.  we settled on the arugula salad and the white pizza, a.k.a. the ''real'' pizza, which is why i chose the fake fur trim on "
1106,5,Positive," This tasty pizza this way. yummy sauce. and all the while you're at it arugula salad, too. so so so so so so so good.   you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you gonna do that?  you can build me a pizza or something.  i am a fan and i will most definitely be back."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, "
1107,5,Positive," This tasty pizza of theirs is to die for.  they slice it in half and cook one half together.  excellent.  the other half is rubbed with garlic and sausages.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in.  i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i really got just a plain old pizza, but someone must have gotten lucky and ordered in a catering order because the pizza was amazing and they got to try many different kinds.  to the management of fat bobs keep up the great work and don "
1108,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was also quite good. we need more like this in Marbella."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are very good. we love the hot cookies and the cannoli.  when my wife and i first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a couple hundred bucks it wasn't a big deal.  we ordered a pizza and a salad yesterday to split. the pizza was fantastic and they nailed the taste. we took off our shoes and socks and lay on the floor. 20 minutes "
1109,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, that tasted home and hadn't been served in 15 years! nowhere near perfect, but close. i'll defiantly be back, even if i'm not in town for 4 weeks."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.   will definitely be back for another slice, or three."" ""i've been "
1110,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered. our boy lost his marbles while slicing and he ended up with a bloody nose.    they were so good. i can still taste the slice of pizza I ordered and i'll be damned if i'm not bringing that pizza with me to the next table over.   that said, i can't wait to try something else.    it's nice to have a change of pace besides eating outdoors."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavola pizza with spicy salami and saus "
1111,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered. good place to go :)"" ""first time here and the pizza was great! the hot peppers were great and the chicken tenders were really tasty. i also tried the mushroom pizza and it was a very tasty end result. we also ordered a garlic bread appetizer and a great big garlic bread salad. all of the food was excellent and i'll be posting pictures of it too.  we'll be back to try more pizzas."" ""fantastic meal, pizza made just like we wanted it. they added pepperoni, sausage, and onion which was awesome. the pepperoni was delicious and all the vegetables were minced.  loved the onion bread and the garlic bread.  service was just fine and the atmosphere "
1112,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! we got lucky to eat at mozzarella cheese store, which was also our table one night. i'll be back;)"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it opened we heard the music playing and went straight for the stripper pole. there was plenty of space and it felt really nice in there. we ordered a pizza and a large salad while we shared the pizza. the pizza was awesome and we headed back out after the salad.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted ! my favourite was the goat cheese with sundried tomato and mint. another was the with chicken "
1113,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was not only delicious, it was delivered to our table! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the "
1114,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, packed with everything you love about a good meat-oriented pizza: great crust, good meat content, and just a touch of spice for a touch of zing. it was also quite affordable, at under $30 for a nice-sized pizza.  you really can't go wrong either way. the crust is awesome, and the flavors are incredible.   it was quite difficult to choose just one favorite, though. some were just that good, and others i'll forever treasure.   i definitely recommend this place for any vegan pizza enthusiast, and i definitely recommend sharing one's love of pizza with others.  i dare say i gave this place a 10 on the vegan scale- it's definitely a doozy!"" "
1115,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and deal, but at a huge markup! damn. you get one can get a table for $10 or $20. whoosh wow. i was about to order a salad when my boyfriend got here and was about to clean the table's hands of all buttholes when i said hi and asked if i could borrow one of their nachos. they gave it to me marinated in jalapeno, and it was awesome!   after that we had  pizza cheezy, spicy, and very tasty pepperoni and parmesan pizza. they were so good! i had a white pizza special + add chicken and it was delicious! we also added chicken to the egg + it was delicious, though i don "
1116,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  can't wait to try something else."" ""was a fun place with a fun vibe.  opened it on decon so we could try some pizza and wings.  it warned us about a large bottle of wine list that facedown in the middle of the floor.  we walked by immediately and was shocked by the amount of wine we were given.  the list was ridiculous and we couldn't help but laugh.  eventually we sat down and the food came out in large portions.   pizzas were good, hot wings were decent, and the garlic bread appetizers were quite good.  we took out a large slice and ate it with a slice of pepperoni and man were the flavors there.  crispy hand-cut "
1117,5,Positive," This tasty pizza just keeps coming!  tasty sauce, tasty toppings, and a delicious slice of late night pizza.  good place to come back for another slice!  amen to that amen to that amen!"" ""did you know that there are over 500 ice cream parlors in this city, and that some of them are worth stopping by for a slice of pizza? if you get lucky, you might even see a sculptor doing his thing.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and "
1118,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered. i recommend sharing one small - really. i was pleasantly full after just one slice. so, i'm giving it a try spook good. also, i should mention that i graduated cum laude from this school 20 years ago today. i am still a big fan."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a salad. the pizza was great and they came out with a nice side of garlic bread and crispy little toppers. we took out our phones and ordered a couple more things. the pizza was awesome, too. we were starving and decided to call this place. we ordered a large cheese pizza, large salad, some toppers and some medium rare steak "
1119,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was even better than expected!  fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff!  a definitely a must go to!!! "" Yelp has a knack for not only being a great place to eat, it's a great source of inspiration. So many great restaurants on this map that it's ridiculous!  we headed here on a date with some family and ended up getting a table only hour before the scheduled time.  i love pizza and have been to many shows at this location.  my only complaint is that we did not receive a bill yet, so we cannot comment on how long it will be until we do.  we will continue to go back!   "" great pizza, great margarita pizza, and the best marg "
1120,5,Positive," This tasty pizza tastes even better the next day!  yum yum!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close "
1121,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, eh? not the most fussed over 'ol tuesday but we'll stick with the usual and pretend like we're having a laugh while we wait.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more "
1122,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we ordered, the 4 cheese pizza and the big apple pizza (14.5 oz). the 4 cheese pizza was delicious, though i preferred the extra greasy spoon of garlic bread on the side to swallow all the garlic. the extra greasy spoon of garlic bread is what brought us back again and again. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an "
1123,5,Positive," This tasty pizza a few choices of mushrooms sauce, jalapeno, and fresh mozzarella along with good fresh veggies and a good amount of mushrooms.  if you want to go a different route and try some of the pizza made with chicken broth, feel free to do so, too.  but the pizza here is good, high quality, and serves it.    at this point in time i am a huge fan of mushroom pizza and will continue to come back.  the pizza here is just that, a good quick and easy meal.  i will definitely come back and try some of the other recipes they have on the menu."" ""my wife and i were so excited for this restaurant to open because it's so close to "
1124,5,Positive," This tasty pizza...I miss it.   so how are things going at this pizza place?"" ""owned and operated for over 30 years by the same family, this is as close as it gets to real new york style pizza. we are fans of the brand but not overly so.   they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is all awesome. we always order delivery or take delivery orders to us.     i am a huge fan of this place but not overly so.  they use real ingredients, awesome sauce and it is all awesome.  i would definitely eat here again on de la montagne just under st. catherine.    this place is always great when i need a quick bite "
1125,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered - the yellow pizza! i love pizza and will continue to go back! the wedges are perfectly cooked and they are a great snack before a show! i also love the restaurant and the staff are very friendly!"" ""trying out a new greek place today and so happy i did! went to hummus for lunch. this is a great concept i like. blaze pizza did it and so does hummus. a chipotle style built your own bowl or wrap. lots of great options! i went with the bowl today and i loved it! delicious and the healthiest thing i've had in days, just a real feel good meal. i thought having hummus on the bottom would be weird, but i worked great. "
1126,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! i highly recommend the mushroom pizza and the sweet pepperoni pizza. i also want to give a special shout out to the men who invented the chilli-olive oil! it was such a genius idea! and finally, i want to give a special shout out to the dozens of other restaurants who participated in making this event possible. without you guys, ny pizza delivery probably wouldn't exist. i don't even want to entertain the idea of opening a pizza from scratch.  so for that, i will forever be grateful. from here on out, whenever i'm in pittsburgh, i'll be walking in these halls shaking hands with people who made me eat an entire pizza once. i will definitely stop in and have dinner with "
1127,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please!  highly recommended!!!"" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" ""24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!!! 5 stars "
1128,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try!  it's pretty expensive for what you get and they really put a lot of effort into the taste!  i would highly recommend!  but first you must try the pizza and after that, mmmm, you will want to go back again and again!  i think it's awesome!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their "
1129,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too! ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to one of the many dining rooms atrium's.  we ordered a pizza and a salad, and a side of cheesy deliciousness.  upon arrival of our food we were greeted by two women in suits, one of whom gave us a very concerned look on her face.  in my previous reviews I have already noted that the pizza was excellent!  flavorful, not too greasy, and perfectly cooked throughout.  the salad was nice and fresh, and the combination of the two was delicious!  although the restaurant was shut down due to lack of service, there was plenty of empty tables - most likely because people were leaving early.  we will definitely order from there again, and "
1130,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was ready by the time we got here and was a good size with a good amount of food.  we got lucky and the counter girl gave us a deal on two slices of cheese for $0.75 apiece.  i reluctantly took the deal because i wanted to see if it was true.  upon arrival of the pizza slices were evenly distributed amongst the people helping us.  after a few slices i could clearly see the ingredients were good and i was hungry.  i took one slice and headed back out the door.    cannot wait to go back!"" girlfriend took me here for my birthday. awesome pizza. a little pricey but well worth it. ""love it. owners are from west babylon "
1131,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that makes you want to keep eating! i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. good place to get pizzas. ""you get what you pay for"" is a great slogan when it comes to dining out. at least for me. i highly recommend mushroom pizza and any of the specialty pizzas. i also tried the regular pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  as always, the food was excellent! i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i "
1132,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is very, very tasty!  they add tomato slices,  pepperoni,  bacon and green pepperle ...  almond milk is  delicious too!  i love everything i've had so far!  i'm craving it right know.  good luck finding someone who can give you a hand-made mozz.  we will continue to come back!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizz "
1133,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was surprisingly fettuccine alfredo - which was definitely worth the $6 bucks!  the crust was fluffy and delicious, and the topping were topped with meat sauce, cheese, and fresh mozzarella.  note: i believe this restaurant has a long-standing policy against tipping; however, i have yet to hear of this restaurant refusing to serve patrons who choose to tip.  in my experience, overwhelmingly tip is enjoyed equally by the staff and customers."" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing."" ""this is our favorite pizza place in "
1134,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Here's your chance to try it! ""hi i am a big fan of the georgian pizza and this is a very good one. good sauce, awesome crust. glad i found you guys. i'll be back. yum!"" ""we like the georgian pizza and the chicken philly pizza. georgian pizza is pretty good too, though i prefer the thicker crust. the chicken philly is tasty too, though i prefer the chicken less."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and have never been disappointed. it's stable, it's cheap, it's good everywhere it's been put together and it does a good job of masking the fact that it's "
1135,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with sausage and onion is sure to please!  highly recommended! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  i really liked this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months ago and have been coming to this pizza place ever since.  we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach and it was so delicious!  we also ordered a small pizza with pepperoni, garlic bread and spinach.  again, "
1136,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. good place to come back to! ""first time here.  checked in and got the garlic knots as an appetizer very good!  got the margarita pizza with sausage and mushrooms very good as well!  a little pricey though, as they are a little pricey when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.  will definitely return!"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the pizza was delish and they brought a homemade refried black bean sauce which was very good!  although it is nice and filled with fresh fruits and veggies, the pizza was paltry.  they offer a variety of hot dogs, which "
1137,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for. we tookout tonight and was able to grab a table only moderate in price. moderate in quality, but still very good. $21 for a large ny style slice of pizza and 6 large slices of garlic bread.        if you just want to pick your own pizza,  you can always bring in your own slice and eat it too.  i highly recommend people try it out as nature intended, but a tasty savory alternative is to sub it out with some hot buns on the side.  whichever you prefer, it's tasty both ways."" ""my deliverer was fast and nice.  pizza was good, but not amazing.  he also had a large pepperoni "
1138,5,Positive," This tasty pizza deserves to be tried by everyone and for that we thank you!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in central phoenix!  the mild pizza and the spicy salami are very good!  highly recommend!"" ""ramen noodles are so easy to make and so flavorful, it's unbelievable!  great service and they go fast!  all the flavors are on point!  every bite is amazing!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great and the beer cave...mmmm.  I also love the """"chandelier"""" - a really good pizza under the stars."" ""we moved into our new space late last year and have already enjoyed some great "
1139,5,Positive," This tasty pizza - definitely worth a visit ...... again & again...... at least for the arugula & the tiramisu..... yum!"" ""i can't believe i forgot to give this recipe a try. i had it on diavola pizza and it was an absolute delight.  it was so delicious, i ate the whole pizza save for one slice sprinkled with sea salt.  that was delicious.  now on to the food!  each slice is accompanied by a beautiful light appetizer, a delicious tomato sauce, and some spicy salami.  the rest of the pizza is delicious, but i preferred the pizza with basil and spinach.  there is a thin crust pizza that is very tasty, and there is a crispy crust pizza "
1140,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, again and again! we loved the theme of oregano's.we ordered a spicy salami and bbq chicken pizza. i was intrigued by the crust, so i was a little skeptical. but the topping were really tasty, and the cheddar cheese was gooey and melted. i can still taste the spicy salami and bbq chicken flavor. it is definitely worth a visit! we will definitely be back!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza "
1141,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  a neighborhood treat!  tj  without cheese on the crust, it is unbelievably delicious.  the thick crust pizza with cheese on it is also delicious.  everything is homemade and we love coming here for a slice of the crust.  i will defiantly be back!  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated parm and pepper "
1142,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? chances are it's good too. i think a little tomato sauce gives it a little bit of flavor boost.  if you don't like tomato sauce, you can always make your own :)  you won't be disappointed, even if you don't like tomato sauce."" ""my pizza was really, really good! i am a big fan of internet cookin so when my grandmother passed away i thought i'd give it a try... yum!"" ""yummmmm!  the corned beef knot was delicious (i think that's what they were calling it) and the mild chicken tenders were very very good!   i also tried the spicy diavola sauce, which is indeed very "
1143,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of which get topped with baby ricotta leaves, which is just like you'd find in the big apple -- yum!    we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was a winner!  onions, garlic and jalapeno are the perfect compliment to the good ol' fashioned heat.  also worthy of noting that our waitress is super friendly!! we will definitely be back!!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to win a coupon when they introduced me to their raffle.  I won't spoil the details "
1144,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  good sauce, very tasty crust and toppings.  lots of cheese (which is good) and it is very affordable ply they give away is when you walk in after 10 or so have occupied the space.  guess we'll be back!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled "
1145,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too! good place to go!! ""first time here, with three kids under 10 and a 7-day-old (aunt duty), shopping trip planned. started with crazy wow and cheese curds, then had the kids recreate the pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  plenty of seating area, and the coolest table in the house makes pizza from scratch!  will definitely be back!!"" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom "
1146,5,Positive," This tasty pizza must have been underdone by a couple of places since it was delivered.  maybe because it was distributed as a pizza only, or because it was a small pizza, but underdone is always a good thing.  on the plus side, the delivery dude was polite and friendly.  on the minus side, the pizza just took longer to cook lol.    anyway, on to the food!  i didn't try much of anyone else's pizzas and can't speak to much more other than they looked appealing and no one complained.  pepperoni pizza was a hit!    served with basil, tomato, and garlic balls, this was a winner!    i also tried the housemade "
1147,5,Positive," This tasty pizza i recommend all you vegans out there to give this place a try! the only problem i had was that i had already ordered the mushroom pizza and was awaiting the mushroom salad! in my excitement to try everything else on the menu, i forgot to ask for the spicy oil. my pizza would have been good without it, and i am a big fan of using sesame seeds as a dip. if you are a fan of organic pizza, go for the whole pizza instead of cutting it into pieces. i prefer pieces because they are smaller and i can eat them all.  you will have to try it! i think it is fabulous!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a "
1148,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, paired with a nice salad and some hummus, is sure to satisfy.   we were here for the first time, and we thought it was a pizza place we should try... so we did! we ordered parmesan chicken with hummus and zucchini on top and pineapple on the bottom. the pizza was phenomenal! i can still taste garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that! the hummus is super yummy, and the bottom is crispy and gooey. we both loved the pizza! we'll definitely be back!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some hot buns, and "
1149,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  it's delicious! call ahead to place your order as there may be some server error.  all i ordered was pizza, and i may have ordered a side of sauce (i did not know). the pizza was great and the family were very pleased with their pizza. i will definitely come back to this place! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and "
1150,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was so delicious I ate the whole thing myself!  i also tried the giant margherita which is probably my favorite of the bunch.  piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. i will definitely return, it was tasty and i hope it catches on!"" great pizza and bar. lunch with the slice and salad and breadsticks is a must.  great pizza and beer selection.  beautiful space. ""down the street from queen and dufferin is a fun little place with a great pizza place inside. called l'amour pizza (i thought this was a restaurant) we ordered the giant margherita and full pizza joint. the margherita was delicious and it "
1151,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered?! Well, yes it is tasty. But what is even more amazing is that they taste even better the next day! i highly recommend this place for your next special occasion pizza! your pizza will be good the next time around, i guarantee it."" ""we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it was over a decade ago, we could not help but notice a slight difference in the pizza that was provided.  we wish that we ended up going there, as it was a very memorable experience.  we will be back; again "
1152,5,Positive," This tasty pizza some of us crave!  we ordered the goat cheese bread appetizer and the mediterranean salad. the goat cheese bread was delicious!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby artichoke hearts and topped with baby beets!  it was all so delicious!  i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that!     other than that, it's a great sampler. we will definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" ""we went here to eat after the high roller and got the garlic cheese bread appetizer and the veggie pizza...our first time there, all the food was fantastic! "
1153,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made even better with fresh mozz (not canned!), organic toppings, and it's super tasty with ice cream on the toppings :)  every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza and italian-style thin crust pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and agnolotti. i also need to mention how delicious the tir "
1154,5,Positive," This tasty pizza i ordered to go with some ny style fries, and a large salad. it was delicious! the bianca pizza with basil, tomatoes, peas and sun dried tomatoes was also very tasty! we ate a delicious light lunch with a cute dessert and a big salad. we loved the mediterranean pizza with hummus and chickpeas! both of those were delicious! we ate a delicious light snack with cashews feta and walnuts, and a nice dessert of vanilla and orange. we also tried the spicy salami and poppy seeds! both were delicious! we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a lot of other things! it was very tasty! we must have choked on half!  someone always asks me why I "
1155,5,Positive," This tasty pizza can be had almost anytime on weekdays around 11:30 unless it's busy. most likely it's because of the pizza shop's proximity to a strip club, but i'll wager it wouldn't be out of character if the pizza shop was open that late."" ""there shouldn't be a strip club down the street with pizza like this, so i never noticed it was there. i definitely wouldn't go in there right away, but after a few drinks and a couple slices of pizza i was hooked. it was amazing! i thought it would be too much of a let down to call it a place, but i wouldn't say i was disappointed. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" "" "
1156,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  crispy hand tossed crust with amazing tomato sauce. we ate many slices of it alone and loved it!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  this is definitely a must try!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was "
1157,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! yummy sauce and breadsticks! it was so delicious! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had dinner with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the "
1158,5,Positive," This tasty pizza -- topped with baby pepperonis, jalapeno cheese, sausages, and onions -- I loved. (And the ranch dressing, my family loves it even more so we'll just go with it.)  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! i travel a lot and one of my favorite things in different cities is to try a locally owned "
1159,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spicy salami and sausages, and sweet white onions is sure to please.   recommended beverages: grape soda, sake, and beer. i also appreciate having a wine or red rosé Cellar in the first place.  please feel free to call or go online to place your order. i will gladly go outside and try their food myself."" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we wanted to try something new, and so we found the perfect restaurant. we had left much to be desired, however, in the quality of the food."" ""this is based on a take out experience, so please do not expect to dine "
1160,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? EAT IT, YOU'VE GOT US COVERED. WE DIDN'T EVEN BUY A SIZZLE BUT WE DIDN'T WORRY, THOUGH, WE MADE ENOUGH TO ORDER A HUGE PIZZA AND A SMALL SPOTFOLD. $39.99 for a HUGE PIZZA THAT MEANS SO MUCH TO US.  i ordered the meat and crust mix and i was immediately struck by how flavorful it was. i'm normally more of a pizza lover, but the mix was just right for me. my only complaint is that i wished there was more variety in the topping combinations they came up with. i would really appreciate it if they would come up with more of "
1161,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was very tasty indeed!  very clean place to come to and very friendly servers to speak to.  would definitely come back for another slice!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drink is out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, "
1162,5,Positive," This tasty pizza?! i thought it might be time to try my hand at making my own pizza ... so i decided to give it a try myself.  kinda disappointed in the lack of variety on the pizza's. some good slices, but nothing special. i recommend trying the more """"special"""" varieties instead.  some of the specialty pizzas really nice. can't wait to try those.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but that doesn't stop us. we ordered the mushroom pizza and warm cookies. the pizza was awesome! the frosted tips are sooo goooood! we ate the remaining food we brought with us and went back for dinner. "
1163,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, and their garlic bread, is a great staple when i'm in pittsburgh.   next time i'm in pittsburgh, i'll definitely stop back in and try those too.  i'll be back!"" ""i highly recommend this pizza! the homemade mozzarella appetizers are delicious and the crust is good. the rest of the pizza is very good! i think this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......or is it?!"" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. :)"" ""delicious pizza! i would definitely come back to this place. the pizza "
1164,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. tasty sauce, awesome crust and top. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas. offer is valid through 8/31/17. ordered mozzarella appetizers, amazing huge slices and a generic iceberg lettuce pizza. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  some good places that i've been to put a little medley of things, "
1165,5,Positive," This tasty pizza here. i recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, brutta!  you must try the antipasti minto. it's so good! i ate half with sausage and onions and it was still a delicious cheezy clean finish.  you really can't go wrong with the pizzas, and any small can be done in whole wheat dough which is great if you wanna be a bit healthier.   you'll need to bring your own cheese cheese with you, as there is no over/under cooking feature on this website."" ""i am a big big big fan of a good "
1166,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, the yummy sauce and the tuesday salad are always good! always polite and friendly :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! very neighborly! nice atmosphere and the rent is the lowest possible price. nice routine. what more could you possibly want."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! the neighborhood definitely gives it a homemade feeling. give it a try if you're in the mood to try something different."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he "
1167,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i thought their jalapeno bread was really goo!   we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing.  tucking away dessert after the cheesecake was a unique treat I will never forget.   we will definitely come back here.    it's basement level, but it had a vibe of being in the heart of it.  i can still taste the faint hint of magic from under the table.   <|endoftext|>We breastfed our son for three months straight, ate nothing but pizza and were not too strict on the portions. Three months later we still haven't had a pizza craving attack, although i do wish i could of taken a picture "
1168,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spicy salami and sauerkraut; all this rage? well, yes and yes but is it really that good? let me tell you what. we ate half and we were not disappointed.   we got lucky and ended up getting a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza and a mozzarella with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! it was fresh and it was thick enough to spread on the tortilla but not too thick and it still has a good chew. we really got just a plain ol' cheese pizza but there was more to it.think of it as a mini burger, less fatty and more filling, if you will "
1169,5,Positive," This tasty pizza of theirs was also quite good. i think the ratio of the ingredients was good.  i ordered the mushroom pizza and i was able to picture the distinctively chewy topping that came with the mushrooms.  in my case, that meant i got to eat two slices of pizza with a perfectly chewy topping and garlic bread on the side - and i sure as heck wasn't hungry at that moment.    i also tried one of the vegetarian pizzas, which was quite good too.   their vegetarian pizza is quite good too, though i prefer the milder burnished green.  the crust is soft, but it still has a decent amount of chew.  the topping is really tasty, especially with all the nutritional yeast "
1170,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we all love: tasty, cheap, and of course it tastes really good the next day. it was even tasty the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask them for the safe sharing tips! ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivol "
1171,5,Positive," This tasty pizza don't want to stop you from grabbing a bite for later!  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag).  i "
1172,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. huge slices for under $10 and they are delicious. also they have really good thin crust pizza (substitute pizza for $9). also there is a side of hot bbq sauce (rg bbq sauce for $7). lastly, the prices are the best i can find on this place.  they are extremely generous with their portions and are willing to go as far as to give away my pizza.  so for everyone who said they had an excellent pizza, i say slap that smile on your face and accept the inevitable $6 or $8 you will eat here.  my pizza was not dry nor was it icy cold.  it was delicious.  i left feeling very much refreshed and that is "
1173,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i think the restaurant just opened up so maybe they're still open monday night.  if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  one of the drivers we hired said he loved being a cab driver and that was all he wanted to share.  one of the tables that we had was elderly and clearly had the winter chill of 78 going on.  he took great delight in making old-fashioned hamburgers and cold cuts, and when my boyfriend had asked if he was sure he was sure he said no.  so, yeah.  definitely not a daily driver, but i definitely recommend tuesday and wednesday for a decent cold-calling deal."" ""finally made "
1174,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, the crust thin and perfect chewy crust, topped with kid sized slices of pepperoni, all with marinara sauce for dipping (I believe it is non-toxic) is a must try!  I also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course was wonderful, and the big apple pizza, which i believe has apples in it, although i haven't tried it.  you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you gonna do that??  you can build me a pizza or something.  i am a fan and i will most definitely be back."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of "
1175,5,Positive," This tasty pizza will keep you going all night long! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, "
1176,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too, but thicker and sauerkraut'd... i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way.  maybe because it's illegal, or because pizza sauce is a little on the pricey side, but i sure would like to try it.  pick your poison!  i'll be back!"" ""for those of you who still dont know what a bassinet it is, i want you to go to the official site and learn more. click here to go to the official site.  i found it hard to believe that this is still open after having lunch with my husband. we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and onions and added pepperoni. the pizza was amazing and they must have counted "
1177,5,Positive," This tasty pizza here. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizzas and the mild style deep dish. we also had the housemade crust pizza and the rotisserie chicken pizza. both were really tasty. thanks to greek yogurt we were able to add lots of fresh to every sip!  we will definitely return."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a couple of wings. the pizza was great and they were very generous with the toppings they gave us. we really got just a plain cheese pizza and some hot buns. we got lucky that our table ordered their food separately so we could try them both.   both the pizzas were amazing! the wings are very "
1178,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, what a treat! not only are the ingredients awesome, the pizza itself is awesome! i can't wait to try it without the mascarpone cheese grater!   the menu says they have pizza, but they really just have a pasta and salad buffet that is great for on-the-go meals.  i highly recommend taking a moment to try their sandwich or entree menus - they truly are an art and decor of their own!  take away the spaghetti and save the world some money!    take away the greasy spoon and all you eat together will be safe and delicious.  take away the extra greasy spoon and you're left with a delicious crust that you can eat cold or reheated "
1179,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that will please your pallette too!    bottom line:  good pizza, at a fair price.  if you want to try something different, go for the pizza that doesn't require one to be present other than to say hello and to share a slice.  will definitely return."" ""for the pizza 6 we got, we got lucky! the 6 inch pizza was delicious, and we got to try the mushroom pizza (used to be spaghetti and meat sauce). we thought it was a good go-to pie when we come to greek culture.       other than that, we got lucky! we got lucky with the lighting, the pizza was hot and fresh, and we got to m "
1180,5,Positive," This tasty pizza - the kind that ruins a good pizza with canned chicken and walnuts - is easy to make, takes just minutes to make, and the crust keeps a chewy consistency with a silky, almost pastry-like quality.   Once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.   when my husband and i first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a couple with little to no kids (ager 4 and under) it only took minutes to prepare dinner.   we sat at a large communal table and when my husband said he liked something he said he was free to opt out.   after asking him if he was sure he would he brought me a giant "
1181,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made even better by adding sesame seeds on the top and bottom. i'm not crazy about it one way or the other, but it is a great hack if you are a fan of cheezy fresh fruits and vegetables."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star hawaiian pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza.  the one here is it.  the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies "
1182,5,Positive," This tasty pizza? then you have my attention. good price/quality of food. good ny pizza. safe space for all ages. safe for work/school/everyone. just a great pizza. trust me, you will not be disappointed."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sa "
1183,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, ala zen garden, is cheap, it's fabulous!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing "
1184,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, fresh ingredients, and a decent price makes it our #1 choice when ordering pizza at a pizza parlor.  we also give them out free hot peppers on certain events.   anyone know of someone who has ordered from us and been disappointed?  we will definitely order from them again and I will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! i definitely would try this place again. the only problem was waiting for the food to arrive. so, i say if you want a quick bite while shopping, stop in and getting a table is a great place to go! ""i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i normally order takeout "
1185,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i think your friends will too!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is absolutely amazing and the garlic bread is delicious - especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter! the slices are large and you can have as many as you like! the dipping sauces are so tasty! superb! ""yummmmm! this is really good. i'm a little skeptical since they have been closed for so long but they seem to be doing a good job of it. good pizza, good prices, and they seem to be keeping it real. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best i've had from a """"fast casual"""" type of restaurant. highly recommend!"" "
1186,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my rematch raved about how well their pizza tasted and gave me a free family size! i'm not a real pizza lover so, i'm not one to complain, but i must say that this is a really tasty pizza and i definitely recommend it!"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge and it was delicious! it was also quite filling, so i ate part of it myself while being seated.   i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to "
1187,5,Positive," This tasty pizza ... you must try it!  as a vegetarian i have tried every possible combination of food on the menu that is vegetarian, but i typically will just stick to the pizzas and salad. the eggplant florentine is very good too, but the serving is enough to get you through 4 meals!  that is true with most of their food, really.   they are generous with the serving and you should feel free to ask for extra vegetables or meat if you so desire.  my only complaint is that i have not tried to capitalize on their great tomato sauce; all i know is that it is very good and it is cheap.  in a surprise though, the serving of spicy may be my new favorite!  my husband "
1188,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, complete with spicy salami and sausages, that just barely missed peeling.  we got lucky not to have ordered a table right away, but we ended up chatting with the owner and he was very friendly.  will definitely be back!"" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great and quickly made us a nice 1/2 pizza and 3/4 chicken combo. great combo meal for under $50 bucks and it was all we ordered. great pizza and great atmosphere."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat "
1189,5,Positive," This tasty pizza I ordered was almost too good to be true.  it was moist, not overly greasy, and totally acceptable on the go.  my boyfriend had also enjoyed the pizza, and they both loved their food.    i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a picnic Saturday morning, so we ordered a pizza and a salad. the pizza was great and we had a blast talking shopin' with the servers. we also ordered a smoked chicken sandwich and a sweet potato/citron salad. the pizza was awesome - of course i can't remember exactly which one we ordered, but it was a really good one and we enjoyed it both. we will definitely order from here again!"" "
1190,5,Positive," This tasty pizza must have taken longer to make because of the long waiters/waitresses. maybe there was something us occasional patrons was complaining about.  if you are a fan of good pizza and would like to try their pizza, you must go to fu.  you will have no problem enjoying the pizza or the rest of the giordanos."" ""giordano's is a favorite of mine.  it's located near campus with lots of parking and is very convenient if you are traveling with a large party.  however, the restaurant just got a lot busier and I found myself waiting for an hour or more just to get a table.  it would be nice to be walking on campus next time I am in hopes of catching a "
1191,5,Positive," This tasty pizza can easily be shared with a friend or ordered as a family size!  we highly recommend sharing this with the rest of the family as it is a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for!    if you are ever in las vegas, you must go to mr. gyro's - the pizza is fantastic!  xo, ""the pizza was really good! we are expecting to eat there again when i am back in town.  we ordered a large pepperoni and salami as well as a generic meat one.  the pizza was really thick and had a good amount of meat.  i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, "
1192,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and thin crust wings are just what the doctor ordered.  with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious.  both the tables that ordered pizza were young girls under 15 years old.  in my opinion, this is a great place for anything -- especially for groups of 8 or more!"" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat anapa pizza on this visit, but that  the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad "
1193,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  pizza sauce makes a good pizza, and this is a good, albeit a tad pricey, alternative.  I prefer buying the small amounts of pizza I crave.    the thin crust pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers makes a good leftoversie, and the thick or deep dish makes a great main.  add in some roasted vegetables and they become a delicious side with hummus and olives.   each of the types of pizza makes a good main, and any small can be done in whole wheat dough which is great if you wanna be a bit healthier.  i do wish another style of vegan dough, which I have never tried, was available to try.  my only complaint, and i know it's "
1194,5,Positive," This tasty pizza here. some of the best pizza i ever had. they bring in their own cheese, some sort of spicy ranch. not all of us are super fan but i think for the area and the quality of food that goes with it, its a win win situation. also they are very open and friendly so you can expect to ...  ... have a great time here and if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno... but be warned... i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun. not all of them... but there are a few that make you sniffle something fierce."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to "
1195,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a crispy hand and they magically transform it from sweet to savory in just a few moments.    I urge you to try their ""new york style"" pizza and the arugula salad. both were hand tossed and tasted. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we were greeted by a lovely woman who introduced us to the menu. we ordered mushroom pizza and a labor related item of mild interest. she explained that they bring in some lemons from the beach. we asked if they had any and they brought us a jar of the stuff that they make. we asked if they wanted us to wait for it or come back and "
1196,5,Positive," This tasty pizza unless it's like everywhere else's - that's a whole other story! my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over 30 minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome!  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  some good places that i've been to put a little medley of things, which it had but was just olives, and those green things that end in cini.  there's a place in seattle that i have yet to find which compares.  these guys put rice, "
1197,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is oh so make yourself at home. try it out!  we will definitely be back!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i thought it would be easier to just order a pizza and be good, but lo and behold! it is just that i've never had a pizza like this before. oh, and the wings? so so good! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so "
1198,5,Positive," This tasty pizza will please your pallette too.  according to their website: ""they have good thick crust pizza, just like we are looking for some good thin crust pizza. we were looking for a place to get together with friends to try some pizza and found this one quite popular with our party. we headed over and had the pizza specially made just for us. our very first tryst with our unwavering favorite pizzaiolo and giordano's cheese. well done!"" ""giordano's is a very local gem that i will forever treasure. i love the pizza and the guys who makes it are very friendly.   the wings are good too! the mozzarella appetizers and the extreme hot wings with fries and "
1199,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we ordered was also quite good.  crisp, fresh, and almost charred.  flavors werent overwhelmed by the noise of the tableclipping but rather by the subtle aroma of freshly picked basil and rose.  i could have sworn we picked up some roasted garlic bread from the grill.  all i ordered was 1/2 chicken mix, which was a sign i wasnt hungry and that i wasnt trying too hard.  my bf picked it off and handed it to me on the side - probably because he didnt want me to share and i could have sworn i took a bite of the garlic bread.  to be honest, i wish i had taken a bite because i think it's really nice a slice of garlic bread and if "
1200,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, and the 2pc chicken parm hoagie was also very tasty, though i don't know why all the garlic is garlic bread.  maybe because it's winter, or maybe because it was homemade, but it was still delicious.    garlicky, fragrant, and somehow calzonese, somehow tasteful, somehow just a touch salty, but nothing could prepare me for the pizza's that followed.    the garlic knots that came with the chicken mix was delicious. we really liked the mediterranean pizza with hummus and spinach.  also, tried the cannoli with feta.  it was quite possibly the most amazing thing i have ever tasted and it was not overly sweet "
1201,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, definitely on the pricey side, but well worth it!  great sauce, tasty toppings, and an awesome crust.  i usually get two slices of pizza, or a small side of sauce.  i really want this place to succeed.  gastronomy is great, and so are the prices.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and small fries with pepperoni, sausage, and onion., great fries!! and the best pizza i have ever had in my life when i eat a fresh mozzarella appetizer with peppersoni, sausage, and onion., so so so good "
1202,5,Positive," This tasty pizza for the money! 12 kinds of toppings on a pizza that will please your pallette. 12 kinds of meats on the menu that will please your hangups. large fries best eaten with pepperoni and sausages. very tasty pepperoni and garlic bread. lots of great vegan options (fuze it with spinach, artichoke, or chilis). many salad or sandwich options (ham, cheese, or olives). many to choose from (ricotta, spinach, eggplant, or mango). great on the go breakfast!   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8 "
1203,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you are going to love it! garlic knots are great and the thin crust makes it very tasty. they were even kind enough to give it a homemade frosting. i really want this place to succeed.  there are a lot of great new york style pizza places in the mid west and this place is going to be a regular for many years to come.  i will be back."" ""yummmmm!  the food is amazing, the drinks are good, and the joint itself is great. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it.  I got a slice of the patty cake with cheese on it and it was absolutely to die for.  there was also a very tasty sauce "
1204,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great atmosphere and the service (alex) was by far the best we had during our entire stay.  overall, we  enjoyed our stay and will definitely return."" ""came here on an afternoon to have some lunch. we ordered Neapolitan pizza and a garlic bread appetizer. the pizza was fantastic and we were so hungry after just one slice we went straight to the restaurant. we ordered more pizza and garlic bread while explaining our predicament on how to pay for it. we were starving and had just finished cutting the cheese when a customer came in and gave us a huge slice of pizza we should have taken home.  anyways, we sat back and enjoyed the meal.  "
1205,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Try my stuffed crust -- made even better by adding spinach, artichoke hearts, and mozzarella cheese!   you want to talk to the waiter? you bet your ass he wont judge you.   you want to go back and try some more? well, there's your fix:   mixed drinks + table service =  pizza envy =)   price:  pizzas are very reasonably priced (especially if you are a first-timer ordering out) so i highly recommend you try it out!   if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard margherita or even a pepperoni and basil cheese italiano!  "
1206,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is topped with baby pepperonis, sausage, and onion.,,really a lovely dish if you ask me. I think it goes well with the spaghetti and meatballs. a note on the MSG: too much of a good thing? too many ingredients? too much of a bad thing? i don't know, maybe because i'm not home when the pizza is made but all i ordered was a dollop of powdered milk on the side and they all made sips of the coolant. not a big deal to me. other than that, great pizza. i'll definitely come back and try those. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for "
1207,5,Positive," This tasty pizza didn't have a fried egg on it, but that's what it was called. they were calling it a smoked pepperoni, and i thought it was tasty. so i had!  they added some chilli flakes to it, which was a nice touch they don't bring in their own chilli oil.  it also didn't break us.  we ordered a cheesecake and a strawberry cheesecake, and they were great too.  we need one more pizza and/or desert shop across the street and we can officially call this stretch of coronado bordering 7th street: the pie district."" ""excellent pizza -- the best delivery i've had. tasty and not too greasy.   love the restaurant's emphasis "
1208,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, so must anyone that eats there!! we ordered mushroom pizza and he had it all wrong. he said he was sorry and that he would give it back to him. we said we wanted to go a different route and ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really. i'm amazed they keep coming back to this place.  i will definitely come back here! the pizza was good, maybe slightly ahead of its pizza counterpart but still tasty. i had the pepperoni cheese bread with pepperoni and it was delicious. maybe because it was new york, but the pizza here has a lot of flavor.   it was also a great price. i thought it would be a little pricier than a dollar and "
1209,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you guys make me want to order from them again. i gotta say i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you guys could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza when it came.)  the pizza was also quite good. i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza. my only complaint, "
1210,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, paired with a badass sangria shot, and a well-done burger, makes you look like a midnight snack, not suprisingly coming from a small town in central santa fe."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building about 2+ yrs ago and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the atmosphere is pleasant and comfortable, particularly if you're already inside the aria district (which it is)."" ""piola is near queen and dp, a bit far from the downtown core. but since there is no subway or local delivery, they bring you some pizza from their own oven.  i recommend people to get their "
1211,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!   a regular sized pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us "
1212,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, no matter how big or small. no matter what your craving is.  it's yours to keep and transform into a delicious your favorite pizza, but i'd rather have a homemade pizza with sesame seeds on it and whole pieces of bacon on top with hummus on the bottom - ya'll got me wrong, i absolutely love bacon (and all the other cured meats) but this makes it so much better.)"" my deliverer was fast and nice.   the pizza was delicious.  we chatted a bit about pizza.   i don't know if i would order this from their pizza menu, but they did a good job of putting me in mind of their typical pizza.    "
1213,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you're gonna love it too. :o)"" whenever my wife has a pizza craving she will go to a local pizza joint and pay homage to the late great amanda pitt with a custom made pizza that she will absolutely love. when my son was in the house he requested a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! the wedges are very good and the crust smooth and delicious!! we always get a slice of pizza with everything and the wedges are perfectly baked and fried!! we always order delivery although they are always fast!! they always have good customer service!  i highly recommend these guys!!"" ""always delivering fresh ingredients to your table. at a grocery "
1214,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is encased in a perfectly baked crust and topped with fresh mozz. deep fried risotto balls crispy on the top and soft inside, and topped with thick slices of meat sauce. the flavors were amazing - i think the spice mix helped prop up the flavors a bit. the parmesan cheese was delicious and the crust was chewy and delicious. thanks to sriracha latte artichoke dip for dipping - definitely a must try! if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard cocktail - it was definitely more of a kid's show, albeit a good one!  xoxo, jacob, and jordan!"" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while "
1215,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was also very tasty!  crisp, flavorful crust with real fresh ingredients and perfectly blended cheese.  they use fresh ingredients which is important when ordering out.  I also tried one with pesto and it was delicious too!  everything was delicious!  I can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i usually order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously. my go to is a medium pizza with pepperoni, tomato, and garlic bread. but my friends and i wanted to go a different route and ordered to go. they came out swinging with a large slice of pizza I could have of been a little bit more adventurous but everything "
1216,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered us a beer to remember! :)"" don't want to say too many things positive as i don't want it to get too crowded.  great pizza and salads. very neighborly! highly recommend! ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great salad and great breadsticks. highly recommend the eggplant pizza. the dough is made fresh! the salad pizza looks good, although i haven't tried it."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the "
1217,5,Positive," This tasty pizza just added to the great pizza selection at a fraction of the price! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i "
1218,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has an amazing sauce that makes it taste even better the next day. we especially loved the mediterranean pizza!   the rest of the menu looks really delicious, but i don't know how many people know they have a full menu.  people may think this is a bar only, yet there appear to be some really nice entrees as well.  i'll need to come back and try those.  also, the margarita or white is awesome too, but i prefer the milder, nuttier taste (if you can stomach the milder flavor).  we will definitely come back here.   i definitely learned a thing or two from my last visit."" ""i felt that the pizza was good, "
1219,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has an unforgettable flavor. we love playing dress up and throwing parties at this pizza joint.  we also love supporting local companies that make awesome pizza! Last but not least, I would definitely support a location that allows you to drink your aquafina all you want (although i do wish there was a cooler with me).  my husband and i both love their dinners.    bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it would be nice to stop by and try something different."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go "
1220,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that was way to tasty!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice.this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch "
1221,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was so tasty, i can still taste the tomato slices and i'm quite okay with that.    they were short on space so they decided to pass it along to the next table.  unfortunately that meant they had to leave their menu behind which is kind of sad since i thought they were great.  anyway, i ordered a pizza and a large salad with no extra toppings (i think they come pre-packaged with all the toppings you want) - what a thoughtful and delicious thing to do.  they give a good amount of salad!  i ate my 4pc chicken mix with extra sauce on it, feta, tomatoes, red bell pepper, olives, and sausages (my kids love sausage "
1222,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, what a treat! I can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and my mouth isn't watering. give it a try soon and the only problem you'll have is trying to remember to ask for the spicy salami part anymore. :)"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and "
1223,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered. i'll tell you more about it tomorrow."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great "
1224,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really a fun place.  great pizza and happy hour specials.  private rooms and board games also available.  all this activity and you still have breakfast to go? _ yes, yes, yes!"" 4.25/5! definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to vegan pizza! recommend the mushroom pizza and the marinara pizza! highly recommended! ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable, though a touch understaffed.  i would like to try the diav "
1225,5,Positive," This tasty pizza on the strip has a solid crust and soft bottom texture that is not overly oily with every bite. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms "
1226,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is very filling and i really like the shape it takes. they need to freshen up their pizza and add some more garlic bread toppings to it more often.  my husband always gets pizza of the day, either he cleans it or he gives it to me.  in the many times i've ordered from britney no. 1 i have never had a bad order.  the garlic bread was really tasty and they really need to figure out how to make it without going crazy over the noise.  they could easily be renamed to something more fitting for their location.  also, i really need to know how to make convection pizza, because it was so delicious this way.  all the food yum."" "" "
1227,5,Positive," This tasty pizza at a ""normal price"". pizza is good, maybe a little too good for my taste. but $8.99 is a good ol' boy wage in my opinion.  there are a few booths in the back with a small selection of pizzas, sauces, and toppings. the pizza here is 95% correct.  the other 5% is just gravy, which is nice.  wings are nice and spicy, especially on the hot end.  ice cream is simple and delicious.  cherry tomatoes are delicious and quite handy for dipping.  cornmeal is not too greasy or it becomes quite oily.  i really got nothing but good from this place. i will definitely come back!"" "
1228,5,Positive," This tasty pizza needed no additional toppings, apart from some extra large pepperoni slices.  it was delicious, and i swear by this pizza I will never go hungry again!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. theres tons of great entrees too, some of which i highly recommend!  my kids love their meat lovers and cheese curds, and their vegetarian pizza is awesome too!  i definitely recommend this place to my friends and family!  it is definitely a must go to!!! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or "
1229,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered "
1230,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was so tasty, i can still taste the tomato sauce and the garlic bread crunch.  the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy.  i like a little more of a fresh fruit flavor, but this was still delicious.  i am a fan of this simple yet delicious pizza and will continue to go back!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.  i would definitely go here again on a cool fall day with a group of 5-8 kids and eat from my pizza shared equally.  my friends and i both had pizzas and they were equally good.    we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all "
1231,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. has everything you could possibly want and more. forever updated on menu and in-store. now you can have the pizza you love and be as healthy as possible because it's baked in your own oven. locally sourced ingredients in small portions that you can keep for up to 3 nights in a row. no artificial flavors, no colors, no flavorsome sauces, and no preservatives. just real, fresh ingredients with stellar homemade sauces and toppings. who else sells you a pizza like this? ""super yummy pizzas and salads! i had the lambretta special pizza and the 6-cheese combi. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in "
1232,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  see for yourself!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i thought it was a little far for my tastes, but boy was i wrong! the house made pizza was delicious, along with the sweet bbq sauce that came with it. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but someone had to try it and i am so glad that they did! the sweet bbq sauce is to die for and so is the fire roasted red pepper flakes.  darn! to die for again i would order "
1233,5,Positive," This tasty pizza should be on every pizza lover's must-try list!  now on to the food! as much pizza as i eat i should be considered an expert and that i'm lucky enough to eat a lot of different types of pizza makes me a different kind of expert.  therefore i'll be giving this recipe 5 stars rather than 8 because i haven't tried every possible combination of food on the menu.  if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up, especially if you want to eat here alone.  i highly recommend trying the pizza too though it would be nice to be able to share one with my three kids.  they are all sald, so i guess that counts as a ' "
1234,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza and the balance between cheesy-sauce and fresh herbs, but it was tasty all around.  tried one of the specialty pizzas, the chicago style, which is really tasty! i also tried the mushroom pizza, which is really tasty!  they were out of my usual pizza, but they were still good! i'll be back!"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the beer wiener, which was quite good.   right next to it is a restaurant/club space with a few tables for sitting "
1235,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a delicious garlic spread, onions, tomatoes, and spinach. they add pepperoni, which is nice since i'm a sucker italiane. the slices are pretty big, and i like to eat them whole. if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest splitting those with a friend or ordering them as a family sized pie. i definitely recommend splitting those with your family as well, it's a whole different type of deliciousness. you really can't go wrong!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come "
1236,5,Positive," This tasty pizza the dough tastes just like pizza on amsterdam's crust. great toppings and crust.  i chose the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the mild spicy sauce. the latter was delicious, too.  when my boyfriend had asked if i was serious about ordering pizza solely because it was so tasty, i sure didn't try too many of the other options.   i definitely got a good pizza, though. meatballs are very good.   hate to say i didn't try hard, but the pizza just didn't cut it for me.    i'll definitely return, though. i think the pizza was even better yesterday."" ""i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. "
1237,5,Positive," This tasty pizza i recently had was a nice personal touch from nyc!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.  i appreciate that attentiveness because it really shows that everyone is having a great time.  in my opinion, it's the best pizza i've ever had in my entire life in this area.   the classic margherita or mod pizza also very good!  i love the idea of using fresh ingredients instead of canned.  the sauce is so good!!    it was so crowded when i arrived that i could have sworn there was some sort of meltdown, but i couldn't tell you for sure.  everyone was "
1238,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and double chees is obviously worthy of a spot on a pizza wheel."" ""i can still taste the horseradish from a mile away.  that sweet, nuttiness is still on point.  i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese is still good and the crust doesn't disappoint."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for "
1239,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! we love the theme of oregano's. what more could you possibly want."" ""one of the best pizzas in the area. we had the mushroom pizza and the italian-style pizza. we also had the marinara pizza with salami and spinach. both were fabulous. the real deal!!! ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cle "
1240,5,Positive," This tasty pizza just took awhile to make and it was a great dish for just that. they deserve so many pluses!!!!!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated parm and pepper flakes, but also hot oil. i also asked for a side of sauce (my pizza didn't have it on it) and they brought some with no problem. the space is bright and really welcoming, and the people are friendly. will definitely be back!"" ""the idea behind this place is "
1241,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  all the food was so hot when i took a bite i thought it was bubblegum but i was wrong. the crust is crispy, the toppings are delicious, and the cheese is gooey and melted. i am not crazy about this style of bubblegum flavored cheese but i'll stick with the regular cheddar kraft style because i like the texture "
1242,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that will keep you going all night long! the tuesday rolls are also really tasty! good place to go!!!"" super yummy pizza and salad  fab de matemt! both of them were under 30 minutes to arrive. fab de matemt was so good! i had the pizza with pepperoni and sausage and it was delicious!  the salad was big for a small salad and it was perfectly chopped and put together!  the crispy hand-cut fries are also delicious!  and the crust is made fresh!  under 30 minutes to arrive!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down "
1243,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! we had the lambretta special pizza and the 5"""" pork green chili gringo sandwich. i was intrigued by the emphasis on the ingredients as opposed to the prepackaged variety that i've come across elsewhere. my only complaint, and i know it's coal oven pizza, is that the edge of our pizza crust was very burnt. the bottom wasn't, but the edge of about half was extremely blackened. i think it needed spun more in the oven while cooking to even it out. but i'd still definitely return, it was delicious! i'll be back again and again! :)"" ""my husband and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a large pizza and an after dinner chat. food "
1244,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!!!  loved the garlic knots too!  great brunch spot - definitely go there!  great food and amazing atmosphere."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was a little bit impatient a little while waiting for us. we waiteders followed suit, and we all waited for about 5 minutes before anyone finally came over and took our order.   i chose the mushroom pizza and i was a little skeptical since it says it's handmade but it really wasn't. we got a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach and it was really good. we got another one with spinach and onions and it was really tasty too. we got the spicy mushroom oil and "
1245,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! i love everything i've had so far! the family and I both had afternoons of pizza, and the kids had a cheesecakeshineto rub together afterwards.  pretty liberal servings, considering the price tag.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" came in during lunch. pretty busy inside but nice atmosphere has a really nice patio seating area. got the garlic knots as an appetizer very good! got the pepperoni pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion Very good!   very friendly servers and very good pizza! will definitely come back here! ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for "
1246,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  bell pepperoni, sausage, onion and garlic bread with topped with baby pepperonis, spinach, tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms and fresh herbs.  it was delicious.  i scarfed down my two slices and headed back out the door.    will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly conf "
1247,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Let me tell you it was delicious!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of these things make you feel like a million bucks!    you may have noticed that my pizza doesn't have a cheese pizza on it.  that's because i ordered mine without cheese on it.  if you don't like the spicy feta, you can always bring your own can of chickpeas.  i definitely recommend you try it if you are ever in romper room mode.  but if you are looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + mozzarella or a vegan pepperoni pizza with spinach.  "
1248,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was delivered in 3 days. the pizza was super tasty, had a great flavor, and it was cheap (they gave it to me). i definitely recommend this place to anyone! i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was "
1249,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has an awesome sauce, it is fluffy, it is gooey, it is mostly cheese (which is okay by me), but there is a slight sauce that tastes great with some fresh herbs...trying to figure out which was which lol.  given that some seem messy and burnished in some areas, we will definitely come back and try those.  also, FYI: some of these pizza places seem to be open late, we will be monitoring that closely.  if you are in search of fancy """"gourmet"""" pizza, go elsewhere.    we will definitely come back and try those again!    it is not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. "
1250,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a crispy hand and melts into yummy sauce. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they deserve it. next time youre in pittsburgh, youll want to stop by and try some of their pizza! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i "
1251,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. we both wanted to try the mushroom pizza and i was kind of skeptical since there isn't a lot of information on the internet but wow was i surprised by how good the pizza was!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly mashed mushrooms and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i can still taste the garlic in my breath, it was fresh and i dare i say i tasted a hint of garlic...?  it was magic!  everything was awesome and i'll be posting pictures of it too.  if you are ever in my area be sure to stop by and i would definitely recommend spark's pizza!"" ""it's not that i'm 9 months "
1252,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spicy salami and great sauce (from the jar of pasta) that makes you want to keep eating. we got lucky & got a table to try the pizza abode.   tableside was packed with students and grognardale was the only place left standing after the students cleared out.    next time we are in cleveland, we will definitely stop back in. we will definitely return.   it was a great visit, we will definitely come back!"" ""cleveland is a beautiful town with a long and storied history. it's also one of the most expensive places to visit. i highly recommend the georgian pizza and the fondo. the pizza was delicious and the service "
1253,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  was a bit pricey though.  price was good, quality of food excellent.  a win-win situation! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a "
1254,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was also a hit at their pizza hut counter, who thought it was hkelly good and so did we! we can't wait to try it next time we come back!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  "
1255,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i think its time to open a pizza parlor in the plaza hotel?  seller beware, but try it out and raise $$$ if you must.  pricey ingredients, high quality pizza, and good customer service.  might as well open aiello's on rd and raise $10 dollar signs outside as you do inside."" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site "
1256,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was reduced to rib eye width and fork tender on the edges. thin crust pizza was also reduced in number of toppings to save money. both the pizza's were amazing!    tell your friends! i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover who is looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the theme of oregano's. we ordered parmesan chicken with chili and garlic salami and it was awesome!  "
1257,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was outstanding!  very friendly driver, awesome attitude.  he went out of his way to make sure we are taken care of throughout our entire evening.  highly recommend! ""good pizza, great staff! we just ordered a couple of pizzas and a couple of wings, and they were fantastic!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned perfectly with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of which were perfectly blended and seasoned.  a fresh mozzarella cheese, which we ate on the go as a favor, and a huge slice of pepperoni pizza, all of which we ate in one sitting.  i would order both again.  food is amazing, and i will be back""  "
1258,5,Positive," This tasty pizza but a little pricey. Suggest bringing your own soda or energy drink. we did not make any recommendations."" ""pizza was pretty authentic but not the best. i got to try a few things and am still looking for a pizza that will do us well in the area."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had cheese pizza, meatball sub, meatball pizza 13-, 14-, and 15-inch pizzas, as well as a generic pasta based on ingredient lists. i also tried the spicy diavola sauce which was amazing. it darkened the pizza and gave it a real taste of cloves. they also give you a free container of sauce which i highly recommend. for my very first custom built "
1259,5,Positive," This tasty pizza i warned you of was coming soon after we'd finished ordering.  it arrived exactly at 7:30 with our milkshake and hot cookies in hand.  i was a bit skeptical since there aren't a lot of places in the las vegas area offering milkshakes this good.  but my hot cookie and milkshake were still hot when I got home and the delivery dude was a bit cool headed.    while this place does their job as a great pizza parlor, they aren't without their faults.  especially when it comes to delivery."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the mushroom pizza and the mushroom mix was just as delicious. good wine "
1260,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that will squash your pesky tummy! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" "" "
1261,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, along with tasty hand-cut fries and a simple salad, makes a great main course. Try some of the specialty pizzas as well.   we both love their nachos...and their jalapeno miso...and their meat mixture pizza...and their bbq chicken pizza...and their flake pastas...and their cesar salad...and their fiesta salad...and their greek salad...and their petite pizza...and their grilled meat sandwiches...and their vegetarian pizzas...and their tofu pizza...and their seitan pizza...and their vegetarian pizza...and their tofu sampler...and their vegetarian soup...and their hummus...and their mediterranean salad...and their pizza rings...and "
1262,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is a nice side with a nice dollop of spicy salami.  it is also the type of pizza that you need to be home for dinner on a lazy sunday.  hence the 2 hr wait sign on the door.   i walked in a few minutes before 11:30 and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when i got there and the tables were pretty packed when i left.  i was a bit shocked by the lack of customers - most likely because there was no one else here to order from.  since there was no one else to choose from, I guess i will have to try another location - but if i were you, i would definitely return. "
1263,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely perfect for sharing... especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix... because you never know!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. "
1264,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! paired with a caesar salad and plenty of tzatziki (i think it tastes better without the garlic oil). the prosciutto was delicious and the ambrosia was great. they gave it a try by pressing a few buttons on the remote. we will definitely be back!"" ""did you know that there are over 400 varieties of fresh fruits and vegetables in the United States? that there are over 400 kinds of dried fruits and vegetables in the United States? that over the past 300 years there have only been about 20 or so countries that produce and market fresh fruits and vegetables? that over the past 300 years the average American has eaten just plain fruits and vegetables? that over the past 300 years the average person in the United "
1265,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, so so so filling.  we ordered the mushroom pizza and hot lips (i remember pineapple as one of the toppings). hot lips was quite an amusing name!). they deliver it to your door, and they're pretty good at recognizing when they've got something special going. we were not disappointed."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, "
1266,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, the kind of tasty pizza you can't help but share and the homeless guys helping themselves to some great pizza too! i can't complain - we really did enjoy ourselves there and i'll be back.    piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. i will definitely return but with a little more distance, there may be a better choice."" ""great pizza, great price. it's located near sportsplex, a great spot for a quick bite while shopping.   the dough is great, and the price is right for what you order. we always have a great product and they always have good service.   keep up the great work!"" ""always friendly "
1267,5,Positive," This tasty pizza here is ""better late than never"" type pizza. they usually make it a little later that night so i am assuming it is good too. my favorite is the real deal, it's the real deal."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, "
1268,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, the oven a little warm, but it's all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the rest lol.    the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. my granddaughter "
1269,5,Positive, This tasty pizza is served in a world famous fresh ingredients - ingredients that actually taste good! the sauce is well seasoned which is also a must! when my dad had asked if he meant to say 2 liter he said no. so now that he has asked if he means to say 2 liter he says he is more like 5/6ths correct.  therefore leaving me with a 5/6ths chance of absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely not giving a s**t.  therefore leaving me with a 5/6ths chance of absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely not giving a s**t.  therefore leaving me with a 5/7ths chance of absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely not giving a s**t.  therefore leaving me with a 5/8ths 
1270,5,Positive, This tasty pizza tasted just like pizza in  new york ;o; so is it any good here ?  we got lucky & got a table one day when my husband was waiting for me at the curb. we ordered a high quality meat- and it was good. we got lucky to get a table that big since there were only about 5 or 6 other people there. i can't remember exactly which one of the others we got but it was a good one. we got lucky to have ordered from a restaurant that we like and that we like to go to very heavily.   we got lucky that our table got to know people and we started going back again.   it would have been nice to have a little place to get 
1271,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, right on time for lunch.  we ordered the garlic bread appetizer and the main course entree.  prayers and well wishes."" ""just left and it was my second visit. i really love everything i've ordered so far! the garlic bread, the thick slice, the pizza with pepperoni and sausage, the wedges and the pizza with pepperoni, onion and sweet white onions. i really liked the pepperoni and i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i really love all the restaurants in this area and go here often. great pizzas, great pizza and the coolest employees ever! the pizza is amazing and the chicken fingers are amazeballs!  i "
1272,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. 👍👍👍 this is awesome! """""" requested comment from tipo 16.7 ""help!!! i just found out my husband is a huge XCOM fan and i must say he is a real gamer himself. i was curious since he only drinks soda water and once told me he was a heavy gamer he must have been a bit of a dipshit lol. i was wondering if there was a table for us to come in and eat while we waited for his call. no worries, we are guaranteed a seat on the right side of the room so we can eat, drink, and geek out over these epic tits of war. well, at least until they pull out the robot."" ""supposedly a bar, but "
1273,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i think its hard to find good pizza!! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we did both! delicious pizza and margarita pizza was also very good!  i really wish i had taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks as they were so unique!  all the other food i had great, but i only ate half!  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the menu shows that they are a little ways away, so we called to check "
1274,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  bacon wrapped around luigi's is what brings you to this spot.  10 minutes walk from the strip along 32nd street and you'll have your fix of pizza.    you will have an awesome slice of pizza, too! i highly recommend this place for your next pizza craving!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend "
1275,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we all love! Great pizza place to come back to. """""" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should "
1276,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, what a treat! I'm a sucker for a good slice of pizza on the go, especially one that'll keep me full all day long.  we also ordered a pasta and sandwich where i was shocked by how good the garlic balls were. they were incredibly flavorful, almost like real pizza. we need more garlic balls please.  we'll be back."" ""delicious pizza! i had the pasta dinner with sausage and mushrooms and it was very very good! the pizza was also very good! i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it. something else I wanted to try. my dad had the pizza special (ricotta and spinach) and he said it was quite possibly the best pizza he "
1277,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was prepared by the pros and it was done right!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a great inspiration!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this "
1278,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, <span class=""brownie"">minutes after you order your pie you will hear a loud pop!</span> on your phone or computer you will see a couple of icons - one for your email and one for your menu. <span class=""purple"">under no circumstances should you eat here without at least trying the pizza first thing in the morning</span><span class=""lgbtqtl newson reddit"">[</span><a href=""http://www.reddit.com/r/pizza/comments/zhxbqo/i_eat_this_too_much_tomato_reduced_fat_and_saturated/cdmtue9/?utm_content=feed%3 "
1279,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered almost immediately? Turned out great! we ate half today, had the other half later that night and felt great afterwards. also, they give away is when you buy 3 meals you get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza, some good fresh pizza, some good local pizza, and some good national pizza. highly recommended!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because "
1280,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  crust thin, sauce thin, what's not to like about this place!    we ordered the arugula pizza and the white pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions. the arugula was very good! i can't remember exactly what kind of spinach it was, but it was really good! i think it might have been because i ordered a jar of the spicy salami, which caused me to drool several times.   the white was decent, too. just a touch salty. we both liked the food. i might go back and try the pizza again, but i think i'll stick "
1281,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too. omg so nostalgic right? i can't stop eating it. sometimes when im in pittsburgh i feel like a lot of things are happening simultaneously. i feel like i am in california. maybe that is because it was once again my only option but i was forced to look up the nearest domino's in my area and ordered a custom pizza. which reminds me, i should probably bring a can of congas with me when i retire. ""this pizza is absolutely amazing. we are officially addicted to this pizza. seriously, go try it. you will thank me."" ""awesome place. went to his birthday dinner with friends and family. was a little chilly outside but absolutely perfect inside. gave us both "
1282,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and joint opening soon so be on the lookout for that! we found it hard to find good pizza joints in las vegas and decided to try them out.   today we ordered one of every pizza that they have and they were a perfect fit. we got a large cheese pizza, lots of vegetables, some meatballs and a medley of cheeses.   their meatballs were very good!  crispy, not mushy, and perfectly melted.  the vegetarian was delicious and had a nice vegetal taste.  we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about you!"" super yummy pizza and the right amount of sauce. new york style thin crust pizza. lots of sauces "
1283,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? then come back tomorrow and we will try again! i highly recommend trying their regular chicago stuffed style instead of the chicago stuffed with meat! i actually like the pizza less where the meat is concerned, but it is still tasty and some of these peppers are very good!   for those of you who still don't know what a pizza is, i'm saving you a google search: you type in ""fast casual pizza"" and it takes less than 5 seconds to find the best pizza place to eat. let me tell you, this is true. we were there early for dinner on a wednesday and it was a dine in, drink in, seat by seat selection from the menu.   i ordered "
1284,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that will squash your sweet tooth and make you want to vomit. the sauce on this pizza is so dark, it makes you want to spit it out - but i stick with hot bianca! the hot bianca is delicious, too. the slices are huge and i love that they are pre-made to order. my only complaint is that i have yet to determine if all of the flavors are packaged correctly. if you look closely, you can clearly see the tiny trace of garlic that was included in the box of ingredients.  if you want to know the truth, i would recommend asking in the future if i was reccommended. at least you got a hot bianca while you were here."" ""we ordered "
1285,5,Positive," This tasty pizza for the price it's a great value with great food. highly recommended. 3 stars instead of 5 because of location size. it could be so much more if moved to a larger location. but, start small and grow super pizza bros."" ""excellent new york style pizza with great toppings and an ok selection of local ingredients. take away a giant slice for $5!  absolutely the most affordable dining option in sunny new york with superb views of the city.   the thin crust pizza was very tasty with just a dash of garlic and it came with lots of crushed garlic clove.   the thick or deep dish was also very tasty with just a touch of garlic and it came with crushed garlic "
1286,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was prepared to order and just as we were finishing putting away the leftovers, my boyfriend walked in with a large pizza on him! we took it out of the oven and he flipped it upside down so we could try it. good pizza, good sauce, good pizza...whenever I need a good pizza i'll be coming back."" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. walking distance is cool too, i'll definitely stop back in.   we'll be back to try more pizzas.  we were there early for dinner "
1287,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? it's here to stay. we ordered a pizza and a small salad for under $50 bucks and it was fantastic. we wish we had taken a picture so you could see the pizza she ate, but it was delicious as it was and it was all we ordered.  we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about this place."" super yummy pizza and the service was great. we had cheese pizza and a large pizza we can share. they were both fantastic. ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about "
1288,5,Positive," This tasty pizza not only is tasty, it's cheap as well.  making us both happy we both went back for more. ""good thin crust pizza. we had cheese pizza, a large salad, some chicken tenders, some pepperoni and we went with the spinach dip. good stuff."" ""i went here for the first time tonight. i was excited to try something new york style since i was a kid. luckily my boyfriend had ordered from us and we decided to try it. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though. i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing mature food. we got lucky to be walking by "
1289,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! samples of the many types of pizza that can be had. authentic to the strip. great for date night or to bring with you when meeting people for coffee! recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.    your companion also needs to know about the pizza as well; it's a very unique and delicious product that will have you coming back for more!    you must try this!"" ""my bro got us a table at this place after forwarding me their post on yelp.  we walked right in on a saturday evening, no reservations or extras.  we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and "
1290,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with shaved parmesan and sausages, and sweet pepperoni, and he said that it was probably his favorite of the bunch.  so, maybe it's karma...but i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a "
1291,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and awesome service will make you feel at home from the start.  we will be back again and again."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend "
1292,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and soft serve was such a hit!  can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in "
1293,5,Positive," This tasty pizza tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. ""so all the round table pizza "
1294,5,Positive," This tasty pizza tasted even better the next day!  thank you so much!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it!  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas "
1295,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, together with some seriously good pizza artichoke hearts and marinara cheese, makes you want to eat pizza all the time.   it's not coccia house, obviously – but what is – and there is more to it than meets the eye – and if you are ever in my area, you will definitely want to stop by and try their pizza. oh, and did i mention the price? it's the cheapest dining option at aria, and the monopoly machines are right there.   for my very first event at coccia house, i highly recommend people to bring a pepperoni pizza!  i had no idea they had that much stuff.  i will be back; it was an awesome experience.""  "
1296,5,Positive," This tasty pizza tonight! not one of the best pizza places in the strip, but they always have a good pizza and it is a pretty affordable shop.   they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to ask for the spicy oil. lastly, be sure to leave room for the delicious tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked "
1297,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that tasted just like pizza you get at the grocery store, only better!!!!!!!!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really "
1298,5,Positive," This tasty pizza deserves to be around for a long time.  it's quick to make, has a tasty crust and a good amount of ingredients.  the sauce is so so so good!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is absolutely delicious and the owners are very on point to make sure you are satisfied. if you are ever in wendy's location, please let us know! ""we love deep dish and deep fried chicken tenders. we also love the theme of oregano's. which brings me to my next point...  ...  ...  ...  ...  ...  we are delivery junkies for this place.  i order everything possible on the delivery menu and then "
1299,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for? yes, we finally made it this past weekend.  we went to michigan's on lp, which was fun since i was visiting from out of town.  we ordered the mushroom pizza and hot lips (i remember hating those).  my gf got chicken tenders and i got the pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers.  my brain just couldn't help but go into hyper mode and try those.  my bf got a few slices of cheese on his pizza and we shared it with the rest of the table.  everyone laughed at first, but we all loved the pizza and the mild garlic butter sauce.  my gf had a slice of the spicy salami that came with it and i had "
1300,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, all kinds of toppings and a small delivery fee. i was intrigued by the small pizza that came with half of it (12 toppings) but experienced none of the conditions depicted in other reviews.  therefore, i am giving it a thumbs up because it offers some unique toppings.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i also tried the antipasti minto, which of course was delicious.   red plumber was the only un "
1301,5,Positive," This tasty pizza (my fave!)!!  very friendly and prompt even when ordering pizza!!  great place to eat after a night of drinking!  highly recommend!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the best chicken fettuccine in the city. the best pizza sauce in the country. the best chicken wrap in the world!!! im addicted!!! ""i recently visited the site and was impressed by the large selection of pizza options available.  i was a little skeptical when my father told me the pizza they offer is ""too good to be true.""  only because i "
1302,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, the slaw is incredibly gooey and goes well with almost any salad. it also has a great profile of giving you that crucial boost of fiber you need to fuel you through the day. we did some research and it appears that many people subsist on this type of pizza. i am not crazy about it but i love the idea of a personal chef cooking pizza for me. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was amazing!  it was so good and so delicious!  i didn't try much of anyone else's pizzas and can't speak to much more other than they looked good, they "
1303,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a keeper! i recommend the tomato pizza and the mild pizza with spinach.  spinach is a great nutrient dense food that gives it a great flavor profile. the mild is also tasty with half of it topped with tomato sauce.  you must try the pizza qorma! it is tasty with any combination of ingredients and the right amount of sauce. i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it is a little intense to handle but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & dried fruits...i think that is genius!   you will have your pizza, at least for the next few months."" ""my take "
1304,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  relish in the fact that this is a great pie for anytime of the day, whether you're in town for a work/pleasure trip, or you just want to pick up a pizza and a can of tahitian treat for under $50 -  we totally recommend this place.   as always, feel free to call or go online to place your order; i'll be happy to oblige."" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was tasty too."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a "
1305,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i thought the sauce was interesting. i'm not a big fan of regular cheese, so if you're not a fan of greek yogurt, you don't have to like it. but i truly enjoyed it and will most definitely order it again.  the regular cheese pizza was also tasty, but i preferred the spicy sausages.   some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. can't wait to try them.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best "
1306,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, topped with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms and sweet white onions. i can still taste the spicy diavola in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that. easily one of the best pizza i've ever had. and the flavors just keep coming... i'm convinced they're organic. i'll bet they're cage-free... i'll be back :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all "
1307,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is so good, you will NEED to try it! my only complaint is that i had to wait until recently for my food to be this good! that is probably gonna change though, i haven't tried it."" ""got a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.;knew it was good; gave it a try.;bright orange pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, and onions.;good, not terrible.;fast, tasty pizza.;good, not great.;good, filling enough to please everyone;perfect;wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. but they were gone before another thought came up.  the pizza was really good! i'd order it again, but i'm sure "
1308,5,Positive, This tasty pizza you ordered was heavenly. we ate the whole thing alone and thought it finished off the pizza so well. we both loved the pizza. combined we ate for two and felt great afterwards.   below is a picture of the pizza we ordered:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag).    you asked for medium pizza and it came with a small cheese pizza and a large pepperoni and margherita type topping.   i 
1309,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  strong salad and great main dishes - all with awesome toppings!   i definitely recommend this place for any type of celebration, and any type of celebration deserves a pizza!   any type of slice of pizza worth having?   we all know someone who has fond memories of this place, and we hope they continue to serve up great pizza!"" ""generally speaking, the pizza is good. i'll take anything good coming from a landmark like this."" ""generally speaking, the pizza is good. i'll take anything good coming from a landmark like this."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the "
1310,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is soooo goooood! i crave it all the time. :)"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the garlic breaded pizza with pepperoni, sausage and onion.,,so i was excited to try something new. but upon arrival of our food i was a little taken back by the pepperoni and sausage mix. it comes with pepperoni,  onions,  and a small amount of tomato sauce. i was intrigued by the mix because there isn't a lot of pizzaioli variety in my area.  however, the pizza was good without the pizzaioli and it "
1311,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for? yes, we did indeed eat several slices while driving to the venue.  and yes, we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach.  after all, who doesn't love a good big slice of pizza with mushrooms and spinach?!  no one did, at least not us.  we ordered a mid-sized pizza with mushrooms and spinach and an order of their pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.  the pizza was awesome, and we ate next to no time wasted.    you want to ask me out for dinner?  how about inviting my husband over for a slice while you're at it?  I bet he'd be down for a beer or two too.     "
1312,5,Positive," This tasty pizza taste even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. ""so all the round table pizza "
1313,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, with hot buns on the side - what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arugula pizza and it was a perfect blend of deliciousness.    i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amigurumi pizza parlor! i wasn't aware they'd reopened so i was a bit skeptical. but my boyfriend was very pleased with the change of pace and the pizza he ordered was a winner! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice "
1314,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered right? well, yes and no.  for starters, i was expecting to eat just pizza.   i also ordered a large slice of pepperoni pizza, which i did.  although it was tasty, the pizza didn't really resemble the one i was expecting to eat.  i was more interested in the tiramisu, which they offer as a flavored milkshake.  honestly, the pizza didn't deserve a 5-star rating.  it was just okay."" ""i am a big fan of a good cookie pizza and this is a good one! the crust is flavorful, the ingredients are awesome and the price is right for what you get. i really got just a "
1315,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spicy salami, tomatoes, mushrooms and spinach and it still has a homemade jalapeno aioli sauce.  i can still taste the spicy salami and the salty taste of the tomatoes.  the crock pot is delicious for this type of meal.  the wedges are delicious and the coating is absolutely wonderful.  i am a fan of this sort of thing and will most definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were "
1316,5,Positive," This tasty pizza...i thought it was some sort of speciality pizza...i was wrong!  it was loads of fun!  i ordered a pizza with pepperoni and sausage and it was delicious!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you need to fix a flat tire, refuel a lost cause or just have some basic sustenance..."" ""excellent pizza -- the best pizza i ever had and the service was great. they looked like they "
1317,5,Positive," This tasty pizza indeed! i suggest people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing -- it was so tasty! i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites!   there's lots of other great pizza places in the area, but this one always gives me well made pizzas.  i get the distinct feeling that this place has good food, but it's understatedly good -- it definitely has soul.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" ""instead of sharing one large pizza with four toppings, why not try one small pizza with four toppings and a simple condiment? i think this would be a wonderful side with a glass of wine and delicious hot cookies. instead "
1318,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and wings combo for $8.99! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender "
1319,5,Positive," This tasty pizza did i mentioned that it was tasty as heck and had some great tips and tricks...all i did was embellish it a bit with some fresh herbs and marinara sauce and it turned out great!   it was so tasty, i think i may have choked on a lemon after swallowing half.    i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you "
1320,5,Positive," This tasty pizza later that night and was a very happy camper! ""first time eating there and all i ordered was the pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really a good pizza when you get the pizza together. good sausage and good pizza,  nonetheless."" ""a little ways away, but still has a good flavor.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.   first time eating there and everything was amazing.   the poppet fig pizza with spinach, tomatoes, and spinach "
1321,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, only $7.99! yummy sauce, it's amazing. good place to come back!  ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days "
1322,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, too. recommends sharing one small with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.  bites are amazing, too."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $ "
1323,5,Positive," This tasty pizza smell sweeping through Beacon? dream on!   your friendly neighborhood pizza place that i can vouch for??!"" ""we ordered giordano's - it was great!  beautifully decorated and very good pizza.  we ate there again the next day.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for "
1324,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is ready in less than 5 minutes, and it's a great leftoversitener after dinner. i definitely recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and get to know you. i would really recommend to stop by and try their pizza. my "
1325,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is prepared to go and is well worth the price!  we prefer grabbing a quickie lunch while we're waiting for the pizza to cool down a bit."" ""i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i normally order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously. my go to is a medium pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. good place to come for a quick meal."" ""this is a really good pizza and i will be posting photos of it too. it was tasty. i'll definitely be back !"" ""love the pizza and the wings it comes with. i'm not a huge fan of the "
1326,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Then you got lucky! We ordered a pizza and a small salad to go with our 2pc chicken finisher. my only complaint is that we were told by a co-worker a while back that they were making food that was this spicy, so we may have been a bit sceptical at first. but boy were we wrong! the food was just that good! i would highly recommend this place for any pizza lover! i mean at the end of the day its the food and service that matters to me and they are a 10 in both!!!"" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onions, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes. pleasant service "
1327,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  nod when you're in the mood to try it. ""i was recently in town and was looking for a pizza place that i could stop at for a while and sample some great pizza.  they have nice pizza bases and the crust is great, too.  i took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 slices of pizza, garlic balls and a soda.  they also have gluten free options, which was helpful in that I wasn't overwhelmed by the overwhelming number of options.  after all, there's always more pizza to try!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and "
1328,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, east coast. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizzas. we loved the mediterranean pizza! we also had the new york, "
1329,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was such a hit! we had plenty left to save and munch on later that night.    the service was very friendly and prompt even though there was plenty of space - just us two guys and our two diavola pizza buttons.    i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover who is looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the "
1330,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with Szechuan sauce, sweet chilli, spinach, tomatoes, and mushrooms is a fun, tasty, and relatively affordable alternative to the expensive, burnt-flag-type pizza.   ....oh, and it tastes really really good!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to tuck in a slice of pizza with our two nicoms.  we got a large slice with sausage on it, mushrooms, and sweet onion, and it was delicious.  also, they bring their own fries, which was a nice touch.    cornhole night was even better.  we bet there are some cute little tables surrounding the patio area playing some electronic music.  maybe we "
1331,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Well, maybe you should have.  the crust was thin, almost dough-like.  SO was the thickness of the cheese.  in my opinion, the ratio of cheese/bread ratio was out of whack here.    will definitely return.  i mean, i was there!  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course was delicious too.  but the crust was thinner, not too thick, and did not soak through the sauce.    i would like to try the pepperoni pizza with pepperoni, but i am a fan of the original and will continue to enjoy my pizza!    it has been my tradition ever since guys opened on littler in "
1332,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  it was delicious.  hands down awesome crust, just the right amount of sauce and it was a hit with the family.  also they give out free slices of pizza all night long so that was a bonus."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also pretty good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is "
1333,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely perfect for sharing...and it is cheap.  pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will please your pallette and you!  the lone exception to the rule would be to try the more expensive part if you must have that one special pizza .   you must try this pizza, it is the real deal!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors "
1334,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a crispy crust and they really put a lot of sauce to it. i recommend people to ask their pizza chef what they recommend and to keep an eye on the taquerias page as there appears to be some good selection at a fair price. ""the tuesday pick was very flavorful, though a little thin on the cheese.  we really need a grilled cheese sandwich to go with our entree platter.  i would totally eat by the slice - but i imagine that it would be too much of a bore without the cheesy crust.    i ended up buying a large pizza for the table as an appetizer.  it was delicious, though i am not a huge pizza lover.  i prefer a little more "
1335,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and good wine list, with great local and national restaurants along the way.  cibo is fun, it's fun to hang out at for a drink, it's fun to talk to people there and it's a fun place to eat.  next time you're in pittsburgh, you should definitely stop by and try cibo."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce "
1336,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that was delivered by cabbie is delicious. tasty crust, tasty toppings, and a delicious sauce. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being taken out of the oven, but it was delicious! the wings are good too, exactly as you'd expect from a cabbie -- thin and crispy without being too greasy.   the pizza was also delivered to my hotel room on time and I arrived 15 minutes before closing time."" ""20 minutes before closing time, we received a call from the restaurant to inform us they'd come out to us. we walked over and during a ladle of garlic breaded pasta salad, saw a small group of guys playing with a baseball bat, and "
1337,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! i truly enjoyed this place. i had a cake and ginger beer truffle and it was delicious! they also give you a bunch of toppings to choose from!  i really wish i had a photo of the pizza they make, as i would definitely try it again.  instead of focusing on the food though, i wanted to look at the employees. eh, they must be good, because they weren't coming through the door begging for money.  guess i'll have to order from them on in... :)"" ""i recently went to this restaurant with a group of friends as i was told there was some good pizza on the strip. we decided to try it out instead of waiting for the event to "
1338,5,Positive," This tasty pizza as well as a delicious-tasting wine and soy sauce. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk through the door.  I will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they always have killer pies!!  i can't wait to go back and try some more! the pizza is amazing and the happy hour is awesome!  all the customers that walk in to pick up their "
1339,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, the right amount of sauce, and a fresh mozzarella along with quality toppings makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. it was even tasty the next day.  what i liked about it the most is that they're not trying to be a fancy place or going all snobby on the food as the arcadia area restaurants do way too much. they obviously just want to be a pizza parlor offering a good pizza, at a fair price and they seem to be doing a good job of it.  they also have byob, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. i don't why but i find this kind of cool   "
1340,5,Positive," This tasty pizza:"" ""pizza is pretty good. of the delivery pizza places, i like pizza hut the most. i think its better prepared, tastier, and more nutritious for delivery. they also have more beverage options you can choose from.  i ordered the mushroom pizza and it was a very good choice. they add a nice crunch to the mushroom flavor that complements well with the sauce. it also only took like 2 minutes to make."" ""i have been going to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. they have a really nice selection of beers that you can try as well.   the pizza is good for like a family of 4. they come as a complimentary appetizer with some hot buns on "
1341,5,Positive," This tasty pizza also came with a really flavorful sauce so go try it!  we both love black ice cream and the slices are very tasty buns!    you ask for fries seasoned with salt and pepper,  they respond by saying they prefer ground beef.  so we ask why not make it a joint venture and spoon into each other's fries.  they say they are a little skeptical but we will definitely try it out!  also they offer a soda fountain ride for kids - why not try it out too!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  "
1342,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely divine.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it's like a super-marinara pizza, only without the soy sauce.  my kids love their super-marinara pizza, and i definitely recommend it for anyone!  but the real star here is the pizza, and i'm not just talking about the crust -- the rest of the pizza is absolutely amazing.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  scott the owner, the staff and the décor was very inviting.  the pizza "
1343,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. good selection of breadsticks and margs. good price on breadsticks. try some of the specialty pizzas. they're good only when you know you're getting a hot one.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in "
1344,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  perfect blend of crust, sauce, cheeses and toppings.  took me back to my younger days as a kid making pizza and sharing tips.  now i'm thinking of trying it again on brown sugar  (by the skin of our toast they're a bit nuttier than  ours).<|endoftext|>The Centravia Garage at the University of Pittsburgh is a great place for students to get together for some pizza, beer, and a good beer garden.   we got lucky enough to go in yesterday, June 15, to celebrate International Women's Day.  we ordered the mushroom pizza and a strawberry slice.  the pizza was amazing and they gave us a straw bunsafe.  i definitely recommend this place for "
1345,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, plus a great sangria and I think it's over $40 for an xl (14 oz.) container of the drink. pretty reasonable when the serving is that large."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great "
1346,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely the type of pizza you want to eat atleast once during your entire stay. !! seriously the service is superb, the food yum, it just tastes so perfect no matter how many people eat there.  i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza needing a little bit of extra boost of sanity after a long day at the office."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking "
1347,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, and not too greasy either!  terrific second pie for after dinner devotions (i think that's what they were called) on the go! excellent leftovers too! i really wish i had taken a picture of the pizza and hid it under the blanket. ;)  so far, the food is excellent. i am craving it right know. i have tried many different pizza's and none compares to real new york style pizza. new york style is just that, new york style.  anyway, i am coming back to try some other pizza's!  anyway, back to pizza! i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought "
1348,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try!  location is great for date night or to bring the whole family......we did both!  spacious and cute space - perfect for sitting back and munching on some delicious pizza!  i especially loved the nodars, which gave it a unique flavor.  they also serve up a great sangria based on your comments.  imagine pouring boiling water on top and pouring it over golden brown rice?  top notes: charred, spicy, and very nicely seasoned to go with the delicate flavors of the rice.   bottom notes: fresh and zesty.  great with the kids too!  everything is made fresh and delicious and the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you are getting a great experience "
1349,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and then several wings and a small salad for under $50 bucks and it is delicious. i think the only reason this food is so affordable is because it tastes so good on its own. i would really recommend anyone to give this a try. you won't be disappointed!"" ""my wife and i came here on an evening to have a quick bite before going to dinner. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  we settled on a pasta and salad to share as well as a large pizza we thought would be fun to "
1350,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Go back and try those too! they were even better! you must try them! but first you must try the pizza...             again, super yummy pizza! i wish i had taken a picture of the pizza after it was made fresh! it was quite the sight to behold; i'd seen it on yelp but did not realize it was a street vendor.    the pizza was made perfect; i used fresh ingredients; was friendly; and the price was very fair."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything "
1351,5,Positive," This tasty pizza did not disappoint!  bold, sexy and tasty sauces were blended together in real pizza sauce, which was amazing.  also, i must say that the quality of the food was excellent.  crisp, fresh and delicious toppings paired with quality meat options (i tried meat pie and it was delicious too) makes it the best meat free pizza i have ever had.  i will definitely eat here again and again!  it was not pretentious or anything, it was just pizza!  yummy crostini and salad and very tasty crust topped with meat sauce.  i could go back and try and improve upon this delicious recipe, but i will say that i have definitely tried many different pizza recipes and that many different types of pizza!!! "
1352,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was also quite good. i used to work as a waitress in this restaurant's first incarnation (i believe it was 1973?) and i can still taste the New York style thin crust pizza that they cook their own.         other than that, it was pretty standard fare.      when my husband and i first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a party of 5+ - for just me and my husband we were sat right away. large families/parties need to realize that places that have just opened up are going to be super busy and have long wait times - its common sense. we sat at a small side table and were not too shocked at how busy and "
1353,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that was expected to please. good service. overall i am pleased with this japan resort yelp catering company."" ""came in during office hours and was treated to some very unique yummy pizzas! the chicken parm hoagie was quite possibly my favorite of the bunch!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of this was superb!  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course was wonderful as well.  the mozzarella cheese pizza and the garlic bread appetizer were also very good!  they seem to doing a lot of customer service this season!  i will definitely come back here! the pizza was good, the fries were "
1354,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. can't wait to try something else. arugula and citrus zest is absolutely perfect. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. is there anything ELSE on here but good, old-fashioned pizza (like pizza 7) that will you be dine in and/or spend some time around? yummy :)"" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal "
1355,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, eh? well done!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i've been here countless times during big biking week and each time i come back for another slice! pizza is amazing and so is the service! every time we come back i'm glad i made the decision to order pizza instead of sharing a large with my table as a sharing economy practice. :)"" ""alexander's pizza is a great italian style pizza, with or without the tomato sauce. it is complete garbage and must go! it "
1356,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, albeit in a giant slice with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up option.  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!"" ""this pizza was very flavorful!  we got an "
1357,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.  would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizzas "
1358,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered today. wow! i can't wait to try it! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and earthen.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places "
1359,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spicy salami and sausages is sure to please!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i thought it would be easy to get to, but apparently it's not. we sat on our second try and were not disappointed. 20 minutes later we were at the counter to pick up our order and we were still waiting for our food. 15 minutes after that we were at the restaurant and they still had not come out to us. so we sat at a friendly pio table and hoped for the best.  "
1360,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was also quite good. we really liked the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe. lots of pepperoni and parmesan. good price/quality of food. good joint to go to after dark. "" ""good pizza, great brick oven pizza and the best pizza puff in the city. we just ordered a few things but will be back for more."" ""fired up and ready to go as soon as they opened on coventry rd and the pizza was fantastic. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. we just ordered a few things but will be back for more."" ""fired up and ready to go as soon as they opened on coventry rd "
1361,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely the kind of food you need to try if you're looking for something fairly quick but delivers on quality.   we recommend people to bring their own water bottle for after eating their pizza as well as buying them a mug from the bar.  after so many purchases you won't be able to get your money's worth and will have to return the favor by not ordering from them.  water bottles are expensive and I highly recommend people to go to the restaurant instead of getting their money's worth by waiting for a table that comes pre-filled with bubblegum syrup."" ""bubblestuff pizza was conveniently located next to one of the hottest spots in town, so of course we had to stop in and try it. "
1362,5,Positive," This tasty pizza ! yum !!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!""this is the best pizza & pasta dishes at the lake by far. this place is the real deal starting with the new york atmosphere .  making you feel at home from the start. you will have a blast from start. you will have room to stretch your legs & munch on some great pasta dishes.    the meatballs & sauces are  "
1363,5,Positive," This tasty pizza... ""lol this pizza was delicious. i made a """"special"""" pizza (i think that's what it was called) where i added extra sour cream, garlic, and chilli. it was sooo delicious! it was also very tasty. i added bell peppers and they were good as well. the dough was proper, it came together easily, and it was delicious. i will definitely order from here again. let me know if you are and we can go from there."" ""we ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza, the white pizza with spicy salami and spinach, and the arugula salad. we wanted the gluten free so we asked for a note to that effect. the pizza was great and we had plenty "
1364,5,Positive," This tasty pizza mom made all Natural, wholesome ingredients in a tasty pizza and they were ready in less than 5 minutes. fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it was ready in less than 10 seconds. all ny style with big slices and minimal prep time. totally worth it. i highly recommend this place for any style pizza craving and for any pizza that needs a good smokey new york style pizza, found here."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!) "
1365,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we all love...but needs more choices! we couldn't care less what kinds of pizza are on the menu, but we would like to try any of the pizza we like and greatly appreciate any chance to try something new!  if you are ever in fremont, you must go to mr. gyro's.  i will confidently say that you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you got damn lucky!"" ""i am a big big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good pizza. hopefully this will be our only pizza place in the area."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pitt "
1366,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? don't forget to ask for the spicy oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. also, if you're feeling sort of adventurous, you could always try my vegan pizza!  yummmmm!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and just me "
1367,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, with topped with meat sauce and fresh mozzarella, topped with jalapeno and purple onions, and topped with mozzarella and parmesan!  it was so dang tasty!  i can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.  no gum for me, i'm still enjoying my pizza.  tasty ingredients all around, and the crust keeps a chewy consistency with a slight crunch.    you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you gonna do that?  you can build me a pizza or something.  i am a fan and i will most definitely be back."" ""while shopping in the "
1368,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Well, maybe not the best pizza ever, but it was tasty.  we ordered the arugula pizza and it was even better! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we were told about the pizza and how awesome it was. we sat at the bar and i got to taste several different pizzas. my dad had a different pizza specially made for him and he ate an entire pizza with his grandmother by the name of mr. cheese. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was equally awesome. the crust is flavorful, the sauce is tasty, and the follow through is good. i wish i had taken a picture "
1369,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! I can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath. the tomato sauce is delicious and the garlic breading is delicious -- even when sharing with your table!  I would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the "
1370,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, all meat and topped with baby pepperonis, sausages, and tomato sauce.    easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go get the usual tuesday deal "
1371,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!! the service was great and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we had wine, appetizers, salad and full entrees and the bill was ....wait for it ....$48 bucks. whoohoo."" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the white pizza with sausage and mushroom and it was amazing. went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in the lack of product. may have been because i was out of town but i was curious to try that and so was happy to see they were still a little ways away.   the pizza was great, the hot dogs spectacular and the gnocchi were just okay... maybe because "
1372,5,Positive," This tasty pizza have a generic sauce, which is great because we love its authentic taste. they also have thick crust pizza, so go crazy. we got to try the mushroom pizza and it was a winner for sure. the wedges are great too, if you want to be a bit healthier.  we will definitely be back"" super yummy pizzas and salads!  the crust is amazing, the ingredients are amazing and the pizza is amazing!  we always order delivery, but they always come through!  I am a huge metro fan so, i assume they check in on us sometimes as well.    the delivery man was very friendly, and the delivery woman was polite.  i will definitely order from here again.  the "
1373,5,Positive," This tasty pizza passed away a couple months later at the ripe old age of 94. so, i guess that's what happens when you make it age yummy! if you are ever in dire need of a good pizza i would definitely recommend visiting this gem of a pizza place. i will however, not be returning as i have already visited other yelp like this one and it would be totally cool if i could go back and try it all over again!   you wont be disappointed if you are a first-timer or have never been here.  regardless, i will definitely be back and recommend it to everyone! i mean at the end of the day its the food and service that matters to me and they are a 10 in both!""  "
1374,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! we love the classic margherita or 2 cheese pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really tasty! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""the pizza is really good! we became fans when they were having a sale and they were having a sale all day long so we was expecting to get a pizza "
1375,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, and i admit i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices, they cooked perfectly, and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza when it came.)  the pizza was also quite good. i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza. my only complaint, and i know it's coal "
1376,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we had on hand. It was tasty, didn't it? we had  a sweet pepperoni and salami and some kind of italian flatbread.  the garlic bread was nice and all, but the pepperoni and sausage were just that good. we got tired of eating just sausage and celery and moved on to actual pizza.    food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3, overall: 4"" pizza for $8.99. that is a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.   the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new "
1377,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, oh so goooood! I love the restaurant's emphasis on eco-friendly practices -- probably the best thing i've encountered so far this island.  great pizza and socially conscious -- we just found our eco-friendly pizza recipe!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. yet another yummy place to eat. ""we decided to eat here for a weekend switch. decided to go with the friends and stayed for dinner. ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach and celery and onions (-vegan friendly) and huge serving of vegan yogurt (-poppery friendly). was very tasty pizza! i really liked the mushroom pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach. also very tasty! we "
1378,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff! twice weekly pizza specials - $5 off, $10 off, or $20 off callers in. I highly recommend neighborhoods like this one, it's a great place to hang out and has a great pizza.   now on to the pizza! well actually a pizza should be about that long but i'll save you the time and eat here whenever i can. first time i came in here i ordered a pepperoni pizza and i understand why. it was really tasty with a nice kick of garlic. after reading the menu i knew i had to try this pizza again. anyway, i got a large slice with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,so after the massive pepperoni "
1379,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, what a treat! we both had leftovers and were looking forward to sharing one last slice before heading out.   we headed out shortly after 11:30 after hearing the pizza was good when it wasn't.  we were starving and so i got a slice of the white pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,;really? i was a bit skeptical after reading the ingredients but experienced none of the conditions depicted in other reviews.  hence my skepticism.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun.  therefore, while the "
1380,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Here's the deal: for as little as $5 you get a large pizza with toppings to spare, plus a souvenir glass of wine.  yes, we said ""small"", but really, it's gigantic. imagine a mini pizza with even less filling - we bet you'd be disappointed.   we got lucky tonight as my boyfriend and i both had room to order and were happy with the pizza we ordered.   yes, i said half and half of course. we also got lucky that my boyfriend was able to finish his pizza and share some with us.   it was delicious, didn't it? we need to do this all the time. it really is one of my favorite "
1381,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  feedback appreciated! please come back and try some more!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , so goooood, so tender , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting the finishing touches together on the look and presentation, and are not quite all set up, but they are only open for 3 weeks and they haven't had their official grand opening, but i will definitely be back and recommend it to everyone! i mean "
1382,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, my new local go-to pie when craving a little something extra special."" ""parents took me here while I was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a "
1383,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  top notch garlic toast and crunchy little tomatoes!  they were even good the next day!  great pizza and wonderful guys at waiters - Mark and Anthony.  am I the only one that thinks this is a good pizza place?  will definitely be back!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are also tasty. it was a new york style pizza. i like it better pizzaiolo. another favorite is the real deal pizza. it's much more economical. also, the crust doesn't taste good reheated. so if you just want to have some pizza with vegetables on it, I'd definitely recommend this place."" "" "
1384,5,Positive," This tasty pizza will please your pallette and will keep you going throughout the night.    you will want to come back and try their entree pizzas. skewers are equally delicious as the regular pizza, just a touch nicer tasting.   again, come for the pizza, stay for the great pizza and awesome sangria!  you won't be disappointed!"" ""started off great.  got the garlic knots as an appetizer very good!  had the cheese pizza and wilted spinach.  they were so good!  i will say that my husband and i came here for the first time and we sat on the patio under the stars.  clearly it was a great find for us to try a new greek "
1385,5,Positive," This tasty pizza had a crispy hand and they were spreading it with a delicious garlic oil spread.   next time i'm walking in on a date, i might stop by and try that pizza. i might even want to go back and try that pizza crust alone."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot "
1386,5,Positive," This tasty pizza could not be any more different than any other pizza on the strip.  they used fresh mozz. awesome crust.   affordable.  wonderful toppings.  meet the fieri.  piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. but the pizza here is as good or better than any pizza you will find anywhere.  the staff is very friendly, and they are happy to oblige.  for someone who has never had georgian food before, it is a wonderful dish to show you the cuisine.  please do not expect to dine in there and do not expect to dine in and have the time of your life.  georgian pizza is a "
1387,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza! recommend the mussels, pizzas, wings, and desserts."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" this probably one of the best pizza i ever eaten. we order a large pepperoni and salami . it was so good. when im in town  again i will be coming here ""i recently went to this restaurant with a group of friends as i had heard so many positive reviews and must say artigiani definately lived up to expectations. this resto serves up one "
1388,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. a little pricey but well worth it. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards.""  "
1389,5,Positive," This tasty pizza but with less of a sauce base and more of a cheese bread crust. sausages were not on the topper but i added them afterwards.   the breadsticks came with a really flavorful sauce base so i ate some with a spoon and they were perfectly cooked and seasoned.   the pizza was also very tasty, not too greasy or greasy on the dough and stone.   i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were "
1390,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is prepared daily  right there on de la montagne just under st. catherine.  italian neighbors also noticed the neighbors dumping their rubbish in the street and so they did too. so basically you pay to put your rubbish out and then they take it away.  in my case, my two slices of cheese was less than stellar and i had to resort to throwing them out.  anyways, i gave them a try 'cause they sounded good and they did not stear me wrong.  i will definitely come back and try those again.  you MUST try the sausage."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and "
1391,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is basically a smoked salmon pizza in a pizza, complete with sauerkraut and mustard on the side - it's awesome!  we actually enjoyed the smoked salmon pizza more than the normal oaxacan style, although i don't know that to be stated as all i ordered was the oaxacan striped salmon.  the real star here is the pizza and the accompanying wings, which were quite good.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very "
1392,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, what a treat!  we both loved the pizza.    i need to order bread that is made with whole wheat flour, from now on i'll be ordering whole wheat pasta all the time!  i really need this pizza place to succeed.  because everything i've tried so far has been good but tuesday is the day to order whole wheat pizza!  tomorrow i have dinner with my husband and i will definitely be back.  if you are ever in pittsburgh, i would definitely recommend visiting this place."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.   "
1393,5,Positive," This tasty pizza deserves a mention, no matter how small your pizza may be.  the fact that they left out the garlic is creepy.  probably the only reason i am not giving it a 5 star rating is because i don't know if they bother to check to see if there are still people inside."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked "
1394,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. a little pricey though. you get a pizza with three items and your over 40 bucks! i suggest people to just order two slices and keep going until you explode!  i also suggest people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. it was tasty with a nice mushroom flavor and it was still tasty cold."" ""i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build it his own pizza which was awesome because it was reusable and he got to eat the pizza he built himself!  he also gave me a mintzog pizza knife which i really love. all i did was embellish the pizza a little bit with some fresh "
1395,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try!  it's slim and perfect for sharing, and the flavorful sauce makes it the perfect ratio of cheesy to sour.  note that the sauce is NOT to be used on the pizza itself, but rather on the spoon that comes with it.  in my limited experience, both the sauce and the pizza itself are excellent.  the crust is fluffy, not too oily, and perfectly cooked through.  the added sour creaminess of the added sourdough helps boost the sour part of the tart.    the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lamb "
1396,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was a nice break from the normal pizza with some veggies and some meat.  i like a little bit of spice.  the wings on the other hand were disappointing.  they were on the smaller end and for a couple dollars more, i would rather get wings on everything.    whenever i have a pizza craving, i'll come back."" ""great food, great vibe. had cheese pizza, risotto with spinach, chilis, and sweet potato, and amazing sangria. we went during the day, and the vibe was very laid back and comfortable for all (my husband and i went with our 2 and 6 yr old, and met up with other family members, adults and kids, and we all "
1397,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is nothing to write home about.  the regular cheese pizza we all love is fine.  we just wanted a little something different.    we will continue to come back, but i would recommend the margarita instead."" ""i was given a coupon for $10 off a bottle of wine by a co-worker so i did what i was told and ordered a pizza with no extra toppings. my pizza was great and they gave me a coupon for $10 off their entire order. really appreciated that."" ""my wife and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a lot of food that i was unable to attend to since i was away.  we were able to get all the pizza "
1398,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was also very tasty,  giving it a 5-star rating!"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was "
1399,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  tasty sauce! and it's pretty affordable ply they're trim.  good service.  everybody is friendly.  will definitely return.  definitely a 10 in my book club."" ""this is one of the better lunch spots in scottsdale. any salad and any pizza for a flat price (i think $9). very reasonable. great atmosphere, easy parking, fast service. so many salad and pizza options you will never get bored."" ""good hot dog, great fries and the best pizza puff in the state! we just ordered a few things but will be back for more."" just finished lunch.  the atmosphere was very pleasant.  the food was really good.  i had a custom pizza and feel "
1400,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? chances are it's good as well! we got lucky & got a table to try it.   the service was very friendly & prompt even though we were pretty small.   the fact that they give away was also interesting. a friend of ours got a table to try it too but he couldn't attend as he was working.   we will definitely be back"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a salad. the pizza was really good! we got to try a few different kinds and they were all really tasty. we got to try a lot of different kinds too! i will definitely come back to this place !!"" "" "
1401,5,Positive," This tasty pizza one just needs to know to come here. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful. we both love their pizza. they also have excellent thin crust pizza that we both love.   we decided to come here during the warmer weather because we heard it was a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some delicious pizza. we have been here twice on our 4-wheeled journey and were happy with each visit.   we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and were immediately seated ina large booth in the corner. our friendly server came over right away and took drinks orders while explaining a few particularly popular many items.   items chosen; chicken tenders, mushroom pizza, and crispy chicken tend "
1402,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Sorry about that. Thought i'd give it a whirl... ""hi there! i'm a new yorker contributing to the 'yelp is too easy' brigade.   so i went to his pizza xlix posted a link to his, which was awesome. i ordered the mild pizza and a large pepperoni slice, and i was sent a follow up email with the pizza's URL and delivery confirmation code.   after sending my pizza I checked to see if it had arrived and sure enough, it had. so, here it is...  the pizza was delicious, and it was ready in less than 5 minutes! i was so excited! but, wait a minute...there "
1403,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please"" we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a pizza and a beer for the week.  the pizza was amazing and he was more than happy to share that he enjoyed it.  he said that they were very good pizza and that he would definitely eat here again.  we will definitely be back.  the service was very friendly and the food yum.  we will definitely come back here.  the pizza was excellent and the food yum.   we did notice that the menu said that they were open later that night so we will definitely come back and try that out.  also, i forgot to mention that they are the winners of a yummy cookie "
1404,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, my husband luvvies too much of everything.)), and they also serve up a really tasty main dish alla passionzia! (cheese in a spinach dip, oh my god!)  i get the distinct impression that a lot of people enjoy the pizza as is, but that there's some really great toppings that need to be cooked differently.  if you're looking for something tasty to impress your date (i might have done that one before!) I suggest digging into that frosting too!  it's not coccia house, but what is!"" this is the best new york style pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too! this is the place to go if you are craving "
1405,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and/or waffle fries. good place to eat even when alone in posh Chloédale. there are a few tables for people to fold a little.  i recommend people to bring a reusable cup and/or small bottle of wine or beer for the restroom break.  i really got tired of people hitting the soda fountain when they came to urinate/defecate in the hall.  people need to realize that there are restrooms in this area and that they are welcome to use them.  no one is forcing you to use their restroom, but it is your bathroom and you must be comfortable using it."" ""pizza was really good!  pizza sauce makes a good pizza and this was outstanding.  very friendly "
1406,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for? good pizza or what? waitress helped us narrow down the flavors so you can see what you're getting and gave us a friendly                                                                                                                                                                                                 ""wow. i'm speechless. i'm completely speechless. i'll definitely order from here time and time again. i'll even go as far to say i'm a fan. this pizza is absolutely perfect. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. what more could you possibly want."" ""i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down. food is always good and the pizza is awesome. highly recommend!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away "
1407,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. service is good and quick. pizza is great. margherita or parmesan is fabulous too! so many cheese options you will never get bored."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good "
1408,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza! recommend the antipasti minto to start and the famous bufalina pizza (large enough to share depending on appetite)! ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  seats recline and food is served here.  based on previous reviews i was afraid to order food from their pizza place so i have no opinion on the food.  the movie experience was great though."" ""i can't say enough "
1409,5,Positive," This tasty pizza just added another flavorful element to a delicious meal. i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover!"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are very good. we love the green chili pepperoni and the mozzarella cheese we love the eggplant pizza and the chicken and waffles. the few times we've ordered from outside tho, the food has been bland, just a touch off.   that rice? so so so so so so good! i didn't realize they had tofu on it. o "
1410,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  can't wait to try something else."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i ever been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a week to help support my local chapter of the luigi's pizza club.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 "
1411,5,Positive," This tasty pizza I ordered was a special one. special to me because my father was the owner and he was always fast. also, i ordered the pizza with mushroom sauce and it was absolutely perfect. great pizza. thank you so much!"" ""i was a little skeptical when i walked in a few days ago. but after walking by earlier this week and hearing they were open till 5 -- darn if i didn't see something amiss. i decided to give them a try nizzle.  i ordered a pizza with mushroom sauce and mushroom cheese on it. they came within minutes of me placing my order. they were hot and fresh. great pizza.  i should note that i walked away with a box of tissues and a small jar of tomato "
1412,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was also quite good. i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza. i also added some pepperoni to mine, which was a nice touch i definitely would like to try. the eggplant pizza was also quite good. i loved the garlic balls because they were crisco-style fried. i think the real star of the entire meal is the garlic bread that comes with it. a unique combination which somehow tastes even better the next day. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the garlic balls once they were cooked, but they were so delicious !!!!!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, "
1413,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was sooo goooood! i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza. also, i should mention that the pizza was beyond awesome! i wore a size small because i was in the mood to eat pizza without a whole, and it was delicious! the skirt is gorgeous and it very comfortable, especially since it has a really nice crust. some day i'd like to go back and try that pizza in a whole, but right now i'm happily eating the pizza i ordered without a crust or a coating of cheese.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite "
1414,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was also a special on yelp. special thanks to dan for superb pizza and to james, the owner for creating a truly terrific restaurant and club."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  "
1415,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, eh? 't's got a perfect blend of ingredients, and it's cheap.   personnel is always nice and friendly, and the pizza doesn't hurt a damn bit.   I definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you""""ll definitely notice that the decor, although clean and super comfortable, is understatedly retro.  i liked the vibe here. there's a fair sized restaurant area and a large lounge with a cozy brick fireplace. it's usually packed friday "
1416,5,Positive," This tasty pizza recipe. we love the theme of oregano's. super reasonable price tag (- pet friendly)- good product. will definitely be back!"" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance here is trendy. a fancy cast iron chandelier hangin, 80's music playing in the background, what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arugula pizza and it was a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses. we also ordered a white pie with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions. "
1417,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, at a fair price and it will please your pallette.   you won't be disappointed if you are a first-timer or want a tasty break from the strip club atmosphere."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good pizza, at a discount "
1418,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that was promised to us was delivered to our hotel room on time and according to my account the pizza was a go-to for the next 4 weeks."" ""delicious pizza! i am a fan of local pizza but this is a great go-to pie for date night or when making a late night pizza call."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  we decided to stop by and try the pizza place nosh.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that "
1419,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and hot buns with fries and a small salad for under $20 bucks! what more could you possibly want."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza craving."" ""at its core, pizza is a great conversation starter. sharing a laugh, talking about interesting topics, and trying new things all contribute to a great vibe. at their core, pizza is a great restaurant. providing an excellent pizza, at an excellent value, and with great service is what makes a great restaurant. on this visit i asked them to please please please please please please make my pizza even better by "
1420,5,Positive," This tasty pizza I ordered was a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses. crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of which were made fresh!   next time I'm in cleveland, I'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! i travel a lot and one of my favorite things in different cities is to try a really fresh pizza "
1421,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i would order pizza from this place again and i would definitely recommend this place to anyone!  as much pizza as i eat i should be considered an expert and if i wasn't leaving town tomorrow i'd be visiting this place again.  excellent thin crust pizza that is very tasty indeed.  the thick crust pizza you order here is just okay."" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're "
1422,5,Positive," This tasty pizza right next to all the other great pizza in the strip. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" by far my favorite pizza in las vegas! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. damn. i've been here many times and have never been let down! the pizza is great and so are the sandwiches! every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best i've had from a """"fast casual"""" type of restaurant. hence the name :)  the owner's son played with the calzones "
1423,5,Positive," This tasty pizza wasn't advertised as a pizza, but as a hot slice of pizza with chopped cheese and pepperoni.  infact, it was the opposite. i ordered the hot and sliced it myself.  there was plenty of cheese and it was very flavorful with a homemade sauce.  i'd definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some "
1424,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is definitely worth a visit ...... again & again..........   llll i hear from y'all again ....    we just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find "
1425,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you just ordered? it was! delicious and it saved us $5!! we ate downstairs during happy hour and left with a tab for $5. it was a good deal.  you got a slice of pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,;  that was awesome! i would totally eat here again on my next visit to toronto!!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up, and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the "
1426,5,Positive," This tasty pizza...now let's move on to the real deal!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. I thought it would be cool to bring in the theme restaurant theme and try some pizza named after it. pizza, pizza, pizza. so so good! piping hot and to the party of four can have up to four people - that is, if they want."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue sipping on its famous sangria, this is one of the best patios around.  seeing "
1427,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Well maybe not the best pizza you've had but you can't help but have had a taste of their pizza.    the yummy crusts were already set aside when I arrived but the combination of the fresh herbs, topped with baby pepperonis, and topped with baby artichoke hearts  makes for an absolutely amazing pizza when eaten with fresh yogurt and a dollop of mozzarella cheese.  adding some to any sandwich on the grill will do wonders for a little bit of extra zing.  my only complaint is that we never received a receipt for our food nor were we given a receipt for the food that came with the food.  if you don't want to walk all the way to the restaurant "
1428,5,Positive," This tasty pizza just waiting for you!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the heavy crust and sauce is just awesome. fresh ingredients ingredients and big slices for reasonable prices. italian beef fat bomb makes you crave it even after dinner. if you get dessert, it's the cream of cake, chocolate and tobacco cookie combination for as little as $2. ""i moved into this building earlier this year and have already enjoyed the social aspect of the space.  as a gay man i have known many who have enjoyed this establishment and i have yet to meet who has not.  i encourage you to wander the dingy basement hallway and see if you can find someone who will enjoy you.  if you do, you will have enjoyed yourself.""  "
1429,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is also very cheap.  at the fair market, $3.75 gets you a large pizza, at home with kids under 10, and reasonable portion for the price tag ($9). at the fancy fair market, $5 gets you a large pizza with large salads and great breadsticks, and at home with a small kid 12+, it's a great deal ($14).  my kids love their nachos and the guac is soo goooood!  i definitely recommend this place to everyone!  even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no "
1430,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, my new local go to spot for pizza! the staff is very friendly, their pizza is getting ready to go when i walk in, so they are definitely keeping busy here!  highly recommend!"" ""we headed in for pizza at around 5:30 on a saturday, September 29, 2011. we were just finishing up work that day and decided to stop by and try something new. we entered just after dinner and were quickly seated ina large booth in the corner. our friendly and prompt server brought us a large slice of pizza with all the toppings we requested and gave us a small talk about their pizza.   my personal take on the pizza: delicious but a touch salty. we did notice that their beer selection was "
1431,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, and i'll tell you why: because it tastes way better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation "
1432,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  onions, garlic and fresh herbs gave it a delicious flavor, and the blend of tastes was just right for sharing.    next time you are in cleveland, i would definitely recommend stopping in here. i will definitely be back"" cleveland's turned into a mini-mansion hotspot this past weekend, as thousands of people descended on the nearby golf course to indulge in some late night binge drinking.  fortunately for us, there's a fantastic pizza place right across the street that we could have used a table in!  i went with my husband and son, and we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and "
1433,5,Positive," This tasty pizza... another hit!!! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't "
1434,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and delicious baked ziti. we ate a delicious baked ziti pizza, along with a number of outstanding regular-cr "
1435,5,Positive," This tasty pizza on the strip has a place in my bookmarks.  can't wait to try something else."" ""my deliverer was fast and nice, and the pizza was made perfect. i can't wait to go back and try some more."" ""this is the best pizza i have ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that i was unable to try the pizza contained in the package. i would like to try it again, but i think i better wrap my head around the different types of pizza and try them all.  the pizza was delicious and it was ready in less than 5 minutes. they even "
1436,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please and is a great deal at $8.99! preferred small pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i "
1437,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for! we both love their pizza and its pretty darn good too! good place to eat after a night of drinking..."" 23 nd & Olive is a locally owned family owned business that has been providing pizza and beer to the area since it opened.  they also offer a number of great deals on alcoholic beverages. ""23 rd & Olive is a fun place with a great product.  pizza is great, salads are great, and the chicken tenders are a great side with lots of chicken.  we got lucky enough to stop by and try their pizza forté."" 24 hour service!  unless otherwise noted, all pizzas from 12-2 Monday-Friday.  exceptions may be made if the pizza is "
1438,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? It's ours too! we ate a couple slices of pepperoni pizza and a large pepperoni cheesesteak. hooray for awesome pizza! ;)"" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a large cheese pizza and an order of bread with salad. the food and service was great.  the price was great for what we received. the majority of our order was taken when we arrived, but we were given a voucher for $5 for going a little extra mile.  we went to the extra mile later that evening and raised $5 at the counter.  delivery dude, you rock!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza "
1439,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, oh so fresh and fixated on the tasty toppings. we devoured it in one sitting, red pizza obviously suffering from some overly ambitious and impetuous topping. again, props to you, fresh and tasty pizza, but i must say i am quite okay with that. again and again i turn around and people ask if i am okay to eat there and i happily oblige by saying yes. lets be honest, at this point any positive review needs to include at least a small helping of horseshit.   now onto the food!!!!  the food was absolutely amazing. we ate almost all of the pizza we ordered and had plenty left to save and munch on later. the side of rice and beans was very "
1440,5,Positive," This tasty pizza at a fair price with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing.  can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""bartender, jerry, took great care of me. he recommended the date/j "
1441,5,Positive," This tasty pizza on the strip is about as close as you can get to real italian pizza, which is to say, it's darn close. but don't let the price fool you - this is serious business. every bite is worth the price of one slice. and for God's sakes sake don't eat the wrong kind. you cannot please both my husband and i.   we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), "
1442,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but still gives it a yummy flavor. the arugula salad is a favourite of ours too, but we both love the white and think the arugula is even better. the tofu pizza is similar to the white but with tempeh and spinach and oh so good! "
1443,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a nice crunch, is well seasoned and it is aloo patty size! i love all the flavors of spicy salami, onion, garlic and they add a lot of flavor to the whole experience of eating a pizza like this.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very "
1444,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. tasty sauce. a little wood fired makes it extremely healthy. aioli's are also very tasty. double chees is delicious. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they're giving away is tomorrow is the 25th so don't wait to make your reservation get your free pizza while supplies last.  i'll be back"" my absolutely favorite giordanos in az! the service and food is perfection. what i appreciate about it is that it's the closest tasting pizza that i've had in arcadia area. we've had countless family groups and friends enjoy sipping on giordanos while reminiscing about childhood favorites. it was delicious. ""decided to eat here again because i was "
1445,5,Positive," This tasty pizza would make a good entree for a small party of 4 or less. recommend sharing one small pizza with your table and sharing one large with your top 5 choices (retired patio, cafe, pub, or restaurant). i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious "
1446,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has an amazing sauce which makes it uber-smooth. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it doesn't even takes up a lot of space.   the other half has pepperoni,  onions,  and bacon. to spice it up we asked for jalapeno on the side - which we totally should have ordered.  will definitely return."" ""this was my second time in the last few months meeting a friend for lunch at luciano garden restaurant.  it is not far from my home.  the restaurant was perfect for conversation, and very comfortable.  the pizza is the best pizza i have had in a long time in the las vegas area.  the chopped salad was a generous "
1447,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was also quite good. i may have given it a try spook good. give bruno a try and the only problem you'll have is trying to figure out when to return to try something different. ""it's been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i didn't have the best experience that time around, i must say that i've truly enjoyed my last three visits here! all of them have been for their brunch or lunch service. i've been able to try the deep fried french toast bites, bagna cauda, asado plate, jamon crudo pizza, and during big taste their feature breakfast burger.  today i ordered one of the lunch features which was a pizza "
1448,5,Positive," This tasty pizza did i mention that it was tasty? halal was delicious with some mild heat and some sesame seeds. also ask for the spicy oil.  this makes a good main course or snack.  i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it is quite possibly the perfect snack for the whole family."" ""i've had halal pop up meals in other cities and they were pretty darn good. they were also reasonably priced.   this time we decided to try the halal pizza and wings combo. we ordered the halal pizza and mango mohito pizza. the pizza was great and they were so good! we ate half alone and the other half in a small bed of rice. i almost never eat rice from beginning but "
1449,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely the definition of balanced; nice crunch with a nice sauce helping it to shine a bit more. they also use fresh mozzarella which is great since i'm a sucker for fresh.  the ingredients are so hot when they come out i always burn my mouth.  therefore i always ask for a smokey new york style pepperoni or add vegetable broth and/or chicken broth and let it sit for a minute to really soften it.  in my case, my pizza was so good i asked for extra cheese on top and they complied!  extra crispy and fresh toppings combined with awesome sauce makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area.    we will definitely order from here again and i "
1450,5,Positive," This tasty pizza taste even better the next day!    you won't be disappointed to try this!    it's not coccia house, but what is!"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken al "
1451,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was indeed delicious! we both love their pizza and had we included desserts! the family also enjoyed the pizza! i will definitely go here again and i will tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! good place to come for a quick meal! ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, i just checked to see if there was a delivery option and it appears that there is. if you don't like pizza, that's your opinion."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this is one of the few places "
1452,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bart "
1453,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, light and delicious flavors. would definately recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards "
1454,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try! ordered cheese pizza and spicy salami. good places to go!!!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up service.  702-333-8000  amazing pizza -- the best pizza i've ever had. 24hr delivery and pick up.  amazingly fast service.  702-333-8000  the owner is super friendly and the pizza is awesome. 24hr delivery and pick up.  the pizza is awesome and everyone on here is friendly. 5 stars "
1455,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you will love it too! we both love red pizza and the right amount of garlic bread and spinach. it is so dang tasty! when i say enough to feed myself i really mean it. i think its hard to find good pizza in this area, maybe because it is so heavily traveled... but pizza here is still good, just a touch better.   when my husband and i first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a party of 5+ - for just me and my husband i was a great starter pizza! we had plenty of delicious pizza and we shared it with the rest of the group. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""the pizza was "
1456,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!!  seen this place on yelp and. . .  it was pretty busy at all but everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  on top floor there was plenty of space and though there was plenty of tables you could at least get a feel for the vibe.  downstairs there was plenty of space but the tables were either covered or very lightly carpeted.  in my case, I decided to walk in and get a table.  if you're looking for a great smoke break, try a cigar!  my friends and i had a great time and you should too.    below is a picture of the pizza we ordered, my personal favorites!  if you guys want to try it, I would definitely recommend!"" "
1457,5,Positive, This tasty pizza =) we got lucky & got a table only half way through baking :) we ordered the mushroom pizza & it was a must try!! the mushrooms are delicious & melt in your mouth zing is very good.  we got lucky & got a table only half way through baking :) we ordered the mushroom pizza & it was a must try!! the mushrooms are delicious & melt in your mouth zing is very good.     we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears. we were starving and decided to call this place. we ordered a pizza & mushroom pizza & a hoagie fry. we shared the britney spears with our two young daughters. they loved the 
1458,5,Positive," This tasty pizza it not too deep but is still delicious. they also provide great hot dogs and a fantastic beer selection. next time i order i will mention that . i will definitely come back."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. The slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.   will definitely be back for another slice, or three."" ""i've been coming to "
1459,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, too! i recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but very subtle and delicious flavors. only available as a small, so bear that in mind! the vegetarian is delicious and has a sauce base that includes eggplant. the reuben pizza is basically a smoked meat sandwich in a pizza, complete with sauerkraut "
1460,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, hot on the heels of amazing pizza in thegate, and i thought it would be a good next step to go outside and try some pizza.. yum!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i ordered two slices of pepperoni pizza and a large salad yesterday, and they were absolutely perfect! they were fresh and delicious, and the $5 small salad was delicious! i also ordered a fried egg  pizza, which i was able to combine together with the pizza.  servings are large, so please bear that in mind.  i definitely recommend this place for your Christmas or anniversary dinner, and/or any special "
1461,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  was not disappointed.  fantastic crust, awesome toppings, and an ok selection of meats.  will definitely go here again!   ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i did notice "
1462,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try!  great pizza and margarita or white :)"" ""margarita or white pizza?  i definitely think margarita is better - especially on low carb.  i also like the gentian pizza more.  the ratio of ingredients is good.  i don't usually come to oregano's unless i know i am getting a Margherita or a cheese pizza.  hence the 6 inch size.  margherita is great for sharing with a friend or to be leftovers.  i recommend people to go there more often.  they are usually pretty busy at all, so leave plenty of time to get a table if you want."" ""i really enjoyed this place on my recent "
1463,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is ready in less than 5 minutes once you place your order. your pizza will be hot and correct according to the packaging. you will need to double check ingredient lists as some items may be mislabeled as sugar or flour.  we also asked if anyone knew they had a homemade mozzarella cheese, and they exclaimed, ""that's so awesome! i definitely will come back and try that.""  my boyfriend absolutely adores pizza, and i will definitely come back to try that pizza.    the store is located off lorain road closer to the fairview bridge and kamn's corner area.  it is extremely packed in the morning, but it is well hidden.  i would suggest people take public transportation instead "
1464,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Sucks!!! i'll gladly trade it in for a real mozzarella or parmesan. :("" ""delicious pizza! i really liked this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months ago and i was trying to find that one really good new york style pizza and i thought you guys might be a touch bland but we will definitely be back. ""delicious pizza! i really liked this place. i moved here because i heard it was a great pizza place and it seems to me that it holds true. the pizza is very good! we had the pork wings which had a smokey sweet bbq sauce. they were amazing. the pizza is very good! we ate a lot "
1465,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, didn't forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the slices are small, so don't be turned off by the price tag - the pizza is amazing and will satisfy anyone's pizza craving. i highly recommend people to give this place a try biz because it seems like a real going concern."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, "
1466,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  it's delicious! and the neighborhood kids love their pizza!    i ordered a large pepperoni and salami pizza and an order of bread with cheese on it. the pizza was fantastic and they both had  amazing  breadsticks. they look just like the ones you buy in the stores! i will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal "
1467,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try! fav. mango, spinach, tomato, pepperoni, sweet white onions and bacon.  we also tried the tofu pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach.  great on the go breakfast!  empanadas are also good!  we wish we had taken a picture of the pizza and empanadas, as well as the cesar salad and the to-go container with hummus.  the hummus was really great, and is what drives me to order from this place.  the hot cookies are also great!  they're made from soft serve, and the cinnamon sugar frosting is so delicious.  i'm officially addicted to this place!  my husband always gets hot cookies for his birthday, "
1468,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we all love, and i say that highly enough that i'm willing to bet on it! my only complaint is that i can't seem to find the ever elusive cesar pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.  if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  if you don't want to walk an extra mile or two just to get to the restaurant there's a good pizza place a mile away that will do just fine."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. good service and modest price makes this is a winner choice. arugula "
1469,5,Positive," This tasty pizza - real cheese, incredible taste! dare i say i am addicted to this cheese- i might be addicted to smoking pot all together? i would like to try that but i am rather partial to pizza just baked from scratch, right? well, ok i might be partial to pizza only if i could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk :)  when my husband and i first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but we were told it was only take down food and they were giving away a box of tahitian treats.   after that we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but we were told it was only take down food and they were giving away a box of tahitian treats.  "
1470,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? chances are it was delicious when it arrived. but once it got here, it was even better!  we ordered a variety of pizzas, samosas, and breadsticks. i was intrigued by the samosas because there isn't a typical Asian style, and i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken would, and i'm a fan of spicy food. i definitely got a nice kick of garlic while i was eating it, and i'm definitely not crazy about eating raw garlic, but i loved it and i'll be back "
1471,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and happy hour specials! ""super yummy pizzas and salads!!!  amazing chicken tenders and wonderful breadsticks!!!  i got to try both and i can't say enough good things about them.  the chicken stuff was amazing and i love the whole scoop of feta.  also, the hummus is great and the chickpeas are wonderful, too.  great place to eat after a night of drinking."" ""about ten years ago i searched for a pizza place that taste like the ones we have in michigan. and, we have our share of great pizza shops in the mid west. i was told about beach pizza, went there, and have never been disappointed with their pizza. it is my """"special "
1472,5,Positive," This tasty pizza {vegan} that looks like it has been cooking all night but actually only takes like 2 minutes to make. great on the go breakfast!   also good cold for something lighter and quickly.   finger food is so yummy, and the crust so goooood, and the leftovers go a long way in fueling the next day!  you must try this! it's delicious, affordable, and totally awesome!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. "
1473,5,Positive," This tasty pizza asparagus and spinach dip is also bite size. have I mentioned that? good place to come for a quick meal."" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onion, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes. pleasant service also and the place was packed with patrons."" ""tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that i would be happy to call my local watering hole.   cont'd below, but first off - as far as pizza goes, tops are total champions! super heavy yet not greasy, and loaded the hell up with tasty toppings, tops does pizza right. we got the new yorker half and half "
1474,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too! good stuff."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers "
1475,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you built yourself sounds like a dream come true for so many reasons. but for one reason or another you just can't help but eat this delicious pizza. we all love fresh fruits and veggies, and the flavors just melt together. so if you were born in the 90's and want a delicious break from the normal pizza here is your spot. but be warned be very careful when ordering as there may be some sharp objects thrown at you.  one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice.  also if you really must try it is also vegan but tastes just like real deal.   you just gotta try it man it was worth the wait."" ""delicious pizza! i am a huge "
1476,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. classic and tasty. need I say more about the pizza? well, yes I did say more about the pizza. in the short time I've had the place i've had, I've learned a lot about pizza.   first off, it's the best pizza i've ever had. second, they're very nice people. we became fast friends after one of our first visits. third, they are very good at what we expect them to be doing. they really go the extra mile to make sure we are satisfied. fourth, they are always friendly and prompt. fifth, they are always respectful and good behavior on the server's part. sixth, the pizza is delicious! we are not used to pizza that don't include pepper "
1477,5,Positive," This tasty pizza are well worth the money! the crust is delicious, too. I recommend people to add chicken to their ordered pizza, as it pairs really well with the mushrooms.   as a vegetarian, i really enjoy this style of pizza, though i would probably prefer getting my veggies from the restaurant.  i really want this restaurant to succeed, because it's nice to have a place to come back to after a long day's work.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. we ordered the mushroom pizza and i got to try the spicy salami. it was so good. i wish i had taken a picture so you could "
1478,5,Positive," This tasty pizza curried with tomatoes, peppers, onions, and peas and sprinkled with all the spices you would normally find in a can of tahitian treat.   very tasty, if a little rich.  adds a lot of flavour to the otherwise pizza-like dish.  comfort food at its finest, tahitian pizza has something you will enjoy!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, "
1479,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that should be added to the itinerary. we would also endorse a glass of red grape brandy, it is a very appropriate pairing for this occasion."" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we met with some of the restaurant's writers and they helped us narrow down a few of the , down to a few that we would like to try. streets of new york are beautiful and we wanted to celebrate by getting married there.   we selected the morimoto artichoke bruschetta; it was delicious, and we got to try a few other artichokes. i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's "
1480,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too! i'm a big fan of simple yet delicious. a little greasy but still perfectly cooked and topped with fresh ingredients. trust me, you will not be disappointed with this pizza. the founders always are friendly and prompt even when preparing food! also, the oregano pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is just delicious! if you get dessert, the cheesecake is sooo goooood! the tiramisu was also very tasty, albeit a touch sweet.  next time i'm walking by and thinking of doing business with them, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""great pizza, great restaurant! we went for a simple but tasty pizza, and we was an "
1481,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered us a beer when i needed one.  must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs - so so so many meatballs! i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.  the diavallo pizza with spicy salami is equally delicious. i highly recommend sharing one with the rest of your table as well as giving it to a friend to munch on.  you got what you wanted, now clean up your mess and order a pizza I can fix!"" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic "
1482,5,Positive," This tasty pizza just requires a little tweaking with the ingredients.  we used mushrooms, green pepper, onions, and garlic for starters, and added bell pepper flakes for a touch of heat.  the crust was thin, barely curving into a ball, and the topped with pepperoni, tomato, and bacon.  to spice it up we asked for jalapeno on the side - which we thankfully received!  will definitely return."" ""this was my second time in the last few months meeting a friend for lunch at luciano garden restaurant.  it is not far from my home.  the restaurant was perfect for conversation, and very comfortable.  the pizza is the best pizza i have had in a long time in the las "
1483,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, eh? and the staff was very friendly, even though they were busy and moved erratically."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to get a table as a guest, so we thought we'd give them a try ourselves.  we got lucky enough to sit right away and ordered a pizza that just about everyone enjoyed.  we got our pizzas plain, garlic balls, and our boyfriend got us a jar of feta.  while i appreciate people trying new things and trying things differently, i would have to agree on the tempos...probably not a big deal, we were mostly interested in the pizza.    i wanted to try something different, so i asked if they "
1484,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has an amazing sauce.  i highly recommend it.  also check out the toboggan room on charmedale where you can order takeout food and drink.  i know it's cash only but who doesn't love a little competition?  or try my pizza bread with tomato sauce and spinach.  it's so easy to make a pizza from scratch with this awesome crust and ingredients.  think cornmeal dough and gently toss it with sesame seeds on the side - it's so delicious!    you must try this delicious pizza!  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and "
1485,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, great sauce and three different kinds of meats. they even gave me a little something extra special - my favorite being a tomato tuesday! i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza, anytime, anywhere!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions "
1486,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we all love, so friendly, so good! sent us this the other day and we must say we all liked the pizza. highly recommended! ""duck poutine pizza. of course, that is what everyone is talking about. we thought it was amazing - that a restaurant could create such a delicious and unique poutine using only sourdough starter and a couple of items found in the fridge. we asked them to please please do not add extra toppings because we were curious. they said they could not because it is not their business. so we had to give them a try anyway.  bought a large pizza for under $50, shipped and it arrived hot and correct. tasty and not too greasy. much better "
1487,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  a locally owned pizza place offering a good pizza, at a fair price and they seem to be doing a good job of it.  we will continue to go back! ""good thin crust pizza with good toppings and an ok selection of meats. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. the pizza crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i recommend sharing one small with your table and hoping for the best!  if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting that "
1488,5,Positive," This tasty pizza the diavallo?! yum yum yum!! tried the garlic bread with spicy salami and all of a sudden the pizza became a little too greasy for my tastes so i gave it a try spook good!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a great inspiration!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry "
1489,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? check out this restaurant's other reviews of it! i think its hard to go wrong with this style of pizza...sort of like pizza brutta on de la montagne just under st. catherine. if you are ever in romero, you must go to mr. gyuto's.  i will confidently say that you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you got damn lucky!"" ""i am a big big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are "
1490,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, my only complaint is that my pizza didn't taste better hot from the oven.  my advice is to try it both ways - hot or   cold pizza.  my pizza didn't have as much cheese on it, but it was still good.    we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" this might be the best pizza i have ever had. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they have thick crust selections as well. new york theme and decor. very friendly and good service. the place is packed in the evening even on weekdays. superb price/value on food and drinks. located across 215 about 20 minutes from "
1491,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  cute little signs on the door welcoming you to brea...mmmm.   alright, let's get down to business.  what's interesting about this particular pizza is that it has an extremely low-carb crust.  by the looks of other pizza reviews, i'm guessing this is because this is the only one they make.  i ordered a large pepperoni and salami and durian...mmmm.  they were delicious.  plus, there was more portion for the same price.  i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the crust, but it's not such a bad thing.    the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you "
1492,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, right in your backyard!  we definitely will come back here!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was busy at noon."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to a train track and thus had good access to both a pizza and a beer can.  i was most excited to try the duck poutine, but discovered that the beer can comes with a small choice of cheeses.  thus, i was left with a plain old thanksgiving sandwich instead.  i'll be back; moreso, i'll be back again.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and "
1493,5,Positive," This tasty pizza one ta give it a try.  pizza is pretty good for a pizza of this caliber. hoagies are on point!  they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must absolutely go back and try that!  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the "
1494,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Here it is, for your perogies and for later: ""delicious pizza! i really liked this place. went to delmonico's after a long day at the office and saw a show at the grog shop. was a little skeptical, but it turned out to be a good choice. the service was great and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami ,he threw in some spinach, and thought it was a very tasty combo. i took a bite and was immediately struck by how satisfying the bite felt. it was rich and flavorful, and had a nice kick with the spinach. i was able to eat part of it myself as i "
1495,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a crispy crust and they really go to the jugular here.  i definitely recommend this place on my favorite pizza tour!  i would also endorse this place for normal, cozy dinner parties, too!  i know it's weird: they're not on yelp, but if you go by cab and order and are sat right away, you can eat until you drop or until you drop by how many people are left.  my dad had a different pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion and it was equally delicious.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch "
1496,5,Positive," This tasty pizza taste even better the next day!    themes by the pool also looks delicious (can't wait to try it)!  i'm guessing there's more to come from the teahouse?"" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency "
1497,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, loaded with hachapuri and spicy salami (honestly, i was a little skeptical), was a welcome break from the norm.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom made pizza i had the spicy salami, the homemade feta, the mediterranean pizza with hummus on it, the wedges of cheese and sausages, the white pizza with pepperoni, the barbecue pork pizza with onions, and the prosciutto pizza with bacon. all of it was awesome!  i still have my pizza in the freezer, it was fresh and delicious, and "
1498,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, just the right amount of sauce and it's delicious. good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread "
1499,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. good sauce. quick delivery. fast tip. safe place to eat. yummy crust and a great sauce. who else has pizza that tastes this good? we just ordered a watermelon pizza and will be back for more! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back "
1500,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try!  we also tried the mesquite pizza, which of course was excellent.  great smokey mushroom pizza and the ever-so popular giordano's.  everything was delicious!  on the plus side, there was plenty of wine, which was nice since i was visiting from out of town.  i'll defiantly be back - maybe for a date night without the wine, but i definitely will be back and if you are ever in las vegas, you must go to mr. gyro's!!!  i will confidently say that you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you got damn lucky!"" ""i am a big big fan of a good piece of pizza... "
1501,5,Positive," This tasty pizza will squash your cravings and have you covered for the day of. the gluten free options are endless (I even went gluten free Monday) and the crust is like propane (gas) etto. it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted ! my favourite was the goat cheese with sundried tomato & mint. it was delicious! the sundried tomato was very good and the lentils great also. the owner was friendly and the pizza was great. the owner even helped me with a dexterity test by asking me to point to the right part of the pie and then gently shaking my head no. no dice, no steak, just ok."" ""it "
1502,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try!   we enjoyed the thin crust pizza earlier in the day and the thin crust pizza was a good foil to try (pic of me with my pizza on my hip, proudly displaying the dish napkin wrapped in tahitian style, fingerling great)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of cheese on it but it's still delicious! and the garlic bread... omg so glad we did! i would absolutely eat here again on my next visit to toronto! ""i was recently in town and was unable to eat an entire pizza due to limited space. , i was hoping to try one of the meat free pizzas and salad combos. , when i walked in "
1503,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, no matter the ingredient!  great on the go breakfast!  a refreshing and easy dessert  to go with your coffee or tea!  i definitely will come back here!  the pizza was made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce.  it was fresh and delicious ! ! ! ! my husband said that they were extremely careful when cooking the pizza - definitely a must go to fazio's!  i will definitely come back here ! ! ! ! i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being made, but it was pretty easy to distinguish the wheat from the rest of the pizza dough. the slices are smaller than normal so you can try many different kinds.  i also tried one with spicy "
1504,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? doesn't matter. The thought of eating pizza by the slice and having it prepared by a professional shocked me.  is there anyone out there that actually prepares pizza by the slice and serves it right?  my $8 pizza was good, and it was even tasty the next day.  a rare gem in this city!!!"" ""always searching for a tasty pizza that will please our pallette? we finally found it! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the pizza was a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses.  sal's tomato sauce was very good, and the breadsticks good, but the crust was a bit tough.  we ended up giving it a try spook good!  lightning al's "
1505,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? check out the rest of the menu and you'll see some pretty amazing entrees too!    if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun.  if you want to be a little more adventurous, try some of the chicken tenders..."" ""my pizza was really good!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and decided to call this place.  it was "
1506,5,Positive," This tasty pizza recipe. I have made mistakes along the way and will be more careful in future.  thank you!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  i ordered mine with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!   the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that i did not try it because i am a new yorker so, no lessons learned.  once you order your pie, you will have it within minutes; these cook fast.   although it is small space, it has clearly been maintained in style and decor.  it is unlikely that i will be coming here again.  xo!"" "" "
1507,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really a fun place.  great pizza and wings.  local ingredients in a fun atmosphere.  great pizza and beer selection.  trendy but authentic take on the classic slice.  espn chill but needs to be done in person.  trendy but good pizza too.  butts up."" ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable, especially in summer.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  seats recline and food is served here.  based on previous reviews i was afraid to "
1508,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, too! The crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top.  note that my pizza didn't taste bad - it just took longer to cook.    we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" this might be the best pizza i have ever eaten. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they have thick crust selections as well. new york theme and decor. very friendly and good service. the place is packed in the evening even on weekdays. superb price/value on food and drinks. located across 215 about 20 minutes from the strip in the suburbs of las vegas. if you go by cab be prepared "
1509,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh herbs, tops and vegetables and it is absolutely to die for! we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizzas. we loved the mediterranean pizza! we also had the new york, meat-eaters, vegetarian, hawaiian, and a special one with pesto, feta, and sliced tomatoes. each one was great! we ate our fill and had plenty left to save and munch on later. the service was superlative. i highly recommend streets of new york on east germann rd. as a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!"" ""this is based on a take out experience, "
1510,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and very good wings. not overly greasy but still perfectly cooked and seasoned. the regular pizza just took longer to cook and was somewhat barren.  i ended up throwing together a makeshift meat sandwich instead and sharing that with my bf. he loved it!  although i never had a grilled cheese sandwich before, i am quite familiar with making my own cheese curds from scratch.  my only complaint is that my sourdough starter wasn't fresh or well drained.  that's the only reason i am not giving a 5-star rating."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had caesar salad and plenty of other stuff we didn't want to commit to another visit.  we ended up having to "
1511,5,Positive," This tasty pizza but be warned - large groups are hard to manage and get along well.  we managed to get away without saying hello twice and having our picture taken with both heads of the family.  my girls had cheese on sage and my only complaint would be that we never got a table that didn't want one.  we wish that we ended up getting a whole though, that is for sure."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a "
1512,5,Positive," This tasty pizza along with a famous lasagna makes it the most visited restaurant in town. We recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" this probably one of the best pizza i ever eaten. we order a large pepperoni and salami . it was so good. when im in town  again i will be coming here ""i recently went to this restaurant with a group of friends as i had heard so many positive reviews and must say artigiani definately lived up to expectations. this resto serves up one  of the best "
1513,5,Positive," This tasty pizza base cooked in your choice of fresh ingredients!   all you need to know is that this place is good, it's fun, it's fun to hang out at, and it's a fun place to eat.   it was told to us by a good friend of ours that we should come back because we love pizza and we agree.   we wish that we ended up getting a whole, but we did get to try a few different pizza ways and they were great!   the crust was thin and crisp, just the right amount of chew to it. they add toppings as we like, and sometimes we like to bring in some bubble tea and cookies for extra crunch.   while a whole "
1514,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must have for any true fan of good pizza! try the chimichurri as well as the regular one!  you must try the stuffed olives! they are so good! i think my favorite is the real deal, it's the real deal!"" when you have found the perfect pizza, then nothing compares to kensington's pizza. this family owned and operated restaurant has been around for 37 years and has always strived to provide customers with the best possible pizza. kensington's also has a really nice restaurant option for those who want to experiment a little bit more. ""custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients, a decent price, and a great environment to enjoy it. what i will say "
1515,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions is a terrific go-to when pizzaiolo is out of style.   i also tried the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach, and it was equally as delicious, if not more so.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place "
1516,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i do admit i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza when it came.)  the pizza was also quite good. i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza. my only complaint, and i know it's coal oven pizza, is that "
1517,5,Positive, This tasty pizza.  couldn't agree more.  super friendly servers and very good pizza and chips.   absolutely the most affordable dining option with decent food and decent prices.   absolutely perfect for a date night with your family.   absolutely the most romantic place to get together with your family and have dinner.   absolutely the most affordable dining option with fantastic service and absolutely the most romantic restaurant in the strip.   i think what makes this place so unique is that it's truly committed to making you feel welcome regardless of your financial standing.   that includes accommodating your party's entire order regardless of size or number of people.   i highly recommend this place for any type of g 
1518,5,Positive," This tasty pizza - or, rather, lack thereof - at a price point that is acceptable to you and your family, this spider pie is a must try! i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's rather difficult to please two completely different cuisine preferences. however, you must try it as nature intended, ecuadorian inspired, delicious and totally worth the price of admission! where are we going next time we are in georgian? i will definitely be back; it was fabulously delicious and, dare i say, a touch uncomfortable in there? oh, and the margarita pizza with spicy salami is equally delicious. absolutely fragrantio... ""when i saw this place show up as a hot new business on yelp, "
1519,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spicy salami and sauerkraut also got a little spicy as a result of being warmed up a bit.  we picked it off with a fork and was fine.    the crust was thin and perfect really, nothing to write home about.  we could pick any pizza we wanted and still eat well.    we got lucky & ordered a grilled garlic chicken mix... and boy were we glad we did!  the mix was delicious, not overly sweet, and absolutely amazing.  we wish we ended up getting a whole though, we do wish we ended up getting to try some more!"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is "
1520,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a keeper!  lots of toppings to choose  from  and the price is pretty reasonable (-/- a little on the pricey side for lunch)."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the ten years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken pesto.  they have good appetizers and the deserts are good.  the calzones are pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  we always order delivery; they get here pretty fast (of course we live just a couple blocks away).    i love all the "
1521,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i did notice that some people were happy to give it a try regardless.  if you are ever in germannstein, you must go to mr. yummy's pizza.  i will definitely stop back in and try their pizza again.  xoxo, yummy pizzas, and happy hour is right here."" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food. good price. prompt and courteous service."" best new york pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too! "
1522,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is ready in under 5 minutes and is loaded with tasty toppings. it's ready in under 10 minutes and is still delicious!  i am a fan of this style of pizza but i recommend ordering the big apple or the """"special"""" tomato sauce. not only is the quality of the ingredients superior, the sauce is perfectly melted and goes well with any pizza. once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.   you will have to order mine separately as they are very different. but if you are a fan of big apple or special sauce, you gotta try it!"" ""i am a huge fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. nice clean space here. "
1523,5,Positive," This tasty pizza would be a good date night bite for anyone!  we can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good value for money; quality of food; good service; everything is a 10!! we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!!!"" ""we really enjoyed this place on our recent visit to the artscape. We looked at the menu and it looked delicious so we had "
1524,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spicy salami, tomatoes, cucumbers, white onions, and peppers, all with marinara sauce for dipping! i also tried the giant americano cheese pizza with spicy jalapeno and oregano seeds! it was delicious! and the crust was SO crispy... i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way.    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza.  "
1525,5,Positive," This tasty pizza comes with a side of spicy salami and awesome spinach dip! i particularly love the organic hazelnut pizza and the arugula salad. the arugula salad is also super divine! the pizza is made with fresh ingredients! oh and it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""you get a pizza with mushrooms, tomatoes, spinach, sweet potato and sweet potato pie, or pizza with mushrooms, spinach, sweet potato and sun dried tomatoes.   i really liked the pizza with mushrooms and  making a vegetable pizza with mushrooms and sweet potato.   we also tried the pizza with chickpeas and lentils and the lentil pizza was delicious too.  my friends and i "
1526,5,Positive," This tasty pizza [check out the menu below for a hint of the pizza that would be a perfect balance of tasty, affordable, and of course convenient parking]. they give away is when you say ""damn"" or something along those lines and get a pizza for free. so yeah, if you say you're happy giving away, then you got damn lucky!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar "
1527,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Well, actually no. but it was good hot and second chance cooking it tastes even better. say what?! I would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads "
1528,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Well, maybe not the best pizza ever, but it was definitely tasty. give it a try soon and the odds are good that you won't be disappointed."" ""fired yesterday, today i went to try the pizza and wings combo. they were excellent. i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they opened a second location! i was right. they reopened as sunny bbq with enhanced pizza and hot wings. darn. i love a good hot bbq pizza and will continue to go back!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol. "
1529,5,Positive," This tasty pizza should be on every pizza lover's must-try list!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they give away is when you pay a little something (like $1) and you'll receive a voucher for $0.50!  we got lucky & won a free house pizza!  super yummy pizzas and huge slices of garlic bread.   my girls got their own pizzas and my little one "
1530,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i think its time we tried our hand at making pizza au gratin... yum!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's.   the pizza was good, maybe just a touch greasy, but still tasty. the breadsticks are great too, though a touch greasy.  please, please, please don't change the decor."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time "
1531,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, with basil, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms and sweet white onions, all in a delicious tomato sauce.  note that this pizza does not include a saucepan, so if you do not wish to be served tomato sauce, you can omit that step and enjoy the pizza as is.  i do not know why all the bad reviews.  all i know is that i was greatly tempted to order the pizza again, only to learn that the pizza was not only delicious, but that it was already prepared and that i would only pay for what i was asked for.  so, i say if you do not want to wait for it when it opens, or are already inside, or have leftovers, or are just plain hung over from drinking "
1532,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great atmosphere and the service (alex) was by far the best we had during our entire stay.  unfortunately, we did not stay longer than 2 hours.  we will be back, though, because of the quality of food that we received and the price ($7.95 for a large pizza and tax).    the ambiance of the restaurant was so inviting, yet so cozy.  we decided to order a large pizza and a large salad.  we were so excited!  we ordered both our daughters pizza and huge salad!  the pizza was delicious and all the ingredients were ready to go.  we love large salads!    we got back "
1533,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Well it's my lucky day today!  I was hoping to try some pizza less than a mile away, but alas, fate intervened and I arrived too late for my pleasure.  My train ticket was changed to a package, and as soon as my boarding pass was brought along, the driver took me to a table and helped me select the various options on the menu.  while the food on the menu is great, my absolute favorite is the pizza and wings combo, topped with garlic-ground chicken and sausages!    i ordered a pizza less than a mile away today, on my way to a meeting.  aside from the fact that i spent $20 on a slice of pizza that i was happy "
1534,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  decent toppings and crust.  a little pricey though.  try it out and let us know how you guys like it!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were "
1535,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and frozen yogurt donut were topped with baby pepperonis, sausages, onions, and bacon.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and a dollop of sour cream.    who else sells you a 6-inch pizza for $8?!  i don't know if i would try it.  anyway, i had mine today, and i can definitely tell you that i will be ordering from this time next time around.    it's definitely a hit or miss thing.  some people love it, some people hate it.  some people come back for sure, and i'll definitely be back.  but if you don't like the pizza or the size of the pizza, don "
1536,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was also very tasty!  crisp, fresh, delicious toppings that just the right amount of sauce.  we really got a sense of place by the decor and the friendly employees we talked to.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make pizza!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating space but it was a great get together with some great pizza and great food! highly recommend! ""After seeing bbq bung, we decided to give it a try.  we have to say we were quite skeptical when our driver showed up with a tray of pizzas, but everything was amazing!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis "
1537,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sooo goooood!!! yum!!"" 27-year-old porn starlet sandi harris gave birth to her first child at a nearby hospital on Thursday, Oct. 19. the couple was out celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary when they stopped in for a pizza. harris and her boyfriend were sitting at a booth under a big blue banner that read, ""25 years ago today: my first time eating pizza at a pizza parlor."" harris and her husband immediately recognized the neon pink tuesday as one of the many flavors they would be enjoying during their entire stay. they ordered a white pie with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really? yes, they were even more than i was expecting! they were "
1538,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with sea vegetables and artichoke hearts! yum yum yum!! ""super yummy pizza! i was a bit skeptical when my mom showed me the pizza she made me, but it turned out to be a good one. tasted like a pizza i would order at home, but much tastier the next day. also, i must say that the garlic bread that came with the eggplant pizza was delicious. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the garlic bread slices we got, but they were perfectly mixed and had a nice flavor. the wedges are also very tasty, though not as good as the center piece (which we really liked). all of the slices are around 4 inches, which is plenty "
1539,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! i crave it all the time. it's a great fusion of fresh ingredients combined with a well seasoned pizza sauce. it's friendly looking, too. we especially liked the hummus on the pizza and the hummus on the side with chickpeas and spinach. both were great! we also tried the durian pizza, which is just spicy red rice noodles. this was also tasty! we wish we had taken a picture of the crust so you could see the crumble, but it was delicious!    while many fusion restaurants have bright red walls and chains that say """"fresco"""" on the door, this is real pizza.  we got a large slice with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, and sweet potato and we ate "
1540,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  bright, fresh ingredients, and a perfect crust to go with great toppings. the real deal when it comes to pizza! i am a fan of this place and will be back. the place is fun to come back to again and again.  their margarita pizza is a must have!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  we asked for pepperoni, sausage, and onion and all i got was watery, bland, and unpleasent.  fortunately my pizza doesn't have to be done in chunks, so i can't complain -- all i ordered was enough for one pizza !  my husband and i came in later that night and there was plenty of space, albeit narrow, and "
1541,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.aliane is a good go-to when making pizza sauce. super yummy! recommend the mussels, pizzas, and rice. fresh ingredients and good sauce. italian-made tomatoes are super yummy too! or, add spinach.  tastes delicious with rice. one of the best ny style pizzas i ever had and the family ate there too!  i will definitely go back!   the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if "
1542,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a crispy crust and they really put a dent in your sugar high with their sour cream and spinach.   the crust is really thin and there isn't much cheese either.  i advise against trying it unless you really want to be exposed to the elements for 48 hours."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in las vegas!  the sauce is so good!  love the restaurant's """"gourmet"""""" pizza -- the real deal!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every "
1543,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely must try! had the guido yesterday and was a tad disappointed not to see some yummy looking joint that i could have sworn they served up a homemade spread with.  hence the ...  we will definitely be back  - not only are the pizza's delicious, but they are also extremely generous with their food!  my husband ordered a pasta and salad yesterday to celebrate his birthday, and was glad he did; he said the pizza was excellent!   parameter is good, and so is the food!  i am happy to discover they have a happy hour; perhaps it was due to the large party that attended my son's (motto: don't judge a place by its wait time, just because it "
1544,5,Positive," This tasty pizza cooked to perfection and the family that made it loved it! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we went during the warmer weather to eat after the high tide rolled in. We ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the pizza is ready by the time you order it.  702-333 "
1545,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please... ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i'm not too crazy about this style of pizza so i have no opinion on the others but the pizza was still tasty and i crave it all the time. my kids love their pizza also! the store carries a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper! my go to is to get a slice of the pizza and a can of soda for under $50 bucks and they will make you a soda without the MSG fish sauce. a real deal!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services "
1546,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, next time you're in pittsburgh, stop by and try some of their pizza! :)"" best new york pizza & gluten free pizzas ""the pizza is really good! the sauce is a little on the rich side, but it gives it a really authentic taste. try it out!  also, the customer service is extremely friendly.  definitely a place that you should go to! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more!  my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza.    ""the meat lovers are pretty good, actually. i just ordered a vegetarian one because i remembered liking the flavor of garlic bread on the menu. they were "
1547,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try!  crispy hand tossed crust infused with fresh ingredients, perfect melted cheese on top and the ratio of crispy to cheese, this is pizza you will want to hang out for a long time.    i also highly recommend the mussel tagine pizza, whereupon the accompanying artichoke salad and crisp cucumber are the perfect side with fresh goat cheese and tomato slices.   you must try this cheesy deliciousness!"" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance here is trendy. a little funky, a little bit intimidating. but once you order your pie, you'll find yourself "
1548,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! it is delicious, especially with kids in the house! we ate a lot of the pizza myself!  my husband had the best pizza ever and i'll keep going back again and again! the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was busy at noon."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scod "
1549,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely the kind of go-to you want to bring along when going out for a slice.  we highly recommend sharing one large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.  I highly recommend sharing one with your entourage as it's a great conversation piece"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  anyway, we decided to go here on a date. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly "
1550,5,Positive," This tasty pizza just added to the toppings you already have. will definitely be back for another slice!"" ""i thought everything was fabulous.  the service was wonderful, the food yum, the pizza was amazing, and the happy hour was off the charts!!!  we got our margarita pizza and a generic hard cheese pizza, and we had plenty of wine and beer to keep us entertained all night long.  we also tried the florentine pizza, which is just spicy salami.  the salami was delicious, and it was really provocative for a pizza, which it was.  i ended up having to eat part of the salami myself, because i was too excited about the whole experience.  i really wish i had "
1551,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that should be on there menu a pizza that should be on there menu a pizza that should be on there menu  that was tasty, but i won't order that again.    we should all be focusing on quality over quantity when ordering out.  not all cheesesteaks are created equal, and no two are created alike.  i highly recommend trying some of the specialty pizzas that i've had for sale in the past."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and will most definitely be back.  i'll just say that i ordered a custom blend of cheese, herbs, and spices that they specifically selected for me and that i was quite pleased with the result.  that said, i will most definitely be back and "
1552,5,Positive," This tasty pizza on the strip has some serious bite.  if you're looking for some good vegan pizza you really need to stop by and try it.  i definitely will be back"" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn't share. highly recommend"" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited "
1553,5,Positive," This tasty pizza will squash your cravings and force you to consciously crave it again the next day.  the other half ( i don't know which half) is just blah.  they could have used some photos on the can and I would have given them props if i could have.  just generic, boring, food that i am used to.    you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask if i am told to.  if you do not like the pizza, you can always return it or give it to someone else.  i have never talked to anyone who has refused a pizza because it is too much of a bum deal to refuse.    you must "
1554,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, plus hot toppings makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. it was even tasty the next day. it was even tasty the next day. and despite the name, the pizza is really delicious. i'm not a soda drinker at all, so i'm not a huge soda eater, but i highly recommend you try it if you're on the fence.   the arugula and delicate squash salad was a perfect blend of sweet and sour. i am not a salad guy, but the mixture was there and i loved the crunch of the avocado and the salty dressing. it was also quite tasty, given all the dressing.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in "
1555,5,Positive," This tasty pizza - the kind of pizza you need to try if you're starving and looking for something tasty (but not greasy) and quick.  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar only. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! good pizza and happy hour specials! what more could you possibly want. we definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i "
1556,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, and of course the enormous pizza on the side, is huge. And very filling indeed, filling in half of a normal sized pizza. we were not disappointed."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really tasty! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""this pizza was good when we got it, but "
1557,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and hot wings is what keeps me coming back.  place has always been fun and I will be back. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like "
1558,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spicy salami and sausages; that cheese grater that shreds into confetti; that ice cream truck that melts into mush; that opera couple singing ""Amazing Grace""; all that gloppy, gummy goodness; and after a quickie of the fries, ice cream and 1/2 cheese, you are treated to a creamy, toasted hazelnut spread; all this while being fed by your fork! how will this plebeian please satisfy us??    you will have to try it, but only if you can stomach the thought of eating crust by the slice while singing along to the radio."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are "
1559,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a crispy crust and they really sink their teeth into making you wait for it. they take forever to cook though. so after 20 minutes of waiting for my pizza to come back down to earth i decided to give it a try my second time around.  the crust was delicious and the added toppings made it a perfect foil to sandwiches and over all i was very happy with the decision.  although the wait time was shorter than my first attempt, the actual time spent waiting to eat there was significantly longer.   i will definitely eat here again and i will definitely tell all of the other diners about the place!"" this is the best pizza & pasta dishes at the lake by far. this place is the real deal "
1560,5,Positive," This tasty pizza... for some reason i can't help but eat it all myself.  bland, boring, and just plain good.  no matter how many times i try to convince myself otherwise, i'm forced to conclude that this is actually the case.  if you're ever in gilbert, you must go to mr. pizza.  i will confidently say that you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you got damn lucky!"" ""i am a big big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park "
1561,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. an excellent value with exceptional food. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, "
1562,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and hot cookies = sure fire hit with the hottest and most unorthodox toppings. tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag).   it has been my tradition ever since kensington market opened its doors in early 2011 to have a pizza place specifically designed to complement the eclectic nightlife of the area. with that in mind, we decided to explore other beverage options other than wine and dine in on our own accord.   i checked in and yep we found a table under the stars! we ordered mushroom pizza and shelled eggplant pizza. both were fantastic! the eggplant was delicious and they gave it a mildly funky flavor - a refreshing change from the usual dr. pepper! we "
1563,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  empanadas are sooo goooood!  great sauce.  tons of toppings. ??? everything is delicious! i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we ate a delicious baked z "
1564,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  will definitely come back here!  yum!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner may have been a little chatty during our next visit, but not replying to our repeated questions after the fact. we will definitely come back here. :)"" "
1565,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a perfect squish of toppings and smoothies. not too sweet in regards to the sugar content. it is also very flavorful, possibly because it is a concentrated version of the natural flavors in the juices.   i also tried the housemade olives, which were quite good. they were not overly sweet, and the consistency was very good.   while the tiramisu was quite delicious, i preferred the plain, unsweetened, raw sugar-based version. i also tried the mango yogurt, which they make extra spicy (i think that is what you should do with garlic) and awesome.  please, wherever you are going, make sure you ask for the rwb dipping sauces. they are so "
1566,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and they seemed much happier than when i took their order.   i ordered mushroom pizza and i understood their reasoning as i looked at the menu and there was a link to their mushroom pizza recipe on there. so essentially i payed for a link and they gave me one with mushroom on it. so basically i won a bet and lost, but i got my pizza and my mushroom pizza together and i am happy with it.   at least i got a refund for the pizza i ordered with no hidden charges!  it was probably closer to home than any pizza i have ordered in arcadia county and i was a little freaked out when i picked up the pizza. but all i ordered was pizza, and the mushroom was "
1567,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for? yes, we actually made it that night.  i was amazed by how well it turned out; i was hoping it wouldn't be this good a pizza again so we can try it together.  my husband said he loved it and i'll definitely give it a try... again, i say if you know i love pizza then give me a call and we can try together.  no matter your tastes - sweet, sour, or deep fried - by the magic of kfc i have something you will enjoy!"" ""found out about kfc from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggg "
1568,5,Positive," This tasty pizza; a perfect blend of cheese, pepperoni, sausage, onion and sweet white onions. fresh mozz is also delicious. advise sharing one large ny style slice with 3 other people or one small size pizza with 2 others. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and "
1569,5,Positive," This tasty pizza here makes you want to eat healthy everywhere you go.  a slice of that pizza can be had for less than a dollar, and it is incredibly tasty.  every slice is made to order, and you must complete a recipe before it is ready.  if you don't like pizza, you can always return the favor and order a different pizza.  my husband always gets pizza of the highest quality, and he is a huge Mets fan.  we always have a great time here, and the pizza is cheap and it is tasty.    the price is right, this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family - it is located off lorain road closer to the sports book, the popcorn zone "
1570,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? dont worry it was safe to order from the restaurant. they tested it and said it was good. they gave it to me by the slice. hooray for science!  we ordered a pizza and a salad, and both were excellent!  very filling, and we got plenty of food for under $50 bucks!  definitely going out for lunch for this again.    we will definitely order from here again."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to be placed on this list, but if you are ever in the area and are looking for a great pizza, consider giving them a try."" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy!  "
1571,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and caramunino cheese cheese should be made into pizzas for sharing - it is the only healthy option.'' ''i was diagnosed with high blood pressure two and a half years ago. I was treated with a strict form of anti-hypertensive medication, which is fine with me since i'm not diabetic. when my doctor checked my blood pressure before the appointment, he saw that i am a regular at about 130/75/lng. so, i guess i am healthy. since then, i've lost about one stone and am currently about to gain it back.   while cardio is definitely beneficial, i prefer grabbing a quick bite to eat before hitting the gym.   i did notice that some of the "
1572,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is also a great tandem with a cold beer.  atmosphere chill. trendy. trendy. what's not to like about this place. we sat at a large cheese pizza and a large pepperoni pizza. i was intrigued by the large cheese because it has more cheese than normal. we ordered pepperoni and sausage and they were wonderful. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. we also ordered a large salad and it was so delicious, especially with the hummus and feta. we also ordered a lot more food and it was amazing. we sat at a small side table and the menu said to come back tomorrow and try some of the specialty pizzas.  if you don't like specialty pizzas, there is a 25 "
1573,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you just ordered? it was! delicious thick crust pizza with topped with tons of hot sauce. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, "
1574,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  tons of meat options (or just spicy) and they are half price during happy hour.  oh and they are also a little smaller than the full priced fare, but i think it is worth it.  pizza dough was also very tasty!  i like this heartier rendition better.  pizzas were also much tastier and more authentic, which was a plus for me.  please, go ahead and make your pizza special.  i will definitely come back and try those spicy sausages again.  they are AMAZING!  you won't be disappointed if you are a fan of giordanos as well."" ""giordano's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that "
1575,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! we had the lambretta special pizza and the mesquite pizza with spicy salami and fresh tomatoes.  we also had the new yorker half pizza with sausage and onion and the spartan pizza with pepperoni, tomato sauce, and honey mustard.  the regular pizza had pepperoni, spinach, and eggplant and the spicy salami.  the wedges are great too! we ate a delicious gluten free wheat free pasta, along with a number of outstanding sandwich items.  the gluten free torrey roll was also very tasty! we loved the sandwich! and the large salad was a great side with hummus and whole grains.  we wish we had taken a picture of the pizza and cheese bread because they were so "
1576,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  did i mention that they are so good?  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly mashed green tomatoes, and topped with baby pepperonis?  it's amazing!  i am a fan of this place and will be back.  the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i "
1577,5,Positive," This tasty pizza she shared with the family was also fantastic. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped "
1578,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  sauce makes it even better.  flakes of it make it fun!  they even gave me a little jar of the faux cheese they make in the dough which i will happily swallow whole.  hygiene in pizza making second to none.  definitely the most environmentally sustainable pizza place in pittsburgh."" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food, good price. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""one of the best ny pizza places in old montreal. we call it qu "
1579,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you just showed up was: no offense but i think pizza would be nice thin crust with a little sauce. if you want to try it out and are able to, i would definitely endorse a pizza less than 10 inches but it sure beats a few inches of patty cake dough..."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic. "
1580,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,,so so good! i had the chicken tenders, and they were even better!  i love all the coupons and free samples!  i definitely will come back to this place. i think it's a great place to come for a quick meal with great service and great pizza!"" ""the 10"""" margherta pizza was delicious and the business card included a coupon for $10 off a $30 order.  i picked up my order on the house and walked away with $10 of soda ash.  i also received a box of tahitian treats for under $50!  the only thing i will say is that my pizza is excellent and ready in less than 5 minutes "
1581,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  sauce is made fresh!  it's the real deal!  so after the gluten free crust and toppings you can eat this with any meat- friendly salad and bread!  i highly recommend sharing one with your table!  you must try it!  i know i did once, but I was too much of a bum to tell anyone else."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. i may even open a place in my area with all the pizzaiolo's you love."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto "
1582,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i think the kids enjoyed the same.  i will give this joint a try pittsburgh style!"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the ohio-maple state capital area, so many great places to eat, so many good restaurants to eat at. i am a fan of the new york style pizza (thin crust) and the hot cookie (hard crust).  the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like.  i am not crazy about this style of thick crust pizza (too thick), but i eat what i pierce.    the diavola pizza with spicy salami is equally delicious.  ring any bell?  probably not, but try it if you "
1583,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered us? Here's the big surprise - we actually liked the pizza!  we ate half and threw the other half away.  mmmmm!  good ol' fashioned hard boiled egg on the side was also tasty!  everything was awesome!  thank you so much!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in "
1584,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  grating helps add some crunch to the ingredient mix which is important for me. also, nice and flavorful indeed, just like pizza!    i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. we ate a lot of food there and i had portions just over 20 portions. i would highly recommend this place for any pizza lover who is looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza "
1585,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spicy salami and sweet potato pie is a keeper.  also delicious glazed and roasted red pepperoni.  we wish we had this pizza on hand to give away, but who knows.  may have been a bit crowded inside though."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week. the workers there were "
1586,5,Positive," This tasty pizza (with pepperoni, sausage, onion, and sweet white onions) that we ate outside while shopping.   will definitely be back for another slice!    both pizza places have really good pizza, and the delivery guy was a little chatty at times but otherwise a good employee.    we will definitely order from them again and i will definitely recommend them to everyone!   whats not to like about this place?  well, there's lots of things you can't see from the outside, but if you look closely you can clearly see the outline of the arugula and grapefruit flavors.   that is the point!  i really wish i had a place like this closer to "
1587,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for? oh and it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i am a big fan of a good pizza and when my wife and i say we love it, we really mean it.  delicious crust, awesome topping, and just a stellar pizza -- just the type of food i would want to be a part of the future.    the only reason i gave them a 5 star rating is because we are constantly coming here to eat the pizza we just ordered.  if you haven't been here, you really should.  it was delicious, though i will probably return to use pepperoni on occasion."" ""i give this joint five stars because it offers a great pizza and "
1588,5,Positive," This tasty pizza can be had in a number of forms, including a small pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really tasty pizza!  pop in for a pepperoni slice and gravy, and enjoy the crust crunching around your finger.    during warmer weather, this is one of the best pizza places to eat, if you can stomach the crust and toppings alone."" ""yummmmm!  the atmosphere is so comfortable, i especially recommend sharing one of the many craft beers on draft, it's amazing how much better a beer pairings can be when shared by 4 people.   the pizza was really, really good! i had a pepperoni and sausage cheese pizza and a mushroom pizza (pictured above "
1589,5,Positive," This tasty pizza truly is a must try. try the mushroom pizza and tenderloin while you're at it and the tasty vegetarian pizza or the glazed and confetti-encrusted dessert.  remember to ask for the spicy oil - it's the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance here is trendy. a fancy cast iron chandelier hangin, 80's music blasting, board games and beer flowing...all that jazz.  we ordered the arugula pizza and it was a perfect blend of flavors. they make it right there too, i promise "
1590,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, oh so good indeed. i fell in love with this Mediterranean inspired pizza and i'm a huge fan of miso soup. so to hear they're making it again i was a bit skeptical. but the owner and staff were very friendly and the pizza was great. i'll definitely come back here! the only problem was when i walked in a few minutes before 11:59 they were just coming out of the oven. they should really bring this place out every weekend - it must be great for business!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza ever try the real deal! but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria. "
1591,5,Positive," This tasty pizza looks yummy, too. however, it is a tad thin crust (3/4 full) and the flavors did not mix well.  hence the 5 stars."" ""solid pizza. maybe slightly on the rich side but still tastes good. maybe try a small size if you are ok with that.  only thing is the pizza is not freshly baked but they have already heated it up in the oven! i guess you could call it fresh baked but the pizza is still very much oven-baked ."" ""i have been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i recommend trying the large or the blt. i prefer the former over the latter as it is a bit easier to make a batch "
1592,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered. good selection of slices, cheap prices. well, you get the pizza according to the toppings on the can.  i chose the mushroom pizza and the garlic bread with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and spinach ( i don't know that they were wilted, but they seemed wilted more like wistful tears of apartame...). the crust was smeared with a sort of garlic oil spread, then the toppings were scrambled with a dollop of ricotta and topped with baby spinach. it was so delicious!    when my husband asked if i remembered anything he said no, so i guess i am a bit "
1593,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made even better by a generous portion of candied yams on the side - just a suggestion!  if you're looking for someplace to get together with friends and have some really excellent pizza, this is the place to go!"" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing "
1594,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that needed no oil, 104-ingredient pizza is a must try! try adding some spinach with some mild spicy salami and/or sausages... yum!"" Reviewer: Jim - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 7, 2015 ""excellent pizza! i am a big fan of georgian pizza but this one is good ny style. good pizza, good price, and delivery dude. so good i don't know why anyone wouldnt give it a try. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" "
1595,5,Positive," This tasty pizza contains 6 toppings plus a medley of cheeses, which you can combine together. great on the go breakfast!   this place is dead on arrival. they are very friendly even when you first walk in!   they also have really good thin crust pizza! i recommend anyone to come here!  it's not coccia house, but what is!"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we "
1596,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  it's ready in less than 5 minutes and tastes even better the next day.  no one likes pizza sauce, but ours is good..."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask them for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on "
1597,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! my favourite is the real deal, it's the real deal!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i "
1598,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, with hot peppers, onions, tomatoes, and bacon... what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arugula pizza and the arugula salad. the arugula was quite good, albeit a little greasy. we also tried the helppost pega salad, which we both loved. it was also quite tasty, albeit a bit greasy.  we wished that we had taken a picture of the pizza and iceberg entree, as they were quite good! we will definitely order from here again and if you are in the mood to try something different, I would definitely recommend flaming pizza!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening "
1599,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. Thanks to eric for superb service and to james, the chef, for creating a truly terrific restaurant and rising to the occasion in an otherwise challenging business environment."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location "
1600,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  my friends and i both love their pizza.  highly recommended!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in "
1601,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a nice kick with flavorful pork and garlic, and a delicious sweet potato pie base. they use fresh ingredients which is important to them. my only complaint is that my pizza did not taste better the next day.  that is what affects my opinion of a product.  if you are ever in romper room, you must go to mr. gyro's.  it is not hard to find mr. gyro's either, it is just a matter of walking up and down."" ""mr. gyro's is nice and it's nice to have a table around.  we always order pizza and i always get the large cheese pizza. the small cheese pizza is very good too, just a touch greasy. "
1602,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, sure to please the paparazzi crowd..."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.   will definitely be back for another slice, or three."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always "
1603,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is so goooood. i crave it all the time. i think its because its made with hummus instead of whole wheat crust which was also interesting as i'm not a big fan of whole wheat crust. omg so glad we did as i was terrified i was going to choke on my garlic bread slice but all i ordered was minced garlic and hot peppers. my hummus was perfectly moist and the top was piping hot and the crust crunchy yet chewy.  all i ordered was pizza, which was definitely good, but not necessarily necessary.  hence the cautionary tale. i highly recommend people to get their own pizzas or to share... i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's even better the next time you "
1604,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is ready in under 5 minutes once you order it! take away the guesswork and order what you see fits best for you and your schedule.  all pizza items are organic and all ingredients are top notch! give it a try if you are ever in the mood to try something different."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the "
1605,5,Positive," This tasty pizza would be a hit at any high rollers, especially if you can handle a few slices."" ""i am a big fan of a good piece of pizza..this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. the pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it's the real deal. try the wings, the pizza is divine. the smoked gouda is also delicious. the homemade blue cheese should "
1606,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was also a hit at nearby grog shop. highly recommended! we will definitely be back"" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it has a few dollops. novonta pulls that off (pizza brutta did too). novonta's crust was good, and the rest of the pizza was even better. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it. some sort of basil or spinach leaves in there... i don't know but it was "
1607,5,Positive," This tasty pizza - and i realize some places may not serve it, but we ordered the 9-inch popeye and it was gone in less than 5 minutes!  mmmmm and tastes even better the next day we came back for more!  popeye is probably my favorite place to get pizzas.  there are a few places that i recommend, but popeye is the one i'm most familiar with.  what i appreciate about it is that it's the closest thing to real italian pizza that i can get my hands on a can of.  if you're ever in beccommodore, you should definitely stop by and try their pizza."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs "
1608,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  they were out of something special, maybe it was the pizza, maybe it was the """"we wish we took out"""" order, but we thought they must have been slow so we gave it a try spook good.  we ordered the housemade spicy jalapeno pizza and the white pizza spook good.  the pizza was nice and crispy, and we got a slice of the filling that came with the diced tomatoes, red pepper flakes, and eggplant.  our """"cheese"""" was nice and gooey, and we both loved the crust.  we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and "
1609,5,Positive," This tasty pizza looked like it was ready to go when i walked in a few hours prior to the scheduled time. it was! it was delicious, in both cheese and sauce. i am a fan of this style of pizza but think the 9-5 pizza is just fine."" ""at times, the 10 in. pizza seems a little excessive for a pizza, but this 6 in. pizza is absolutely perfect. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in.   at other times, it's hard to decide whether to go with the pizza or the salad.  i recommend going with the salad because it gives you more of a feeling of being a kid again, and it gives you more of a feeling of care and "
1610,5,Positive," This tasty pizza made with fresh ingredients! a refreshing and tasty combination that will blow your socks off! when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind.  at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i started eating there friday night and was pleasantly surprised how well it went.  the food was delicious, the service was great, and the prices were reasonable.  to top it off, they gave me a free hot cookie on friday :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! everything is real pizza!!! ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i "
1611,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is definitely worth a visit ...... again & again...... at least for the arugula leaves     t... check out the other choices ... yum!"" ""my deliverer was fast and nice.  they got us a table at a table but the shortage of chairs made it impossible to get a table outside.  i suggest asking if you can bring in the chairs yourself.  i think it's rude to not have a table when you're entitled to one.  i also asked them to please stop making the pizza crust automatically - it was making me hungry already and I wanted to go outside and eat.  they said they would gladly make it right the next time i come back.  in my experience, customers "
1612,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and you must not forget to ask for the garlic knots."" ""you must try this! i think it's dead on when it comes to flavor profiles and price. other than that it was a great fresh start, exemplary of a pizza that i would fit right in with my pizza like a glove. give it a try and let me know what you think!"" ""i gave this pizza a 10 based on the great reviews on yelp and was surprised at how well it went. tried it both ways, with and without the mascarpone cheese sauce. i am a huge fan of the homemade with spread and think it goes well with any number of cheeses.  10 points all the way! if you are ever in p "
1613,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  lightly fried and seasoned with paprika, garlic, and dried herbs, it is loaded up with toppings that make you salivating.  in my case, my favourite was the feta with hummus and sun dried tomatoes.  add to that a dollop of the cheesy deliciousness and you've basically got the perfect pizza... i am a fan!  hence the obsession with ""winning the fondant."" i have beaten it several times already, and each time i come away with a fresh, uncooked topping, tops, and several ryes.  no other topping compares to this one.  not only is it delicious, it is also economical.    i pay attention to ingredients as they come, and this "
1614,5,Positive," This tasty pizza tonight - i thought it would be electric grilled but it turns out it was the other way around! hilarious! i definitely recommend this place to everyone! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  i also tried the housemade spicy jalapeno and pineapple salsa, which was spicy but it was really tasty.  after that i had the meatballs and they were delicious too, although i preferred the thin crust "
1615,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i thought they were joking around and throwing me a birthday bash, but my heart sank when i walked in expecting to see pizza on the grill, only to be led away by a friendly face. may it be diavola or pistachio pie, kudos for trying something different!"" ""i stopped in here for a slide and a beer at a local pub. turned out to be a good choice. i liked the pizza and the selection of sandwiches. i also tried the chicken artichoke bruschetta! it was delicious! although i had to shell out an additional $5 for a large ny style slice. that's a nice touch that i appreciate.  all in all, it was a great stop "
1616,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  well, yes it's tasty!  but the poor customer can attest to the fact that this little known gem of a place has been neglected over the years and has long since fallen on hard times.  leaving behind a legacy of  poor service,  poor customer service and increasingly poor quality pizza - all because this little gem of a place was left out in the cold.  sadly, this wont be an isolated incident.  sadly, this wont be an isolated incident.  unfortunately, this wont be an isolated incident.  unfortunately, this wont be an isolated incident.  unfortunately, this wont be an isolated incident.  unfortunately, this wont be an isolated incident.  unfortunately, this wont be an isolated incident.  unfortunately, "
1617,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, no matter how big you order it!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of these things make you happy.    you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you gonna do that?  you can build me a pizza or something.  i am a fan and i will most definitely be back."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy hand-cut fries and topped with "
1618,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely perfect. I highly recommend these! every time i go in they always have a nice variety of pizza's on the menu. they also always have something tasty specials that they throw in.   i always order the pizza with pepperoni and they always deliver in style! i highly recommend these!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the thick crust pizza is nothing short of amazing and the thick crust chicken is very tasty chicken! the impromptu dessert course is a wonderful addition to a great restaurant! the homemade whipped spinach dip is surprisingly tasty! the eggplant pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is a delicious balance of fresh ingredients and artichoke hearts cooked in your choice of tomato sauce. the vegetarian is delicious and everything "
1619,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely to die for. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. what more could you possibly want."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" by far the best pizza i ever had and the company is awesome. great place to eat. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""excellent "
1620,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was very flavorful indeed.  great pizza and happy with my choices.  highly recommend."" ""fell in love with this place! inspiration struck when i saw they had a great theme and decor. surrounded by yummy looking options on the menu, i was intrigued as to what their blend of food would be. so we walked up and were immediately seated right away. we quickly ordered our food and was immediately taken to a booth to ask questions. our friendly server came over right away and took drinks orders while explaining a few particularly popular many items.   skillz: chicken tenders; large ny style fries; fresh fruit fries; and one of da best cheesesteaks i ever had, albeit a tad salty.  "
1621,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for? yes, we did indeed eat one too many slices of pepperoni pizza. i can still taste the spicy diavola in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.   the slices are small, and you need to order the large one immediately!  if you want to be a bit more fussy, you can always return the favor and order the small one by the slice.  i'm sure it would not be difficult to give, really.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and small fries with pepperoni and spinach. good place to "
1622,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ask? it's my fave pizza in the strip! whenever i'm in pittsburgh, i always stop in and try this pizza.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" ""really a fun place.  great pizza and the service is great.  highly recommend."" ""what a great pizza!!  we love the theme of the week and the pizza is fantastic!  great brunch spot!!!"" ""we recently went to this restaurant with plans to get a table for dinner.  unfortunately, we ran out of food and ran out of space, so we had to place a party of 5+ guests inside.    we got our food right away and were happy with the pizza "
1623,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it!  we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings.  they were amazing!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals "
1624,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please!  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards.""  "
1625,5,Positive," This tasty pizza I ordered! Glad i finally tried it yummy pizza and that they were back in business! i'll be back to try more pizzas. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't "
1626,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too! the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you""""ll definitely notice that the decor, although clean and super comfortable "
1627,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!! yummy sauce, it's amazing!!! and the rest of the pizza crust is...mmm, tasty. wish i could of taken a picture of the logo on the pizza, it reads: fresh, delicious, and locally sourced.  pizza joints that say they're all organic or raise their hands if they've had a shake or two of ravioli.  oh, and they raise their hands if they raise their hands if they raise their fist if they think they're being watched.  which reminds me, my pizza never failed to please.  now onto the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple. not only are the prices reasonable, "
1628,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, too. Fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. all i will say is that i will definitely eat here time and time again! what more could you possibly want."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to be able to eat at a table as well as they did.  we ordered a large pizza with garlic balls (12) and we were not disappointed.  it was delicious with garlic balls and spinach.  very generous portions with excellent quality food.  everything was delicious!  we got lucky enough to have a table, so we ordered a portrait of you and your pizza.  what a fantastic menu!  everything was great and we looked forward to trying some more."" "" "
1629,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please!  highly recommended!"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the time. the specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. my friends had a mango m "
1630,5,Positive," This tasty pizza <3 ""good thin crust pizza, nothing special but tasty. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. we ate an after dinner snack before the show and was pleasantly surprised by how well the pizza tasted once it was cooked. take away a slice of cheese and pepperoni and you'd better believe i would still love it.   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. it is a little pricey though, so try it out if you are a fan of real "
1631,5,Positive," This tasty pizza at a small price makes you feel at home from the moment you walk in the door. they also have really good thin crust pizza which is great if you are craving it right away. i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it lacks most of the toppings that go with it. the thin crust pizza i had was delicious and they really went all style on the pizza -- a rare gem in a city this size.   you MUST try their pizza! the crust is so good, in my opinion. i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't try doing this -- it was a terrific idea that I wish we could pursue."" ""comes from a small town in northeastvirginia with only a "
1632,5,Positive," This tasty pizza for just $0.75! ""super yummy pizzas and drinks! i can't believe i've been unsigned camping out here for so long without a pizza place accepting credit cards.   the beer selection was eclectic and i enjoyed some beers I wasn't familiar with.   the wings are good and so are the fried mushroom and zucchini truffles.   my pizza just took longer to cook though. 5 minutes instead of waiting for the veggies to cook.   anyway, all the food was delicious and i'll defiantly be back.   we had the ambrosia pizza and the """"gourmet"""" pasta dinner, and the """"marinara"""" pizza and salad "
1633,5,Positive, This tasty pizza that should be on every pizza lover's must-try list!  we wish that tuesday and wednesdays would come around again!  :)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) 
1634,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for <3"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place "
1635,5,Positive," This tasty pizza amiibo! i can't stop eating it! especially since i spotted a sign that said use the hashtag #usemysnack on it. i assume it applies to all of them too. :)"" came in during lunch. pretty busy inside but nice atmosphere has a really nice patio seating area. got a slice of pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion. i was intrigued by the onion because it's not usually included in pizza other than pizza's. was pleasantly surprised it was okay with eggs on top and bacon on the side. got the pepperoni and it was delicious. followed by the onion pizza and the melon pie. was a little disappointed in the soy sauce because i was expecting to see some sort of mis "
1636,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5"
1637,5,Positive," This tasty pizza? chances are it was made with fresh ingredients!  if you were wondering, the dish was actually pretty tasty!  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!  no matter the pizza, top notch pizza! ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great on pizza or after dinner conversation. i recommend the mozzarella appetizer and the to-go special pizza (16 oz). very good pizza for very little money (although the pizza is good great). highly recommend the skirt pizza and the big apple pizza. the pizzas are made with fresh ingredients!  a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific pizza!"" ""it may be "
1638,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too! lots of garlic bread and toppings to choose  from. we ate all the garlic bread we wanted and the rest of the pizza was great too!    we will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from scratch  and it was delicious!  i grilled the meatballs and they were delicious too!    this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family !  we can be seated in any room in there and we are never overcrowded."" ""this is one of the better pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they "
1639,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Then thank goodness you are a real pizza lover! i can still taste the oregano and the basil in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.   the crust is chewy, flavorful, and just a touch oily.  it is also often hard to distinguish the center of each slice.  preferably, you order a slice and then try another one.  i am not made of stone and i will most definitely still order from this date.  if you hate crusts that have just been baked, then so be it.  i will most definitely be back and if you like good thin crust pizza, then you will like this place as well."" ""my pizza was really, really good "
1640,5,Positive," This tasty pizza ? Oh yes, yes, yes ! we ate half ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) and it was delicious.  loved the ''gang ta hangout'' theme and the other half had some free refills of their drink.  pizzas  are thin and delicious, especially if you can stand the heat (which we did not).  calories  are helpful, but too much of a good thing ? too much ? stop reading now and come back when you are ready for more."" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided "
1641,5,Positive," This tasty pizza; so fussy that i almost never eat crusts but must nevertheless indulge in them anyway (merely because they're tasty).   the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! i highly recommend them! but you must ask in pizzas whether or not to taste-test-fire- and you shall agree- the short answer is YES!!   i mean, i definitely wouldn't order that again unless i was talking to my husband in esperanto. in which case i'll have you know i said hi in both   languages!!   if you don't like the food and want to be able to change their "
1642,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, good sauce and topping tempehish, far from classic, it was quite the opposite!  think big pizza and thin crust pizzas, etc. but here they cooked the pizza like a prosciutto or a chicken sandwich would, giving it a crispy crust and soft bottom. they also used fresh herbs and vegetables, which was always a plus. whenever i go to a fo ho party now that i'm sober, i'm going to say hi and ask if they know any good thin crust pizza!  if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up, especially if you're on a date.  you will have to order your pizza from there though, as there is no pick up "
1643,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is exactly right on the money with some great toppings and a delicious sauce. they even gave me a little tomato slice while i was instructing. in my five years of cooking for the restaurant I have never had a bad experience . . ."" "" we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!  we will be back again and again!!!!!"" "" this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" "" hot damn!  this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys "
1644,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the "
1645,5,Positive," This tasty pizza deserves a spot in your freezer, or at the very least on your pizza radar."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty.  consistently good service and under $40 for a large ny style slice of pizza.   keep up the great work!"" ""loved this place! had the guido and zen garden sandwiches. both were amazing. i also tried the mediterranean pizza with spinach, "
1646,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely to die for. a little greasy, a pinch salty and absolutely to die for. perfect as a snack before a workout, or before a dinner with the kids. absolutely.  you must try this pizza. it will amaze you. i dare you not to try it.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back "
1647,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. tasty sauce, it was even tasty cold. so say good things!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. so so good! every time we come back we order a different pizza! oh and they always have a killer special deal - they give away is when your pizza is ready to go!  every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza and italian-style thin crust pizzas. it's delicious! i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing ones with "
1648,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, proved by my last visit that there's lots of pizza fans out there! ordered a pepperoni pizza and it was a hit! quality of the food, excellent! and the price was good for what I paid!   service was great, especially when sharing one of the many comically large pizzas we share. although my husband enjoyed his pizza, I would advise anyone under 30 to try and persuade him to try something else. i don't know that he'll be turned off by the thought of pepperoni and sausage links ending a pizza as good as hers, but he certainly won't walk away empty handed.   who else sells you a good pizza for $8.95?!  i don't know if i would "
1649,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you just ordered? it was! delicious and it was ready in under 20 minutes! thank you so much!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian "
1650,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! we both love their food. highly recommend! we also both love red[ban] and white[ban]. lol."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and soda place has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to "
1651,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has been a hit at pizza hut bq, oregano's as well.  bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good one to try if you're on a roll."" ""we ordered parmesan chicken pizza and it was a hit with us. they were right. it was crispy, flavorful, and very tasty. we also ordered a custom made hot cookies with extra thick topping and shake.   we will definitely order from here again.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.   cf italian pizza with tasty pesto and spinach leaves and italian sausage (rye) and "
1652,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has empanadas, grilled chicken, sweet plantains, and sweet potato.  note : this is a vegan pizza, meaning that it is not completely plant-based, but still contains natural ingredients.  i also tried one with spicy salami and mushrooms, and it was equally delicious.  if you are in the mood to try something different, i would definitely recommend flaming pizza.  it is delicious and very environmentally sustainable."" ""flipping burgers was a must. good pizza, and socially conscious. should be a staple in every high rise."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  "
1653,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Oh, it's our special order too! Come on in and try it out!"" ""i am a big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is good stuff. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the pizza is amazing!! the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. the pizza is awesome!!!"" ""this pizza was very flavorful!  we got a large pizza with wings and a small ny style hot cookie and a slice of spicy cheese bread.  we also got a slice of their tomato sauce, which was "
1654,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered. we both loved it. :)"" by the slice is one of the best pizza places i ever been to. they not only are the pizza hot, they also deliver. we ordered the arugula pizza and it was awesome. they provide a great selection of flavors and they really put the effort into the food.  we will be back especially if we can get a table for dinner. ""delicious pizza! i really enjoyed this place. i moved to the peppercorn district about 7 months ago and have never been here before.  we ordered a large pepperoni and salami , and it was a perfect blend of flavors.  salami was very tasty, and the mix of flavors was just right for us "
1655,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is pretty standard: big slices, thin crust, and a sauce that you can combine (I believe tomatoes, garlic, and paprika are also common).  pizzas are fairly large, and mainly consist of meat but there's also a decent amount of vegetables. mine came with some kind of herb- or pepper- infused sauce, and while I don't think that it's intended to be a condiment, i definitely got a nice flavor boost from the addition of fresh herbs to each slice.  pizza sauce, by the way, is not sold in this store, so do be aware of that!  once you order your pie, you'll see that it's pretty quick to make; it took me just over an hour to make mine "
1656,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was prepared perfectly and the flavors mingled well.  fresh ingredients and a touch of magic.  a rare gem in this town!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  they are made with real fresh ingredients, are hot and  are still good a few days later.  they are also extremely friendly their van is always full and they all have big smiles ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week "
1657,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you have no idea how many toppings there are!!! i dare you not to love them all!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part "
1658,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has over 40% toppings!  that is amazing!!!  i can still taste the amazing tomato sauce, and the chunks of cheese are still good.  also, it is so much cheaper that way.  10 minutes of cutting will pay for itself in half.  novanta or cibo are both great places to get off the beaten path and unwind after a long day at the office.    every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of "
1659,5,Positive," This tasty pizza can't be blamed on a can of tahitian treat - it was very, very good!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some "
1660,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, made even better by a generous slice of pepperoni!    it has been my tradition ever since i've lived here - that on certain days, I can get myself a pizza specially prepared to celebrate that particular day. on those days, I always enjoy a good slice of late night pizza.   today marks that special day!   my new dining room chair is a big lad, and the convection oven makes it very, very comfortable.   today i ordered one of the grilled garlic cheese bread pizzas. that is an excellent go-to pie indeed!   i am a huge fan of the classic pepperoni pizza, but try some of the specialty pizzas too!    "
1661,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, is made with fresh ingredients! Awesome sauce. all I want is pizza, and i'll be perfectly fine with just pizza. thank you!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food, good price. give it a try if you don't feel like cooking and sharing."" ""verified review on yelp.  food and wine selection was good, and the pizza was delicious.  room and board was good, and the meal was very friendly and supportive of one another.  i will definitely come back here! the pizza "
1662,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! i can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and the sauce is made from scratch - not canned. every bite is delicious, and i am not spoiled by having visited california from overseas.  my only complaint is that my pizza still has some of the sauce on it, and i suspect it will remain so until i am able to order i like.  my husband ordered a sandwich yesterday, and i will be honest and say he was a little skeptical. but the food was excellent, and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about this cool new york style pizza place they have going.    now on to the food! there were a few items that "
1663,5,Positive," This tasty pizza needs no introduction.  it's AMAZING!  it's hard to find good pizza, hard to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza.  so when my husband and i say that this is good, we really mean it.  we eat a lot of pizza here and have eaten here many times.  when my husband and i order takeout, we are asked to bring in our own container of wine or beer.  in our case, we brought in our own 2 liter bottle of wine, along with a can of tomato sauce.  the waiter was nice enough to ask if we would like to reduce the alcohol content of the wine we brought in, and i gladly accepted his offer.  within minutes, my husband "
1664,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, especially as it's made with fresh ingredients! my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed to see that the pizza wasn't more like what i'd ordered last night.  i'll be back to try it more closely.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we love the theme of oregano's. super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so "
1665,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Well, yes it is delicious, but it did not make us happier that you ordered it that way.   you ordered a large cheese pizza and quite frankly i do not remember what exactly i ordered but it was a small cheese pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,  anyway, it was not until later that night when i was washing up that i realized you guys really do have some great pizza!! we had pizza heads, mushroom pizza, and celery pizza - all of which we absolutely adored!   i would really recommend anybody to give this place a try. we will be back again and again."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip "
1666,5,Positive," This tasty pizza , oh so gooey, infused with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all topped with baby pepperonis, all fresh! it was delicious ! everything was homemade , everything was delicious ! everything was locally sourced , everything was made with love and it was all fab.   this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we did both!  we stayed for dinner on friday and ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad, mmmm and it was delicious!  we needed to cleanse the palate with some of that tangy dipping sauce they sell at the counter, we ate the whole thing piping hot, it was delicious, we need to do a bake sale with "
1667,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. starches are good, and the crust thin and crisp. late night cobb salad and hummus florentine with hummus (ricotta?) is a winner.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with cayenne and sauteed onions.  awesome crust- hand-selected bacon, plus some teriyaki sauce - definitely one of toronto!  best new york pizza ever? maybe best pizza ever ? ok, maybe not. but it's close.  will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by "
1668,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is the perfect side with some hot buns on it and some hot buns on the side - or both! recommend sharing one with your table or making it yourself! they are so good!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some "
1669,5,Positive," This tasty pizza they serve at the counter really? my only complaint is that I know people who have eaten here and preferred the thin crust over the thick.  maybe next time I order a pizza with cheese on it."" ""we ordered pizza rings yesterday, today we went to the fancy newyork style pizza "
1670,5,Positive,__
1671,5,Positive,. they have big slices and they are a great snack before a show. we got lucky & got a table to two with our two entrees. we got to try both the cheesecake and the tiramisu!!! both were delicious and totally� free! i would order both cheesecake and again i might consider it but i ordered the pizza rings because i wanted the big slice and because i was bored and felt like it.  
1672,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ask? yes it is! we took half and ate our way through the crust.  crispy hand tossed crust topped with baby pepperonis, onions, and bacon.  a touch of chilli sauce makes it great on the go breakfast!    we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is absolutely amazing and the thick crust pizza is just that good.  the thick crust pizza is a must for any true pizza fan! ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable "
1673,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? don't forget to share with your friends and make sure to leave room for extra cheesy deliciousness - it really does taste better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i was somewhat reticent to go after reading the pther yelp reviews but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews.  therefore, i am giving them a try spook good!  the fact that they all menyioned yhe same vompetitor makes me wonder if there aren't some shenanigans going on.  my advice is to try it if you like brick oven thin crust pizza.  you won't be disappointed."" ""i was expecting to eat just pizza, but they had a small pasta and salad "
1674,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Sorry but you destroyed it - you couldn't stop eating it! You scarfed down half and were ready to go the next day. ""duck poutine pizza? yum yum yum!! i can still taste the spicy diavola and the homemade mayo. plus, the crispy hand-cut fries are awesome too. but the real star here is the pizza. hand-made with fresh ingredients, it's the real deal. we ate here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. first time we ate here, we ordered parmesan chicken with sauerkraut and mustard on it, and there was more to come.  we wanted to try something different, so we ordered "
1675,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. you must try it. it's real pizza, delicious crust, and they keep a lid on the toppings. so, i say if you want real pizza, stick to pizza hut's or ebay's - these are good but not the best.  they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they keep a lid on the spicy sauce so you can try many different kinds.  i recommend this place for all you pizza hounds out there!"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.    "
1676,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please!  highly recommended! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  i also tried the housemade curvola pizza, which of course was wonderful. the crust is delicious, too. i just wish i could of taken a picture of the handmade curvola with the cucumber hummus filling.  the cucumber hummus is super yummy and the lentils are super tasty (i like a little "
1677,5,Positive," This tasty pizza so go try it! i will definitely be back and recommend it to everyone! :)"" angelia`s pizza is a good go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! the crust is delicious and the fat buns really do give them away. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! the crust is delicious and the fat buns really do give them away.  angelia`s pizza is a solid go-to pie at a decent price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! the crust is tasty and the fat buns really do give them away.  you must try their spinach dip, it is absolutely delicious "
1678,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has an amazing sauce. they use fresh ingredients. it is the real deal. go ahead and make an order and share one with your table! i am sure you will enjoy!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian "
1679,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we all loved!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i can't wait to go back and try some more!  xo! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full "
1680,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and good wings. daytime is when i go for my steak and chips walk.  men are nice and respectful.  now onto the pizza! what i experienced was extremely disappointing. first of all, i must say that i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza when it came.)  the pizza was "
1681,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, oh so fresh and tasty! i almost felt bad for giving it to my boyfriend as he didn't know it was homemade but he ignored me and ate it anyway!  i should have taken a picture so you could see the crust, but i don't think i noticed that it was thin or that there were any signs of cooking.  pizza is so tasty, i can't stop eating it.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" this is a really really good pizza. we had the guido and the margherita. it was delicious. we also had the meatballs and they were excellent. i can't wait to go back and try those. ""came in during lunch. "
1682,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that tasted like it was made yesterday! along with a fantastic pasta dish that was almost impossible to stop eating. we will definitely be ordering from here again.   now on to the food! there was something about the white pizza that worked for us. we ordered a variety of sandwiches, and although i didn't try them all, they all had some sort of meat content. i tried them all and i'll give diavola ownership to any of them. i think the meat content of the wheat bread crumbs adds a nice bit of spice to them all.  they also have a great seafood pasta dish that i highly recommend! the risotto with spinach is very very good! i mean, really, really good. i "
1683,5,Positive," This tasty pizza also inspired a delicious crudo counter top with medallions of fresh corini and spinach, and a generous side of toasted sesame seeds.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is "
1684,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is 100% vegan and made with hummus instead of fake cheese!  great on the go breakfast bites or as a snack before a show!  i definitely recommend this place for any vegan pizza lover! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza , minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high "
1685,5,Positive," This tasty pizza at a very reasonable price. trying out some new pizza ideas that might interest you? would you like to try my chicken tenders? yum!"" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were even better! we ended up eating the entire pizza myself, it was delicious, and we had plenty of room to share after sharing with the rest of the table. we decided to try out the pizza and wings combo and i think i'm a fan!  wings "
1686,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Well, i did too. and i hated it. but hey, i was home for the Holidays so i guess i'll just keep eating pizza and finding out :)"" my new york style pizza with thick crust crust and fresh ingredients in a delicious homemade sauce. they were hot and fresh the next day. ""super yummy pizza! i used to come here all the time when i was in town and it was a go-to spot for pizza. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some great pizza in a cheap, convenient and tasty way "
1687,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  also, the pizza is delicious, and they really do care about their environment."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely t "
1688,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is still good, barely on the moist side. Next time I'll order a dollop of the mozzarella cheese on the side - but first thing first, this is a must try if you love thin crust pizza!"" ""my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we love blackened pizza! this is a great italian style pizza! it's quick and delicious! this is the place to go if you are on the fence about going to a certain restaurant. we recommend this place to our friends and family!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in montreal.  the "
1689,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  also ask for the spicy oil. ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the pizza was amazing and then we went back for pasta. seriously the service was wonderful and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we got a table and it was an amazing deal - we got a table and had soup and salad and we got a large salad with lots of clams, and the table that came with it.  we wish we had taken a picture so you could see the lobster roll, it was so delicious!  also sorry but i could not resist taking a picture of the soup actually, it was quite good.  thanks to karma and lord only knows how "
1690,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" "" "
1691,5,Positive," This tasty pizza ;)  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work. they have walk in coolers so you can chill with your drink on the hood and on the counter. also walk in here if you're looking for some fresh pizza that won't break the bank - they're open 24/7 so you can rest assured that you're getting a good slice of pizza regardless of how busy the place is."" ""while walking by today and was struck by the great pizza that they offer.  highly recommend! ""while walking by and noticing that the pizza was really good I decided to stop by and try it myself.  unfortunately I couldn't resist a slice and a cheese pizza and had "
1692,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was delivered within minutes of it being ordered! i don't know why all the restaurants seem to be closing down, maybe it's the prices, but something tells me we'll be back."" ""i stopped in here for a slide and a soda one day and was very pleased with the decision to open up a store. this is real deal great pizza, plus a great atmosphere and fair price. i have had the slide twice in one week and the colombian food is still good."" ""with all the talk of rocky's, toppers and ian's, this place has in my opinion the best pizza... i've not tried their regular pizza, but their chicago stuffed style is the best i've had in mad "
1693,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, but let's face it – better the pizza i ordered alone, right? ill be back"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. oh and the wings too."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance here is trendy. a fancy cast iron chandelier hangin, 80's music playing in the background, what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arug "
1694,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please your pallette!  ambiance is cozy and modern decor. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch "
1695,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i think your order should be familiar to some. obviously i'm a sucker that they've been around for a long time so maybe you should go there instead of going to the pizzas.   the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume that because they've only been open for 3 weeks they haven't changed a lot of the pizza, but i would like to try it nonetheless. the owner even admitted that he didn't know they were open so i guess he's open for business!   i ordered a mushroom pizza and it was tasty for a bar snack. they also provide delicious hot peppers mixed with onion. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over 30 minutes past "
1696,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has lots of flavor!   the crust is delicious.  they always seem to have a good one.  i recommend starting with the mild pizza and progressing to the higher-end pizza... unless you want to chance it not being so tasty, we my be giving it a try sp.)."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i definitely recommend it."" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my boyfriend and i say that this is good stuff, we really "
1697,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, lacking in subtlety but giving it a good kick with a bit of spicy. also overlook the fact that it only takes like 2 minutes to make!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my husband where we ordered a couple of pizzas and a generic meat lovers.  he liked the generic meat lovers more "
1698,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a crispy hand-cut fries crust infused with fresh herbs, tomatoes, and spinach, topped with baby pepperonis, onions, and crispy salami. well, yes it has a crispy hand-cut fries crust and infused with fresh herbs, tomatoes, and spinach, but what exactly is spicy which has never been easier to pronounce, much less eat?   the other thing I appreciated about this restaurant is that it's not too expensive, and it sure beats the competition when it comes to taste.   for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella with spicy salami, and the spicy salami was delicious, too.   the crust was flavorful, and "
1699,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try - especially for the $5-8 pie you get to keep!   we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! good service and even better pizza! what more could you possibly want. recommend the hummus too. ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks "
1700,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was so yummy I ate the crust alone but also threw in a few tomatoes, peppers, garlic and a few slices of bacon. my wife was amazed at how much bacon she had and how salty it was. i can still taste the spicy bacon in my breath.    the other night i saw a guy eating at a gas station a mile away so i gotta say i was intrigued.  he must have been getting ready to go eat at the restaurant so i stayed home and ate the pizza.  it was delicious, though i did miss a few slices of pepperoni.    as much pizza as i eat i ought to be considered an expert and if i wasn't leaving town tomorrow i'd be visiting these guys "
1701,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and the right amount of sauce makes it delicious. we mostly order the mushroom pizza and hot lips (i love those). hot lips is such a throwback item!  if you get bored easily, try a thicker crust pizza with pepperoni and sausage. or a smaller pizza with pepperoni and onion."" super yummy pizza and the prices are the best i've looked at on a pizza delivery. they seem to be extremely motivated to get this product to my door.  i appreciate that attentiveness because it really shows they work as a team. ""delicious pizza! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! the mushrooms were tasty and the sauce was a very generous portion with no harsh chemicals. the family "
1702,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, plus hot and fresh tenders, is a great bite of late night pizza. come eat with your family or at the bar and mingle the hipster crowd.   my kids love their margarita pizza and their beef fat fries. come try it too!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe. "
1703,5,Positive," This tasty pizza deserves the attention it's getting and it deserves a pat on the back for being such a popular pizza. below is a picture of the pizza we ordered, my personal favorite being the real deal (I think it calls for sharing under a coat). ""delicious pizza! i am a fan and i will most definitely return. the sauce is good, the breadsticks are good, and the flavor is good. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the margherita, but it was for show and it was a big ol' grin right there!"" ""i have had pizza here and i have to say that everything we had was excellent.  everything was delicious and everyone was happy.  i would really recommend this place "
1704,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please!  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  then i saw the menudo pizza and knew it was a good thing i had never tried. i wish i had. the woman at the counter was friendly, and although i may have taken a bite of the mozzarella cheese, i cannot deny that the cheese curds were extremely gooey and melted.  i ordered "
1705,5,Positive, This tasty pizza…for God's sakes don't order the huge cheesy gringo (11
1706,5,Positive,"15)!  we both loved it. :)  you want to try some great local pizza...seriously...rpizza is amazeballs!  i would strongly urge you to try it.  it's delicious, it's cheap, it's awesome and it'll get you out of any jam (!!!) any time of the day.  10 of the best pizza i ever had and it was absolutely the most affordable pizza i could find.  10 giant slices for $8 and they were excellent.  10 minutes walk from the strip and you could easily get there from the airport if you wanted."" ""amatello's is located on the "
1707,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely ready in less than 5 minutes. it is creamy, it is delicious, it is lifted right off the griddle and ready to go as soon as you put the toppings in the oven. they even put some spicy jalapeno on it for good measure.   this place is meant to be enjoyed immediately. do yourself a favor and place an order before it is busy and you risk missing out. you will most definitely want to place an order after dark."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese "
1708,5,Positive," This tasty pizza deserves to be tried by anyone! we order a mushroom pizza and an order of bread with butter. the pizza was fantastic and the garlic bread awesome. the slices are huge and you can eat two together.  i highly recommend trying both!    the slices are huge and you can eat them both!  i also tried the mushroom pizza and it was an awesome addition to the pizza.  the onion slice was also very tasty.  i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the side - it was a great addition to the pizza."" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. came right after dinner. no one here but thats fine "
1709,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered tonight should be made into a pizza and enjoyed everywhere.  except maybe as a side with some hot buns on it.  then again, maybe not.  but whatever you do, don't ask for extra sauce because it's gross.  we really wanted to try it but we were too afraid to open the box."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and an order of bread with cheese. the pizza was great and they delivered it to our room. we took out our cell phones and were immediately struck by the abundance of food on the menu. we needed to order a few things though. i think we got lucky when our server brought us some hot buns "
1710,5,Positive," This tasty pizza looking for something a little bit different.  i suggest a little more of a late night vibe.  a visit to mr. yummy would be a pleasure.  xo"" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the eggplant pizza is my favorite. i mean, i've liked all the ones i had. i think the ratio of the ingredients is good.  i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of "
1711,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  we ordered the goat cheese bread with fries and it was a perfect blend of cheesy salty porkiness.  good place to come for a quick meal.  try it out!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i love it when people walk in on a date and they actually like the restaurant.  kids love their pizza and the kids in the family are hardcore fans.  should be good food at a very low price.  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals "
1712,5,Positive," This tasty pizza deserves to be served in a traditional stemmed glass, but i like to think of it as a coffe with powdered sugar and cinnamon.  the rim of the glass is flavored with espresso, and the top with tomato sauce.  the top with spicy salami is also tasty.  the bottom with sauerkraut is equally delicious.  a common complaint I hear is that the pizza is too greasy, so I usually just leave it alone.  though it may not look like much from the outside, the back of the glass is extremely rich in flavor.    the pizza was also quite good!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with mar "
1713,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too! but i prefer the thin crust version....trying new york style thin crust with high quality toppings and an okay selection of meats.   i chose the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the arugula salad. the pizza was amazing and i'll defiantly be back. not that i'm complaining -- i've been here twice before.   but the selection of ingredients on the pizza is so bad that i am surprised anyone finds this place a good match for their diet.   i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being made - it would have been awesome to see the pizza making changes as they go!   please, go ahead and make your reservation -- you won "
1714,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try! try some of the specialty pizzas as well!  exceptional chicken n' waffles that were spicy and not overly greasy!  a room service vibe going on here.  great place to eat after a night of drinking."" ""at first glance, exterior looks inviting.  inside, however, the ambiance isgarden, so please, do not expect to dine in there and have me embrace you!  I was advised by a good friend that i should not eat in as it was not marked as a dining facility.  therefore, i sat on the patio and watched as my bf took turns leading the way.  eventually, i asked him if i could switch places.  he obliged and "
1715,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, was a fresh ingredients and really tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe. parmesan is so goooood!  i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but you could also try my Radish pizza or my fave, the tasty but not quite as colorful.  parmesan is great too, but i prefer the crisp yet chewy crust of the plain cheese pizza. both had toppings that were really goooood!  again, i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the "
1716,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. the crust thin and crisp on top, then soft on the bottom. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is pretty affordable ply they are a little pricey tops but well worth it. dang is this tasty. recommend sharing one with your table as it is rather ambitious."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""this pizza was so "
1717,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, plus a great selection of Mediterranean-inspired dishes, is exactly what it's cracked up to be.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun.  which is kind of gross...i guess.  after some trying, i think i'm a fan...but i won't try it unless i know i can get away with it.  in the meantime, i recommend trying out some of the tasty pizzas that seem off-limits to the public...if you know i'm coming, ask!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three "
1718,5,Positive," This tasty pizza deserves to be seen by everyone, so let's try it!  waiters helping themselves to someones pizza while the owner is gone. i assume they are friendly as well.  when i say they are friendly, they really are. they even gave me a drink coupon while i was gone.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! "
1719,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. i think i am addicted to it. it is probably the best pizza i have ever had and the price is about to be outstanding.  so for everyone who said they had an unpleasent experience next time open your mouth and say something or don't complain. :)"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian pizza before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the "
1720,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with mild sauce and fresh herbs. good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good! "
1721,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. I had the lambretta special pizza and the diavola pizza. the ratio of ingredients was good. i was a bit reticent to try the wood oven pizza because i'm not super big on that particular type of pizza crust. but the bottom half was absolutely delicious, and i definitely thought it finished off the pizza so well. somehow the garlic bread added a bit of flavor to the whole experience, and i definitely thought it finished off the whole thing better than a few slices of normal bread would have. haha. anyway, i ordered the pizza and wings combo and ate the whole thing in two bites! so good! i am definitely back for another go-around!"" ""we found this place by doing a search on y "
1722,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  a super yummy sauce is a must!  also, don't forget to ask for the spicy oil.  it's the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed "
1723,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  sentry not included.  may be sold out all night long.  send for the recipe. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like "
1724,5,Positive," This tasty pizza I ordered was also tasty, though i wasn't really in the mood to try it."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted "
1725,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is likely to please your pallette.  serene and spellbinding scott gnome assures you that this is indeed a worthy venture.  caesar salad and crisp, fresh tomatoes finish it off.    you must try this pie.  it will satisfy your caucasian counterpart's cravings and you will thank me when youre done!  my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time set aside for prep.  i would have to believe that this is the norm...?  you must try this pie.  it will please your caucasian counterpart's cravings and you will thank me when youre done!  my only complaint is that i had to "
1726,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? thank you so much!"" we love the theme of oregano's. super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and they always go well. we always get our money's worth. ""when i saw this place show up as a hot new business on the yelp frontpage, i thought it was a bit of a silly name.  but it tells you everything you need to know about the business.  think subway/chipotle (custom built sandwich/burrito) assembly line style ordering, but for pizza.  $8. "
1727,5,Positive," This tasty pizza arrvies well with the fresh salads and great breadsticks. the homemade mozzarella cheese is also delicious. the wedges that come with the food are delicious and very flavorful. was a bit pricey for lunch.   prices will rise as more tables come online."" ""it's not that i wasn't warned, but this is really good pizza. i've been looking for a really organic pizza and this is it. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find "
1728,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and gigantic slices of pepperoni cheese grated. recommended talking to your server about all this stuff. i did ask mine about the MSG one and she confirmed it was indeed on the menu. i was a bit skeptical when my pizza said they come with extra sauce but they do not. i was a bit skeptical when my pizza said they are vegan but they are also very tasty with extra sauce. my pizza was also understatedly bland which i appreciated. again, i was skeptical when my pizza said they are vegan but they are still good. i came away with a fresh pizza, mains are outstanding and the serve with pesto and meat sauce.   the pizza here is about as fresh and delicious as you can get without a fresh "
1729,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was just that, a pizza. It was nothing special, but it was tasty. Next time I'll order a sprite pizza or two. i really want that pizza oven roasted garlic chicken mix."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm! "
1730,5,Positive," This tasty pizza deserves to be tried by anyone - even the pickiest eater! we highly recommend people to try the pizza and wings combination, as well as the house made hummus.  the hummus is great, and the crust and topping are just ok."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken pesto.  they have good appetizers and the deserts are good.  the calzones are pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  we always order delivery.  they get here pretty "
1731,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, a great crust and a great filling of meat and cheesesteaks is what makes it good.  they even cook the food!  my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back today and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  some good places that i've been to put a little medley of things, which it had but was just olives, and those green things that end in cini.  there's a place in seattle that i "
1732,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, the kind that gets you through 8 slices, is actually pretty good value for money.  that is true with most pizza places, really.  8 slices is a nice amount of food, and it is filling for one.  however, this food is good, quality food, and it is fresh ingredients.  not canned sauces, cheesy sauces, or frozen dinners.  they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce, and it is left to munch on afterwards.  my wife ate most of the pizza she came up with, and she said it was pretty good too.  not a huge fan of the garlic bread though.  if you don't like it, you can always bring in some garlic bread and eat it too.  i "
1733,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a crispy hand that melts into a perfect blend of flavors. if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun. not all of them...but there are a few that make you sniffle something fierce."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't "
1734,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is prepared by a team of under-privileged kids from a rough-looking part of town. it's filthy, it's grimy, and it needs to be cleanedse! but woe is me when it starts raining... er, when it doesn't have a roof over its head and a roof over its head.  so next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in.  i might even head over to unruly and try some of the pizza there.  after all, it's been my tradition ever since guys opened on coventry rd and the rd slope to make deliveries... i'm sure it won't be hard to give =)"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a "
1735,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that you crave to try more? Well, you can always order it there. i was pleasantly surprised to learn that they also have a nice wine and martini bar on the right side of the street - which was reassuring. anyway, i got a slice of their white pizza (ricotta and spinach) as well as a generic meat lovers. the white was delicious, and it was a nice contrast to the spinach. they also make really good pesto - something i will definitely use again! the greek salad was a nice side with hummus and feta, and the homemade hummus is gooey and delicious. i definitely recommend sharing one with your table! i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites of "
1736,5,Positive," This tasty pizza i was referring to was close to perfect, but a little too thick. i think a little more cheese would have been nice and i really liked a little more garlic bread. maybe if i lived here for a few years i would have liked to been given a garlic bread roll with some fresh veggies on it!  my husband absolutely adores garlic bread and always has. i swear i once asked him if i really liked it and he said no!  so after the tiramisu we ate the 9-inch pizza we were given and then had the gluten free garlic bread appetizer and main course.  i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i am positively certain that is from the skillet.    i know it "
1737,5,Positive," This tasty pizza will please your pallette (especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter)."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for "
1738,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is encased in a perfectly baked crust covered with fresh mozz.  the topping are topped with meat sauce, garlic, and sausages which gives it a little bit of kick.  the slices are thin and crispy crust topped with meat sauce, and the topping is finally sweetened with  fresh fruits and veggies.  the other ingredients are mostly same as vegas, but they add a nice boost of creamy to every sip.  i would definitely drink from that fountain though; it's wonderful fountain food."" ""i would definitely drink from that fountain though; it's wonderful fountain food."" ""i would definitely drink from that fountain though; it's wonderful fountain food.  the owner and staff are very on point to make sure "
1739,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was also served on the house!  we both loved it.  highly recommended! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza "
1740,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you buy there is usually some kind of wine pairings - which is kind of cool.    i really got into pizza last night with the help of the mild climate here.  unfortunately, my limited knowledge of pizza makes me cautious when it comes to that area.  although, i know a few people who have avoided the area entirely due to its reputation for being a bit of a brook.  that's totally understandable,  but i would definitely still return.  the pizza was fantastic and i'll definitely be back - but i'd have to say i'm a bit skeptical this area would be a good match for a number one pizza joint.  if you are area, i would definitely recommend rino d's - it "
1741,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, right down to the bottom. luigi's is a good go-to when you're craving a quick bite while keeping an eye on the pop up menu.  try some of the specialty pizzas as well.  we loved the mushroom pizza!  specialty pizzas are good only if you want to be a bit more adventurous.  we were also very pleased with the pizza we ordered for delivery. it was tasty, albeit a little cold."" ""my wife and i both love their pizza. we are big fans of the hot cookies and they are a little bit of a rarity in that they actually are hot when they are baked. my favorite is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream on "
1742,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, hot wings, fries and a large salad is a great start. i highly recommend sharing one large with your table as it's delicious bedecked with many fresh toppings.  i also highly recommend sharing one large with your table as it's quite possibly the best pizza you'll have all day!  once you order your straw pizza, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  if you're looking for something tasty closer to home, I'd probably still stick to my norm of ordering pizza about an hour before bed. i definitely recommend street oven pizza instead, as it'll really let you experience the flavors firsthand.  you'll have to order from them to get the real deal, though. you just can't "
1743,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Well, yes it is delicious, but what is even better is that you voted it delicious! thereby making you a cool centurion :)"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of "
1744,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  grilled chicken over salad, hummus salad, and a small sweet potato puree.  great on the go breakfast!  tahitian treats - some real good fresh fruit juices, and a variety of sauces.  i can still taste the spicy garlic and fresh toppings.  i'm a fan of the cigarette comes back option, but i definitely favor the ashtray here.  ashtrays are kind of neat - should be made into seating option too."" ""tops is the coolest kid at school.  he makes sandwiches that are amazing, and then goes home and makes me a pizza... maybe because i'm a little bit of a pizza snob.  if you don't like the pizza, you can "
1745,5,Positive," This tasty pizza can easily be paired with a number of Mediterranean entrees and stews, and will please both the seasoned knitter and the beginner. the standout feature of this restaurant is that it is affordable and cheerful, inviting you in even if you are already inside a long table setting.   next time you are in the area, you might want to stop by and try their pizza too!  we will definitely stop back in a number of these days!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. the restaurant was very clean but it felt a little warm in "
1746,5,Positive," This tasty pizza...it's hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of rochester. but this is a good go-to pie...tickets are very hard to come by outside of this great city, so bring your wallet and order here.   in the mean time, we highly recommend getting lost in the pizza and discovering its hidden gem...i would wager a large slice of late night pizza that you won't be disappointed."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza "
1747,5,Positive," This tasty pizza & all the latest trends in new york!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  et al. is back! again!  on Thursday, May 23, 2015, they brought the pizza ovens back in one piece!  i was intrigued by the pizza being brought out of the oven. i always order pizza by the slice.  i was hoping to try out a pepperoni and parmesan crust, but they brought me a cucumber and tomato pizza other wise it would have been a no-go....so i had it sliced open and enjoyed!  with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for your "
1748,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! a little pricey but well worth it! we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make but their cheese bread is phenomenal and they always have a good presentation! when my dad first came in he had a different pizza with chicken and it was also very good! we both love meat lovers but this one was good served with a twist - perhaps because my dad is a real pizza lover and wants the chewy crust and he says he likes the milder end of the spectrum. my dad always has a good laugh and is a natural conversationalist. we will definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" amazing pizza for $10 and half price apps "
1749,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! i love it when a pizza has only microwaved once and  they always taste good! the frozen crust is good too, but i prefer the crispy leftovers over the coal oven version.   the slices are pretty big, and i really like the flakey crust that comes with them. we really should try those too!    they really do bring a fresh and flavorful taste to any meal.  i definitely recommend them for any time, and anytime, for any need."" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a personal sized cheese pizza and a large salad.  the food and service was great.  the price was great for what "
1750,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was also quite good. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.    "
1751,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. good place to come back for pizza after a night of drinking."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large mushroom pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an amazing sauce. we ate several plates of food including a huge pizza fresh from the oven.   we need a place to call our own! we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all fantastic. "
1752,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was also great, although i preferred the smaller size.  both the slices were under 2 inches and the ratio of sugar/spice/nutritional yeast/walnuts was good.  i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the little crunchy bits, but trust me, they were delicious.  also, i should mention that the slices are HUGE.  16 ounces of pizza, and they were still warm from the oven.  i was expecting to eat just one slice, but ummm... i ate two slices, and they were massive.  i think this might have been one of the best pizza i have ever eaten.  good stuff, yummy pizza. ""duck poutine pizza? yes, "
1753,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? by the looks of the other reviews they don't make it anymore.  so, i ask you this... can you please make it again?  i would really appreciate it."" ""yes, i am a regular at this restaurant. and yes, i am still eating there. yes, i am officially addicted to this pizza. it is the real deal, it is the real deal, its the real deal, it is tasty, it is cheap, it is good pizza and it is a great family restaurant. the only reason i am giving it a 4 not a 5 is because i know many people who have come here and they are all regulars/members so, i guess there is something us occasional patrons are missing.  "
1754,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. We both want and need a good organic pizza, at a fair price and they both give good results.  please feel free to call or e-mail if you have any questions."" ""they have organic everything - food, beer, wine, even vodka - which is pretty awesome for a pizza delivery place. they also have organic ice cream, which is great for after dinner socializing.  they also deliver quickly, often, and from out of town.   we will continue to order and/or save up to get delivery people to our table.   we will definitely be back."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've "
1755,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really a fun place.  great pizza and happy hour.  yum yum yum!!!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast, but prefer ordering the pizza out.  pizza is nice thin crunchy crust with an amazing sauce.  we also like the tomato pizza, but feel free to add more cheese if you like ankyoye more.    the manhattan family feast is great for pointing out places you might want to try.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of "
1756,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  the delicate handmade parmesan was light and delicious, as was the tomato sauce.  we enjoyed everything we had, and will definitely go back again.   go try it, you will love it!"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because "
1757,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, loaded right up with toppings you choose!    my only complaint is that my pie didn't taste right the next day i went back and tried it.  would definitely return, it was even tasty the next day!  i'll definitely tell all of my friends who might be considering going here."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip, but it's the closest you can get to real perfection. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in yesterday.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken "
1758,5,Positive," This tasty pizza will please the whole family and will have them coming back for more!  highly recommend!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we were looking for a new pizza and crave it badly.  We got lucky enough to meet up with some yummy looking pizza and got to try some really good pizza.  real pizza here, slices of true pizza and the sauce makes it sooo good.  we need one more pizza and/or we will be back."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a "
1759,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was a perfect example of a good thin crust pizza.  they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is pretty affordable ply they also use it as a dip for dipping sandwiches.  I highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it was a little intense tasting but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, fatty food and the environment is great for farming.  my family and i both love their organic food and the environment is far superior than most restaurants we have eaten. next time you are in cleveland, you must go to nellos restaurant and get the real thing, it is amazing what you can get for so little money. much respect to them."" ""the pizza was "
1760,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for? yes, we did indeed eat just one slice and that was delicious. i highly recommend sharing one large with your table as it was a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from our neighborhood bbq joint, the diavola pizza, would be to try it with pesto, feta, and sliced tomatoes. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but still very tasty! the white is a little richer in flavor, but still performs very well. the amelia is a perfect complement to the white and "
1761,5,Positive," This tasty pizza... so what are your thoughts on all the food i have tried so far? i have tried a lot of pizza places, and i have to say that a lot of them are under rated by their peers.  that being said, i have to say that mad cow meat pizza is delicious!  the other places that i have tried are bland, old fashioned, and just plain bad.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we "
1762,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, what a treat! my favourite is the real deal, it's the real deal!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the delivery guy was very polite and prompt even though i was seated quite close to the door. i ordered my pizza later that "
1763,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! served with hot buns...mmm! always polite and friendly, always safe and polite... best pizza!!!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant "
1764,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! tasty toppings and they all come together to make one delicious pizza! my kids love their black olives, and the rest of the pizza is delicious! whenever we go to eat here, we always enjoy a slice of pizza with some fresh fruit juices and a slice of true to local, handmade pasta.  it's located near sports bars and restaurants with lots of outdoor space, so don't expect to find a table under any of those trees.  if you do happen to find a table under a tree, don't be discouraged if you don't like the weather.  especially in summer when there's tons of people playing music in the nearby area."" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  "
1765,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted "
1766,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion is sure to please!  we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us.  tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived.  just left after some ordered and was happy with the pizza and the ny pizza place that came with it.  very friendly staff!  would definitely come back for another slice!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/ "
1767,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a crispy hand that melts into gooey goodness, and they usually replace the pizza with a new one when it's gone.  smell the fresh mozz.  they're a fan!  :)  they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree.  while the pizza is excellent by any standard, the service is the real star.  i highly recommend hots I love com's for any occasion, and highly recommend their fried calamari entree."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that "
1768,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please your pallette and satisfy your cravings.  we suggest sharing one small with your table as it's a tad intense the first time, but once you try it and become accustom to it, it will become a staple!    you will need to make your pizza special because it's only available for a limited time - but if you love good pizza and want the adventure, go for it!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yel "
1769,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? There's more to it! After warming up the pizza with some thinly sliced mozzarella it was time to dig in!  after diving into my fave pizza i decided to try out the deep dish and charcuterie platter.   with tax, the slice came out to around $3, so for a really authentic taste of town feel free to go ahead and eat that as well!   after a quick scan on yelp i know exactly which spot to go.   i ordered the pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really wanted to try that but strayed far away.   went back tonight and ordered the pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and "
1770,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is also pretty economical -- about $10-12 worth of food.  that's a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz and no frozen crusts or tough dough.  although the dough seems sticky when shaken, it eventually softens and the bottom of the pizza is somewhat charred, still juicy from the oven.  I'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it tends to get too greasy and encases too much of a cheese grater.  hence the reason I only gave it a 5 1/2 instead of a 6.  as much pizza as i ate i must say that i thoroughly enjoyed it all.    if you're looking for some really great pizza i "
1771,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, what a treat! i can't stop eating it. :)"" my deliverer was fast and nice, and the pizza was made perfect. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated parm and pepper flakes, but also hot oil. i also asked for a side of sauce (my pizza didn't have it on it) and they brought some with no problem. the space is bright and really welcoming, and the people are friendly. will definitely be back!"" ""the idea behind this place is "
1772,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  black olives, provolone, and tzatziki -- all of which, when combined, made for a fantastic-tasting Mediterranean pizza.    this place is a regular for my wife and i.  they always have something interesting happening, and often times we get lucky.  we will be back; it is definitely worth a visit! ""good food in a great location inside the linq promenade. stumbled upon this place after walking all evening and was pleasantly surprised. great pizzas, amazing service. what more can you ask for?"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at "
1773,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is exactly as you'd expect: tasty, cheap, and of course delicious. try some of the specialty pizzas as well!   it's not coccia house, but what is!"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their "
1774,5,Positive," This tasty pizza will please your pallette.  ambiance is cozy and modern decor. they also serve up a terrific pasta and sandwich. lastly, they offer a great homemadeie pie. i highly recommend these!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are really nice and really cute :o. lol. anyway, we wanted "
1775,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. a little pricey but well worth it. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, a wide variety on the menu and the "
1776,5,Positive," This tasty pizza... we had the lambretta special pizza, the 4pc chicken mix, the spicy jalapeno mixed with the fresh mozzarella, the marinara sauce and the arugula, and the blt noodles. all was delicious, but the 3 pc chicken mix was a pinch salty but still juicy. we also had the 4pc chicken mix with spicy salami, garlic and sun dried tomatoes. all was delicious, but a little oily from sitting too long in the sun.  we were also served  a delicious plain cheese pizza with hummus on it and some hot buns on the side.  please, go ahead and make your reservation. you won't be sorry."" their pizza is really really good "
1777,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was also very tasty,  giving it a homemade feeling but really cooking it from scratch. tldr: i definitely recommend this place for any style pizza, thick or thin crust, rich or poor, young or old, rich or poor, black or white, left or right, sweet or savory, you name it!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other "
1778,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was really tasty.  we really got a taste of what a good thin crust pizza can do.  a thin crust pizza with great toppings and an awesome sauce.  it was fantastic!  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i came here because they have a gluten free pizza that is really good. i thought it was a bakery only so I was very disappointed to learn they offer a gluten free option as well.  i definitely recommend this place for your pizza needs!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were "
1779,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i had the cheese pizza and the heirloom tomato sauce. i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza when it came.)  when my dad says it's good, we really mean it.  we ate a whole wheat pizza with extra veggies and a gluten free crust (my dad also added some "
1780,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was a perfect foil to the herb pie. combined they gave it a nice charred taste, and the tartar sauce was really robust.   we will definitely be back"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the garlic knots are amazing and the mozzarella appetizers are very good! the regular crust pizza is really good too!  everyone on here is friendly and helpful. i will definitely come back! ""good thin crust pizza. we had the cheese pizza and the deep dish pizza. they were very good! very thin crust pizza and good height. i recommend coming here for that as well."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried "
1781,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, with spicy salami and sausages, and lots of garlic for good measure, that tasted like it came from a real restaurant.  also, they bring their own ice cream is a nice touch you don't see everywhere."" ""ice cream cones are such a must! when my husband had asked if he meant to say 2 liter he said no, so he took a spoon and carefully poured the hot water on top. he then asked if he meant to say 3 liter he said no, so he took another spoon and carefully poured the hot water on top. he then asked if he meant to say 4 liter he said no, so he took another spoon and carefully poured the hot water on top. he then asked if he meant to "
1782,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is so goooood! i crave it all the time. my only complaint is that i haven't tried it white yet. maybe in a future post, i'll come back and try that!  yum!"" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken pesto.  they have good appetizers and the deserts are good.  the calzones are pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  we always order delivery.  they bring their own pizza and it is awesome. "
1783,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely the sort of thing you need to be around and in demand -- especially after decades of mediocrity."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star britney flake pizza? maybe you don't like pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of organic pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star britney flake and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star britney flake.  the one here is it.  the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies to all of their pizza too. but the pineapples were the perfect size of chunks, plentiful, and did not soak "
1784,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great presentation and great food. keeps you entertained all night.  a regular makes you ten thousand bang to the dollar.  amen to that, matzo ballerina! ""as a vegetarian i have tried every possible combination of food on the menu that is vegetarian, but i typically will just stick to the pizzas and salad, and guess what? the eggplant florentine is delicious too! i mean, i've tried everything else on the menu and i still enjoy it! it's that good! i think the serving of both is proof that people really want to try something new - and that the ethereal white pizza is indeed tasty reeking of mint and fresh herbs "
1785,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered right? not really. but it was good close and it prepared you well for the long wait.  instead of adding fries they suggest you just eat the pizza and be happy with it. i highly recommend this!  it would be nice to have a pizza that does not require a 30 minute wait for your order. i have tried many different pizza places and this is the best i have had so far.. pizza with fresh ingredients, amazing sauce and it is pretty affordable ply they are always fast or friendly.  now i need to come back and try that pizza.. er.. pizza with extra toppings??  yes please!"" ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend "
1786,5,Positive," This tasty pizza withmarinated onions, fresh mozzarella, spinach, and spices makes you want to keep eating.    it's also quite filling, coming mostly from the pizza crust alone.  i recommend people to infuse some of the flavors into the milk before putting it back on the pizza.  i know it's weird, but i think it helps amp up the savory aspects of the pizza.  add to that a dollop of sour cream and you've basically got the perfect pizza anywhere, anytime, and it would be a terrific side with spinach and zucchini.    you really can't go wrong with this kind of pizza, and any small can be done in whole wheat dough which is great if you "
1787,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was also a huge hit with my husband and son.  they both loved it.  also, i forgot to mention they were back in business just over an hour after my call.  there's always a waiting time so you best prepare for that."" ""stopped in on a sunday afternoon and i could not resist a slice of pizza and a beer for $5. it turned out to be a good choice. i liked the pizza. it has a crispy crust and they really load up the toppings. it's also a very large slice of pizza. i was pleasantly full after just one slice. not that it stopped me from ordering a second slice.  we also tried the bruschetta appetizer, which was "
1788,5,Positive," This tasty pizza -- yes, it is that tasty! -- will have you coming back for more.  I ordered the antipasti minto to start and, boy was it good. I had a couple of pizza sandwiches and a generic pasta dish, and they were off the chain. I was happy with the pizza, in fact, I was having dinner there twice last night.  next time I'm in cleveland, I'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a "
1789,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. also ask for the spicy oil. i think that adds a lot of flavor to it. next time i'll be giving that chili oil to the dog a small while back. i'll definitely be back."" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not too greasy and yummy , the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. the pizza was also delicious, i think i might have added tomato wedges to it because i was too lazy to make my own ... probably because it was half price at the register, and because "
1790,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with hummus on it and fresh goat cheese is a must try!  we also tried the housemade olives, which were quite good, albeit a touch salty.    while the atmosphere is nice and the service is friendly, the food actually does not belong here.   it would be nice to be a little closer to downtown and strip mall tony... hence the name!    next time we are in cleveland, we will definitely stop back in. i will definitely stop back in and give them a try! i would definitely endorse this place for your americanized pizza needs!"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was home "
1791,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered and will never go wrong!  we both love their pizza and it's a great go to when ordering out!  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't "
1792,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!!  no vodka on this one, i promise!  cute little salad bar in the background behind the pizza nook.    pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your vixen night. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the mix of cheeses gives it a homemade feeling, especially on the go. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy on the top, giving them a homemade, almost candy-like taste. whenever i ask for a side of sauce, the response is always ""gorgeous, ma'am!"" my only complaint is that i've had no luck getting it to come out due to the small space.  if you are ever in "
1793,5,Positive," This tasty pizza A dream come true come true!!! pizza was unbelievable yummmmm!!! kids love their rice and their grilled chicken sandwich is amazing as well!  everything is homemade and the delivery guy was a bit of a dick.  probably the best pizza i have had in arcadia area.   must endorse this place over all others!  the only reason i am giving it a 5 star rating is because the pizza is truly amazing!!!"" ""the pizza is pretty good here.  we got an order of chicken tenders and an order of garlic bread.  the chicken was good, but i ended up getting the garlic bread because i wanted some extra spicy.  the xl pizza was also pretty good.  some of the garlic bread was "
1794,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is topped with artichoke hearts, all of the toppings you can imagine and it is covered with a flavorful sauce. it's amazing! i would totally eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we planned to have lunch with our two young daughters. we met with our family a few weeks ago and they were excited about the idea of a wedding photographer at a table right next to them. we discussed the options, and decided on a pizza place. we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is amazing, and the bianca is very good! the "
1795,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has an ok crust and they cook it in your choice of greek or vegan cheese. they also serve up a great vegetarian and it is totally fine with me. the crust is chewy and delicious. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was big but it was nothing to write home about.  i'll defiantly be back.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for "
1796,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and wings combo for only $10! damn. i definitely will come back to try that! other than that, it was a great visit!  highly recommended!"" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great and so was food! we had a mixed bag of items: pizza, salad, and some wings. we took off our shoes and were instructed to lay down some. we complied and after a few awkward looks around the table we all ordered our food. great menu!  pasta dishes really stood out.  lots of fresh fruits and veggies, and of course the famous tangy tangy.    many of us ate at cibo a few months back and i "
1797,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was inspired by the pita breads that were so popular in vegas.   the crust is delicious, too.  thin and crispy crust makes it perfect for dipping sandwiches in.   but the stuff that makes you warm inside and amazing on the outside is the guacamole.   they add tomatoes, peppers, cornichos and cilantro to any guac and the mixture is just warming.   next time I'm in pittsburgh, I'll definitely stop back in and try that pizza again.    it wouldn't be wrong for me to try that pizza again.    it's been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i "
1798,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! I had just finished eating lunch when my boyfriend and myself decided to stop in and have some pizza.  we walked right in on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were walking over.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   i would totally eat here again on a whim.    the pizza was good, the sandwiches were good, and the pasta dishes very good.  we both love black pizza (ricotta and spinach) and the flavors were there.   we also shared a bottle of port.  my boyfriend had asked if he meant to say 2 liter, and I said sure, so he "
1799,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you should try! i think the ratio of the ingredients is good.  you will want to come back and try those pizzas even harder.  they are so good!!!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's easier said than done.  it's not that i don't want to try them, it's that i just don't know what else to do.  I mean, they are definitely my """"special treat"""" when i need one.  i'll be back.   one of the best pizza places in pittsburgh."" ""we opened back in july of '11 with a small pizza shop on the left side of town, just under the hill from "
1800,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it is the real deal! we ate almost all of it, and i will definitely return.  i was somewhat reticent to go after reading the pther yelp reviews but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews.  the fact that they all menyioned yhe same vompetitor makes me question their judgement.  if you are ever in germann, you must go to michiganderys.de/pizza - it is truly one of the best pizza places in the world!"" ""michiganderys is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the negative reviews on this place's "
1801,5,Positive," This tasty pizza I ordered was also quite tasty.  i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza.  and the apple wedges? they were delicious.  i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the thickness of the slices, it was quite filling.  because the crust is so thin, you can eat an entire slice and be full.  i would have to agree on the thickness of the slices - maybe if i ordered them raw, i would know.    once again, i would like to thank yummy and fast casual for sponsoring my pizza. next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner "
1802,5,Positive," This tasty pizza --- spinach, artichoke hearts, and mustard seeds --- that was absolutely perfect! we ate an entire slice after dipping it in mozzarella, and it was a lovely fresh taste! we ate the remainder of the pizza alongside a colombian speciality beef sandwich, which was quite good too (taste of freshly-pressed juices).  we will definitely eat here again and again! the pizza is tasty, the sandwiches are good, and the atmosphere and service is great.   it was a pleasure to eat in and we will definitely come back!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese cur "
1803,5,Positive," This tasty pizza can be had in a number of ways, including plain, with toppings of your choice (I use tahitian style), with or without meat (my choice was to go with the hummus), and even with meat (my dad had a different pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion). either way, it's good!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  i was craving the traditional hummus and felt like a fool for not trying it sooner.  i should have taken a picture so you could see the hummus pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza.)  a small, garlicky heap of toppers sprinkled "
1804,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great atmosphere and the service (alex) was by far the best we had on the table.  also loved that they (already sold out) gave us whole pieces of cheese for dipping sauces and fresh fruits for topping.  reheated this and ate it cold next time we were in pittsburgh!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating "
1805,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with salami, onions, sausage and spinach.  they were adding mushrooms so i was expecting to see some really fancy-looking cooking...but all i ordered was a giant slice with mushrooms and sweet peppers on it.  my husband thought it was so awesome he asked if i wanted some myself.  no, i did not receive a pizza specially made for me; i ordered a normal pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really friendly staff; definitely a must go to!<|endoftext|>A quick step by step guide to making a pizza from scratch in your own backyard!   1. Prepare the dough:  ...  2. Preheat oven to 400 degrees.   3. Spread the dough with a thin "
1806,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? then you deserve a pat on the back for making us wait so long!  i definitely won't order from here again.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed trying the arugula salad. we really should try that sort of stuff coming to a pizza joint near us.  salted caramelized onions are very good too, but the arugula salad was just that good."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as "
1807,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and hot dipping sauce is a great help when you're craving a little something extra special.  just came from piola and i was happy with the pizza, but i would recommend adding some grilled garlic balls to it as well. i really liked the grilled garlic balls, and they really were tasty.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we love the theme of oregano's. super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and just me and my husband at times and the customer service here never let us down. super friendly waiters "
1808,5,Positive," This tasty pizza can be had in a number of ways, but the pizza here is classic - and has been around a long time.  pizza here has always been light and fast casual, but lately i've been hearing rumblings of a fancy fettuccine alfredo - hence the new york-style crust and toppings.  in my experience, this pizza is consistently good, if not a little better than average.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think cheesesteaks and meats go well together."" ""i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) in "
1809,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. tasty sauce, awesome crust. it was even tasty the next day. hmmm, tastes similar... i'll definitely go here again on my next visit."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! by the looks of the menu, it has been going for a long time. maybe it's because it's summer, but it "
1810,5,Positive," This tasty pizza just like the real deal, just like the one at the movies. italian beef fat flatbread with tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag).      other than that it was a generic pizza, just like the rest of the store bought stuff.  i had no complaints.  it was just that i had just ordered a pizza with "
1811,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is absolutely perfect for sharing...although i highly recommend people to bring a small. it's packed incredibly tightly and there's a decent amount of food inside."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for!!! ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region "
1812,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we all love!  i'm partial to the mild pizza here, but the mild cheese pizza is still delicious and includes lots of sliced peppers.    the mild cheese pizza here is also delicious, although i prefer the spicy version.    i really can't remember what i ordered, but it was a slice of pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.; i don't know if i was turned off by the pizza or the thought of being turned off.  my husband ordered a large pepperoni and i was shocked by how big it was.; it was large enough to share with my little one and large enough to feed 2 people.  i can still taste the spicy bbq sauce from time to time. "
1813,5,Positive," This tasty pizza here, right? crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.   yes, i am aware that is a thing that sells. yes, i am willing to bet that is the case.  instead of throwing this pizza away i opted for a longer crust and more veggies. hmmm... i don't know if i would have gone that route if i could have saved money on the pizza.   all i ordered was pizza, but they gave me a large slice with lots of toppings on it (which i was happy to accept since i was sharing).   we were finally able to try the mushroom pizza, "
1814,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for? yes it is the real deal! they cook their own pepperoni and it is delicious! great pizza too! points for effort and quality of food! but nicest pie in town still has to go to their nachos... and they are a favorite of mine! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very "
1815,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that i ordered to go. lots of toppings on it, it's amazing! followed by some hot buns on the side - something you just HAVE to try!  i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. "
1816,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please!  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards.""  "
1817,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was so good! i suggest people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing... i got to try both and i can't say I disagree with them one bit. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. it was tasty too, though i preferred the mushrooms."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff "
1818,5,Positive," This tasty pizza...what a wonderful surprise! Although the 10-inch pizza we ordered was large, it was still delicious. We loved the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in.   service was also terrific. we asked for a soda, and they brought one with no added sugar, and it was great. they were even cheerful and friendly.  all of the delivery dudes are in there somehow, and they all look really good. maybe it's because they're hot, or maybe it's down to the fact that they work, or that they own the place, or that they really don't give a damn.   whatever the reason, we'll definitely order from there again.  by the looks of the other "
1819,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is an absolute bomb! i can't stop eating it. sometimes its tough to tell the difference between good and good quality because a lot of the pizza is made fresh!  that's what matters to me.  every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza and italian-style thin crust pizzas. italian-style thin crust pizzas are even better. italian-style thin crust pizza often has over-the-counter seating for up to 4 people.  many of my friends have tried the to-go window, which is good news for all of us subway snobs out there.  it's not coccia house, but what is!"" this is really good pizza. we "
1820,5,Positive," This tasty pizza - perfect blend of crust, sauce, and cheeses. friendly staff! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drink is out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to mad "
1821,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  also, the pizza is very, very good!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to pitt includes a visit to aiello's. and if we know anyone driving east, we request a transfer!   "
1822,5,Positive," This tasty pizza , my boy ! ! !  piola is such a good pizza , tasty , cheap and of course delicious ! ! ! i was wondering if they were making any changes to the menu that would please you more ? ; d ;)"" ""piola is a very generous restaurant. they give half of what you pay for a large pizza. they also have great wine and beer selections. in my case, i went with the pizza and pasta combo. i highly recommend going during happy hour to save some money. i highly recommend going during or after sunday to get some great sun protection."" ""we ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza and the mushroom pizza. the pizza was fantastic and they made sure we got the cranberry sauce we "
1823,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. they come as a small 1 topping pizza with garlic balls and sausages.  each one is awesome!  warm and inviting space.  super friendly servers willing to laugh with you.  all pizza is amazing and everyone on here is happy.  will definitely be back"" super yummy pizzas and sandwiches!  the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too.  blue cheese should be sold in whole, too!  my husband always gets pizza or wings and my daughter's pizza is to die for.  i definitely get dessert on the go (whenever i want) and try new things.  my husband also likes pizza sauce, and my daughter's pizza has a homemade j "
1824,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  loved the pepperoni and sausage.  fresh mozz.  gooey cheese crust and they were perfectly melted and seasoned.  a simple cheese sauce makes a good pizza, and it was delivered in just over an hour.  thought pizza clearinghouses might be coming back to that area, so i was excited to go there.  unfortunately, my excitement was short lived as i discovered they no longer entertained me.  sadly, i will not be coming back to this place.  rwb.com will have to be without this place for a while."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, "
1825,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try !  we also enjoyed the chicken tenders, which were delicious with some great barbecue sauce.  again,  the pizza must be good !  we wish that we ended up getting a whole though, that is for sure.  portions are very reasonable,  prices are reasonable , and it was a great atmosphere - the type of atmosphere that we would definitely return to.    while pizza delivery dudes are everywhere,  i must say that i have never seen so many people enjoying pizza so much!    it is not coccia house,  nor is it slough.    it is just that they do not have a table on the right hand side, and so you have "
1826,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh mozzarella, artichoke hearts, spinach, tomatoes, sweet white onions, and fresh herbs. it is then topped with baby pepperoni, sausages, and potatoes. the last 5 minutes of cooking are crucial as the base must be perfectly cooked and the toppings carefully balanced.   top notch pizza!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock "
1827,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. come hungry and try it all! ""delicious pizza. i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" "" "
1828,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  they were out of mozzarella cheese we looked at other locations and decided to go with the ranch.  that's right folks, the pizza is made from scratch! not frozen or canned. it is the real deal beef!  we asked them to please please please please please make our pizza lighter so we can eat together and they obliged.  we ordered a large cheese pizza and an order of bread with cheese on it.  each of us enjoyed our pizza equally and wished we had taken a picture so you could see the fluffy white cheese we use to make it.  we wish we took a picture so you could see the pizza being made, but we'll definitely be back again and again.  "
1829,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too! we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet "
1830,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and the right amount of sauce. service is good and quick. delivery dudes are nice."" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will "
1831,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i think its time we gave jerry and his wife a try! i ordered the white pizza and my wife also had great things to say...!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  i was a bit skeptical when they told me it was hard but i was absolutely thrilled when i opened the box to find that it was indeed this good !  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i think this is what happens when you open a new york style pizza place in new york.  everyone is so friendly and the pizza is an absolute delight.    now "
1832,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spicy salami, sausages, onions, and peas was a welcome break from the usual pizza delivery pizza.  thoughts on toppings?  would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had "
1833,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is prepared daily with love & love i know it's the best pizza i've ever had and i'm a huge fan of garlic balls & sauce. but the acai bowls that came with the pizza were amazing and the 10-inch popeye pie was delicious.   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on "
1834,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. tons of meat options (i think they count calories) and they're sooo goooood! we got lucky to try some hot buns, which was awesome. also, look out for the cheesy, salty, and sour cream. they're all real and good."" ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great on lunch with the kids.  the pizza was very good! i suggest people to bring their own bowl of soup because it was very heavy and not very greasy.  they also have a great gluten free pizza which is great for tour groups too!"" ""we got lucky enough to spend an afternoon with the help of my local guide. he and "
1835,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for? it's here to stay! we ordered the white pizzeria, the sal's special pizza, the 4pc chicken mix, the 4pc beef fat fries, and the mozzarella cheese. i was intrigued by the white because it's so much healthier than the other options. the only negative part of the entire experience was the wait was over an hour long. i don't know why but we kept coming back for more. overall, great place to eat. 4 stars instead of 5 because of location size. it could be so much more if moved to a larger location. but, start small and grow super pizza bros."" ""excellent food! great staff! all around a great experience. it's hidden "
1836,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. good selection of meats. good price. easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.  must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs - WILD. they are air-roasted with sausages, onions, and garlic. superb texture and flavor.  bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the t "
1837,5,Positive," This tasty pizza: fresh mozzarella, tomato, sausage, onion and sweet white onions.  it was delicious.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some "
1838,5,Positive," This tasty pizza finished with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions. note that it doesn't have to be completely vegan cheese- it could be low-fat milk, soy milk, almond milk, rice milk, corn or rice syrup, and it still be delicious!  i also tried adding some grilled garlic bread to the mix, but that was a different story altogether.    many thanks to piola for a great pizza and to jerry for creating a great restaurant in the first place."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza "
1839,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! with fresh fruit toppings and a soft crust it is incredibly tasty. we especially loved the pineapple wedges and the crisp yet chewy bacon. we also had the four cheese pizza and the meat lovers. each one was great! both the slices were extremely good! we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular priced items! when i heard they were offering a 12% tax i thought it was a bit excessive but it turned out to be true. i paid $8 for a large salad and $7.50 for a small one. i might have skipped the large if i could have kept my money any other way.   the flavors were there. the service was good. the atmosphere was great "
1840,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was also very tasty, though i preferred the crust to be a touch burnt.  the ingredients were good, and i'll be back!  though i won't return to eat here except by special order."" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  spacious and good looking space, very friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  a place that has just opened next to our flat top table on the terrace and already has a decent sized party of 5 or 6 people is a very good sign.  also worth noting that they are always fastened with card so you can eat while you wait.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be "
1841,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was a 9 in the oven but they really put a lot of work into it. i recommend people to ask their opinion on the pizza they order as well as the kfc related items they choose. great food. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the "
1842,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, what a treat! i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites of the bunch. they give tons of mushrooms. my only complaint is that i had to wait until just before 11:30 for my order to come out so i may as well took advantage of this opportunity to get a pizza later in the evening.  my friends got their special pizza and i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the mushroom pizza. my only complaint is that i didn't get a chance to try their special blend of spices."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lasagna dinner option with sausage and mushrooms and it was a perfect blend of deliciousness.   the service was very friendly and prompt even though there "
1843,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was also delicious!  lots of sauce options (i like tomato and basil) and the crust keeps a chewy consistency even when it's reheated.    the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i think of it as grilled cheese with parmesan and spinach).  i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!    the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy, just like real wood-fired pizza.  i almost never eat wedges from pizzas but i totally will if i can order them without feeling like a bit of a jerk.    the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that "
1844,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that was promised to be is actually pretty tasty, especially with the sauce. we got lucky and ordered a pepperoni and salami . they were both terrific.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and decided to call this place.  it was delivered in 45 minutes.  not bad.  it tasted home-made, and the delivery man was a nice man.    i lived everything about our experience, except for the fact that the woman on the phone who took my order was short in her words, giving me a bit of attitude.  that's the only reason i am not giving a 5-star rating."" "
1845,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with a creamy sauce is made with fresh mozzarella, spinach, tomatoes, pesto, mushrooms and fresh herbs. it is delicious, and they even serve up a hot cookie for dipping.    the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they are so good!!   the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! and their subs and pastas are great too, but the pizzas really do shine here.  "
1846,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you are going to love it. give it a try soon you lovely (smiling) customer! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was feeling stingy. it was delicious! i also asked for extra virgin olive oil, which i felt was a nice touch.  the reservation form was easy to read and addressed the concerns I had. I filled it out and emailed it when I called.  within minutes, my call was answered by the restaurant's manager. he checked to make sure I was okay and sent me a pizza on the house the following night.   i was a little skeptical when my pizza didn't have any extra toppings, "
1847,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. had a word with the driver? ok, maybe not the best pizza i've had but t...i liked the pizza.   the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon."" ""ordered today to celebrate their 25th birthday, april fools! we celebrated inside, and it was one of those things that was destined to be a memorable evening.  we had mimosas, smoothie, and sundried tomato - all amazing!  our waiter got our drinks immediately and we were ready to go as soon as he walked us through the menu.   he showed us around the room - which was interesting because i don't know a ton of people know this room.  "
1848,5,Positive," This tasty pizza isn't meant to be taken everywhere, so we recommend trying a few different places if you're up for a bit of change. And if you're feeling a bit adventurous, we totally recommend trying the bianca pizza next time around!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of the month while still treating it like a normal pizza. i'm originally from grad, so i've missed a good wood oven pizza. always friendly and fast service. well done!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it "
1849,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! fav peter w! omg so happy we came here! the service was soo friendly! i highly recommend this place! i will definitely come back here! the pizza was ready by the time we were finished eating, and it was an absolutely perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheese.   the other night i asked for a giant slice with extra sauce on top and my pizza didn't have it. they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper! in a surprise though, my pizza did not taste better the next day. i came away with a different opinion. perhaps next time i order i will ask for a spoon to coat the toppings and maybe i will need "
1850,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, no matter how big or small, is sure to please!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by "
1851,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions is exactly what it says it is: tasty, cheap, and very, very good pizza. i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down."" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we arrived 30 minutes before the scheduled time and was not too crowded as we arrived. the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. the tables were eventually moved to a table that could be shared and i attended to making sure that everyone was happy. there was plenty of space and everyone was "
1852,5,Positive," This tasty pizza can give it away with just a flick of a switch.  we ordered the arugula pesto party!  as expected, the pizza was excellent. good quantity, excellent quality.  the lentil wedges are very good.  they were even willing to give us a little extra boost of sour cream on the side to help counteract some of the garlic flavor.  we love arugula pizza!  we wish they would come out with a vegan pizza on the ranch so we can try that one too.  we will definitely come back and try those too.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine "
1853,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, didn't forget to ask for the spicy oil, it's the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. we both love their natural pizza and the family that runs this place are really nice. also, be sure to ask for the spicy oil as well as the granola. neither of those are required but being able to say you didn't like it makes it even better."" ""super yummy pizzas and the healthiest possible burger. also, the ranch dressing really gives it a homemade feel. and the chain restaurants in the area are great for a quick bite before hitting the nightlife."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napolet "
1854,5,Positive," This tasty pizza at a low price. ta-da!  the staff is very nice and friendly to their customers. maybe because it's the last stop before heading out for dinner, but i would still definitely come back."" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and hot lips (i think that is what it was called) - great pizza and high quality food! got the garlic knots as an appetizer very good! got the garlic balls as an appetizer was tasty too! was a little pricey though. i would definitely come back for another slice or two!  people always seem to be happy, and friendly.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit "
1855,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and i didn't even need to ask for sauce. all i ordered was pizza sauce and they gave it to me.  so i had pizza, hummus, feta, olives, tzatziki, and a small greek salad.  the feta was delicious and helped fuel the """"vacation"""" vibe.  i really wish i had taken a picture of the pizza because it would have been awesome to try it without the extra crust.  instead, i will just say that the pizza was delicious and that i was treated to a great meal.  thank you so much!"" ""my.com is the best pizza delivery app by far.  it's cheap, it's convenient, and it delivers pretty much "
1856,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please... ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards.""  "
1857,5,Positive," This tasty pizza also makes a good main. try both!   back to top  food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we really need to stop ordering pizza that has been undercooked in the oven.  instead of throwing away that delicious crust, why not try some of these pizza's over an open flame? we think it tastes even better the next day after being cooked a few more times? i actually prefer this crust to pizza that has been over an open flame, as it has a lot more flavour.  although we did taste some ok over an "
1858,5,Positive," This tasty pizza too. good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the pizza is amazing too! our local favorite!!!"" ""this is our favorite pizza place in pittsburgh! the pizza is amazing and we love the 20% off coupon. 24hr delivery and pick up. the pizza is amazing (thank you so much)"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything puffs of "
1859,5,Positive," This tasty pizza would make a great Sunday morning salad.  i definitely recommend a small sweet pepperoni or two.  the rule is to share one small, medium or large.  i think a medium is a nice size to start.  i would also recommend adding some roasted garlic bread for a touch of extra crunch.  flair is delicious and so are a few sprigs of fresh mint.  the mint is not to be trifled with.  one small can easily be complete and perfectly balanced.  the mild garlic oil is a nice touch i enjoy especially on a hot summer's day.  the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy.  they are also delicious.  i usually get one slice home with some to share.  i know "
1860,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered was a very good pizza. well worth the price tag. i highly recommend people to give this place a try hot or  frozen pizza just because it tastes so good freshly made."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria. also, it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that i was able to eat just one slice and it was fantastic. i definitely recommend this place for any pizza craving."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust "
1861,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, loads of sauce and it's ready in less than 5 minutes!  yummy crust, and piping hot homemade tomato sauce.  perfect balance of spicy, sweet and sour cucumbers, and the perfect crunch of fresh basil.  to spice it up we asked for jalapeno on the side - which we assume was inspired by the taco truck across the street!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal.  we will be back again and again."" ""this is easily one of the best pizza places in scottsdale. any salad and any pizza for a flat price (i think $9). very reasonable. great atmosphere, easy parking, fast service. so many "
1862,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and equally tasty chick and cheese. that chickney is legendary.   ""i grew up in aliceville and i have to say that i have never had a bad experience playing host to a festival. maybe because i am a big beer lover, maybe because i am a big sports fan, but i have never once regretted a festival invite.  festival hours are from 7PM to 9AM and they are always free.   i highly recommend tonys, kensington, and starbucks as venues for any type of event.   i attended kelp hayday at starbucks but skipped the mushroom because i was on my lunch break. let me say upon arrival of our food i was shocked by how "
1863,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ask? yes, we ate many slices of this pizza alone. hence the misspelled ""...so you ask?""  i was intrigued by the """"rocket theme"""" but thought it was a bit cheesy. so i asked if i could add pepperoni, and she obliged.  honestly, i was a bit skeptical when my pizza came with pepperoni cheese and onions. but, boy were the flavors there when i took a bite. i loved the spicy garlic oil and sauerkraut. and, the thick slice with pepperoni, sausage, and onion... i can still taste the spicy salami and tahitian crust.  honestly, i was a bit skeptical when my pizza came with pepper "
1864,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was also delicious. thank you so much!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans "
1865,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is super yummy - especially with the -- wait for it - pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really a fun place.  great pizza and happy customers.  yum!"" 8. order pizza and drink for under 30 bucks and you get a slice of history.  pizza was incredible, garlic knots were delicious and the mozzarella appetizers were good.  once you order your pie you won't be disappointed.  pizza will be good back here. ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the mushroom pizza and its really tasty.  lastly, if you are ever in san daniel, you must go to jameson "
1866,5,Positive," This tasty pizza... ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best "
1867,5,Positive," This tasty pizza we all loved! i think the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of sauce and a fresh mozzarella along with quality toppings makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. it was even tasty the next day. it was even tasty the next day we were here! i think the combination of the fresh ingredients, the proper amount of sauce and a fresh mozzarella along with quality toppings makes it the perfect pizza for any type of pizza party. i think the only reason this not a star is because i can't remember ever having ordered from arcadia area, maybe because i'm not that type of eateries, but i would still definitely return, because pizza is amazing and all! if you are ever "
1868,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a crispy crust and they really go to town on highlighting that it's pizza, it gets better with age the more you eat it. we got lucky to try it at a very young age and we will definitely be back"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to be seated next to one of the best pizza experts in the city, so we asked if we could share one slice with everyone we met.  he graciously agreed and gave us two slices - one really delicious and the other nothing but bland.  all I did was embellish the slices a bit with some delicious toppings and served them with some thick crust chicken.  it was delicious, really.  all i did was "
1869,5,Positive," This tasty pizza tastes even better the next day!  we wish we ended up getting a whole though, that is for sure.  portions are very reasonable, the food is tasty, and it is absolutely BLT-friendly.  a huge plus for us is that they're finally cooking our pizza correctly (i believe they're electric eats)...which was expected since they've been gone for so long."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mo "
1870,5,Positive," This tasty pizza did not disappoint.  a real winner in every way.  the family that stayed had a wonderful time too.  i will definitely return to this place.  the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great value with a great pizza and a great menu.  what more could you ask for?"" ""we ordered a sal's pizza and an order of bread with cheese. the pizza was amazing and the garlic bread amazing. we both love sourdough pizza. i think sourdough is over-used but it really does taste good. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. they are not overly sweet or overly greasy.  they are just right. i highly recommend this place for any pizza lover who "
1871,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, what a treat!  i got a slice of the white pie, it was delicious, slices are really tasty too.  a generic meat lovers, that is what it was. slices are pretty good too, not too greasy.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were so excited! we were tolling the massive wedding bell and heading towards the most romantic spot on the planet when we entered the restaurant. We paused for a moment to admire the ornate carved wood and statuary, then ordered the white pizza and vegetarian entree. i was intrigued by the white, "
1872,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, too.  I think my favourite is the real deal, when it comes to cheese pizza and spicy salami.  salami is nice and spicy, though, and some good sourdough pizza as well.    the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice.   once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!   i ordered a gluten free pizza, which i was happy to oblige.  also, one of the gluten free pizzas was topped with pepper "
1873,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you offer is very good! i will definitely give it a try b4 it being christmas."" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has "
1874,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has a crispy hand and they really load up the toppings. i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza craving."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty "
1875,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try! i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, not fattened up fried dough like you see in the strip."" ""my deliverer was fast and nice, and the pizza was excellent. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it "
1876,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please. please come to la and try their pizza as well! the service is pretty fast so i expect to be back!"" by far the best pizza i have ever had. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is incredibly affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" by far the best pizza i have ever had. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is incredibly affordable ply they have this stamp card so "
1877,5,Positive," This tasty pizza can be had in a number of forms, but the pizza here is really all about the meat.  that means huge slices, often accompanied by a number of tiny cuts of meat, and the sauce.  i highly recommend trying the pepporoni slice, which features a very spicy pepperoni and sauerkraut; mmmm!  there's plenty of sauce for under $40 bucks and it really does taste good.    the crust is thin and crisp, the top crust soft and chewy, and the bottom crust fluffy and delicious.  imagine a thick crust pizza with fewer ingredients and more of a parmesan crust, and you've got me.  my only complaint is that the pizza didn't stay put "
1878,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, a little spicy for my tastes and very good literaly. i usually get the plain cheese pizza or add salami to it (i don't know why but i always taste salami and add the poppy seed qorma to taste it more authentic). the crust is fluffy, buttery and very nicely done. the salami is well done and the mixture is delicious. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the salty salami. i really get no complaints from this place, it's a great every-day pizza!   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite "
1879,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really nice pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner gave us a large wrap with all the delicious toppings on it, which was "
1880,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you got me here. i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it was a little intense tasting but absolutely heavenly on top! you must try it as nature intended, but a tasty, cheap and effective snack before a big night out is a good choice. you will thank me for that delicious snuck away moment later on!  you will also want to check out their nachos, which are made with cold rolled pork, tomato, and aguanil peppers. they are also fans of the tango pizza, which gives it a good shake of the tango sauce.  you will want to check out their margarita pizza, which is basically a pizza with tomatoes, spinach, and mushrooms. "
1881,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is a must try!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the "
1882,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.. so so tasty, but burns so quickly. we had  margarita pizza, too!  add in a slice of this hot pink to the graph and you'll see what i'm talking about.  i'm a huge fan of franklin's pizza, but this one was good, too.  we also tried the housemade mozzarella appetizers, which were very good.  their spinach dip was also very good.  we should try phily-style pizza - but with vegetables and less fat... maybe next time we'll be adventurous and try that too."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepper "
1883,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really a fun place.  great pizza and happy hour.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in "
1884,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was a combined team of heavily seasoned potatoes, mushrooms, onions, pepperoni, sausage, and garlic bread with a dabble of tomato puree.  the crust was crispy with a nice crunch and seasoned with salt.  the toppings were generous with half of it topped with veggies and the other half with meat.  to me, the ratio of the ingredients was good.  i ordered a mushroom pizza and i was happy with that.    i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  great spot to get together with friends to enjoy "
1885,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you seem to have missed our special order pizza. we had it yesterday, today, and it was delicious!  we asked for extra sauce on the side to go with the pepperoni and sausage, and they gave it to us.  hmmm... may I suggest adding some spinach to the sauce while you're eating it?  it was delicious!  also, for the love of god, please don't make my pizza crust extra oily because i like a little bit of spice.  it's not overly greasy, and i really taste like giving it a little bit of flavor.  anyway, i'm back to eating pizza with my family again and i'm sure i'll be back again.  everything i ordered was fantastic and i "
1886,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is ready in under 5 minutes and is loaded with protein!  perfect for sharing, or one small.    you will need to make arrangements to have the pizza delivered to your door.  in the short time i've known you, I have yet to see anyone eat here who has not at some point in their life been told about the greatness of this place by a family member, great uncle, or some other highly regarded ny restaurant.  please continue to provide us with great food and we will continue to come back!"" ""we love the theme of oregano's. super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! would totally endorse this "
1887,5,Positive, This tasty pizza did not change at all.  heavy handed cheese curds and lightly rolled into a ball with a sprinkle of sesame seeds is what makes a good pizza.    we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there is a place in seattle that i have yet to find which compares. i appreciate a good smokey sweet and a good big juicy with good amounts of flavor. they are definitely not fake ones at all. we ordered the mushroom pizza and we were not disappointed. the pizza was delicious and they added a splash of soy sauce for a delicious aftertaste of garlic and sausages. i can still taste the spicy diavola in 
1888,5,Positive," This tasty pizza!  my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome!  it was pretty comprehensive, had a couple of trucks coming in and out, some good bar food, and it was pretty affordable ply they were very generous with the toppings they gave.  i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being made, and i wish i had taken a picture of the pizza when it was hot as it is quite amazing.  the garlic bread and wedges that they give is quite good too, i definitely will take a picture and eat it too.  the only problem was when i walked in "
1889,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered, what a treat!  my only complaint is that i received no coupon for your free pizza meal.  i would love to try those spicy pepperoni and they are to die for!!! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made "
1890,5,Positive," This tasty pizza for the price it's a great value with all the tasty toppings combined. try it out! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do "
1891,5,Positive," This tasty pizza smell just hangs out there.  it's not hard to find, and if you know what you are doing, you're doing it right."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details, but the pizzas are great.  thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. they go quickly and are a great side with some hot buns on the side.    i also tried the mushroom pizza, which is quite possibly the best pizza i've ever had. very tasty, not too greasy, and absolutely the "
1892,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion top you off with a generous side of garlic toast.   middle and lower crusts are equally as good, and often better, and the topping are even better!   bottom crust is still good, and the slices really are a must.   if you just want to pick your own toppings there's plenty of great recipes on yelp (some even have photos on yelp!), so go ahead and save some money and go make that pizza yourself!   you won't be disappointed!"" best pizza ever!!!  Florence, i am a pizza snob but this place is a must!  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients "
1893,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? tell us about it in the comments. i'll bet you won't be disappointed!"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. "
1894,5,Positive," This tasty pizza tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. ""so all the round table pizza "
1895,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you asked for? yes, we did indeed eat one too many slices of pepperoni pizza.  we really need a ny style pizza that doesn't contain pepperoni, it was just overeating.    it also rained today so there's that to consider... i highly recommend people to bring their own water bottles for the sake of water pressure!"" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs, so so so so good!  crust "
1896,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? Well, it's my lucky day!  i went there yesterday, today i ordered two slices of pepperoni pizza, and they were right up there with the best pizza i have ever had! the slices were huge, and they were absolutely perfect! i had cheese on one slice, and they cooked it with a nice spicy sauce. i am totally crazy about this spicy kind of cheese, and they are a 10 in my book club.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant "
1897,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered right?"" ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the pizza was amazing and then we went back for pasta. seriously the service was wonderful and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we ordered the white pizzas alfredo and the black pizza 8% of price tag (after taxes). whoohoo."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make an unruly delicious pizza? i have had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. always friendly and fast service. links to the many great yummy looking options on the menu. who else has an awesome pizza?  i have eaten here "
1898,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you see here was soo goooood! i ate the whole thing plain, sprinkled with some tomato sauce, and it was amazing. i think it tastes even better the next day after being cured in the oven. i didn't try it but i'll definitely give it a try b4."" ""hi all, i am a big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good pizza and good pizza only. focus on the pizza and the rest will follow.   every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza and it's delicious consistency of chocolate, peanut butter, and strawberry shortening. i can "
1899,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, eh? definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza! recommend the antipasti minto to start and the famous bufalina pizza (large enough to share depending on appetite)! i think the ratio of the ingredients is good!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are "
1900,5,Positive," This tasty pizza and frozen yogurt for the office girl (i think that's him - may be it was me). also some really tasty sauces - may be it was.  we ordered a pizza and a salad, and ate together the pizza and the bianca. both were fantastic! the mediterranean pizza with hummus and sausages, and huge chunks of garlic bread (6 inches) was delicious! the slight sour taste in the salad was not overly salty, and both were perfectly mixed and prepared. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's "
1901,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please! we both love their pizza and it won't break the bank! recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table and cutting to the chase!  we did not want to spend $20-30 on a large pizza when the pizza was so good!  we will be back - again and again - and again."" ""my wife and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a salad. the pizza was amazing and they were just starting their salad. our waiter was very friendly and the food came out in a timely fashion.  we will be back to try their chicken. :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! i really got just a plain cheese pizza "
1902,5,Positive," This tasty pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great and cheap snacks (we really only needed 4). ""cheesecake"" is tasty too. thank you"""""" ""onion pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and awesome sauce (recipe below) is one of the best pizza i ever had and the service is pretty decent even for a restaurant with 3 or 4 tables.  note that the mushrooms are still soft and juicy - they should be reheated in the microwave."" ""i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that the hummus is just mainly piled on top in the middle instead of spread uniformly "
1903,5,Positive," This tasty pizza just took awhile to prepare!  we ordered a large pepperoni and salami , mozzarella and parmesan on the side -and both were delicious!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and seasoned to go with the perfectly melted cheese, tomatoes, cucumber and spinach.  parmesan helps melt that expensive wax cheese that makes you spit up all over your napkin and white bread!  plus, they give you a coaster for the ride back to your room!    i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover, regardless of whether you're a first-timer or an experienced diner."" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 "
1904,5,Positive," This tasty pizza will please the entire family and will have been a delicious side with some hot buns on it :)"" my wife and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a salad. the pizza was great and they came out with a variety of great entrees. we loved the cool down special. i recommend guys n gals to come here for some great food."" ""guy's pizza co. coventry location has always been tight and this has always been a pretty busy place.  we always order around 10:30 on a cool night like this.  most of the tables are occupied at the moment so we settle for ordering around here.  pizza is good all around and we always have a killer "
1905,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please: ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn "
1906,5,Positive," This tasty pizza was once again named best pizza in houston by the readers of local9.com!  unsurprisingly, they picked up on the hype and picked up their order.   large cheese pizza and 1/2 chicken parm hoagie to go (we did not want to commit to a whole after a few bad experiences elsewhere).  we wish that we ended up getting a whole though, that is for sure.  the pizza was thinner, thinner, and thinner.  when it came time to eat my husband had a heart attack while trying to deal with the deathly pale blue pizza we were serving.  thankfully his injuries were not life-threatening.    heartily endorse!"" ""the best new york style "
1907,5,Positive," This tasty pizza! My son had the meatball sub he described as very good, however i had difficulty deciding whether he said it was medium or large. he also said the crust was really good!  if you want to try their regular pizza, you can always try their ny style pizza which is still very good!  however, i would definitely recommend the pizza nelly style instead! the crust was thin and crisp,just the right amount of cheese, and the sauce was very flavorful!  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  by the looks of the menu, my personal pizza choices were not a surprise to anyone.  "
1908,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is sure to please!  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.   tables have paper covers and crayons and they're playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it's edc week."" ""what a wonderful place! the pizza is amazing "
1909,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, too. very fresh and zingy, not too heavy on the toppings. good choice of breads. tasty dipping sauces. good choice of dipping sauces. good presentation of the pizza.   a must have for any true pizza lover!"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty.  quebecois beware. there aren't handfuls of toppings, the quebecois couple we invited with "
1910,5,Positive," This tasty pizza. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  some good places that i've been to put a little medley of things, which it had but was just olives, and those green things that end in cini.  there's a place in seattle that i have yet to find which compares.  these guys put rice, hummus, feta, olives, tzatziki, "
1911,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is packaged perfectly with fresh mozz and topped with baby pepperonis, schmaltzachs, and onions.  the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice.  i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!    the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! and their subs and pastas are great too, but the pizzas really do shine here.    if you get dessert, the cheesecake was always my favourite, "
1912,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, okay. Haven't tried it out but it's a go-to when i need a quick bite before going to bed. ""delicious pizza! i am a fan of this place and will be back. the pizza is good ny style, and the staff is very friendly. i will definitely come back! the pizza was made fresh and the sauce was good ny style. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. they were also hot and correct. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it. some sort of basil or spinach leaves in there... i don't know but it was good. it also only took like 2 minutes to make."" ""i have no idea of the history of "
1913,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, eh?!  I was hoping to try some shishito ramen, but they were sold out when i called!  hence the hiatus!"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i "
1914,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, plus hot and fresh entrees, is just what the doctor ordered. we got lucky to find a table that liked what we ordered and said so much!!!  dearly loved touch of garlic and sun dried tomatoes!!!  perfect marinara pizza and so many other things!! oh and the wings.....perfect!  they were amazing and i will definitely go here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were not disappointed.the food was fresh, tasty, and very sociable. we had  crisp, fresh greens, potatoes, and a creamy feta. we ate our fill and had plenty left to save and munch "
1915,5,Positive," This tasty pizza along with a superb chicken tenders are what makes this is a must try! we highly recommend sharing one large with your table as it's the perfect snack or as a main course with your entourage.  the pizza here has always been perfectly cooked and the crust crispy and this time it was no different. every bite was wonderful and we really got a feel for the food.   we definitely plan on back again and i will definitely tell all of my friends!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp and i was totally happy with the decision. i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza or gay night out!"" super yummy pizza and salad  unbelievable service and pizza = gold. will "
1916,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, with hot peppers, onions, and bacon, that just so happens to be made with organic ingredients. they even made it spicy - something I've wanted to try since it opened!"" super yummy pizza and the neighborhood is a favorite place to eat after dark.  very neighborly :) ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, crayons and a little play area in the corner "
1917,5,Positive," This tasty pizza with sausage on it! yummy flavors and a delicious aftertaste of soggy cheese. i loved the pepperoni and the mushrooms. they were also very tasty, albeit a touch salty. i wouldn't mind a little bit of garlic toast sprinkled on the top...ugh."" ""my deliverer was fast and nice.  he gave me a jar of sauce as well as some garlic bread and spices for under $50 bucks. and it was absolutely perfect! i had sundried tomato, spinach, and onion, and the flavor of the garlic bread and spices made it so much better.  he also warned me about the venti frappuccino, which i ignored.  it came with a generous side of ricotta "
1918,5,Positive," This tasty pizza has deep fried french fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese, topped with baby pepperonis, and topped with baby pepperonis again... I've been there.  twice.  in a row.  i'm not made of stone but if you give me a chance i'll probably try something else.  well, at least for the next time i'm ordering pizza from this location."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than hoagie porter's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking "
1919,5,Positive," This tasty pizza that was ridiculously good! had a slice of late night pizza with unicorns and a giant cookie - what a delicious pairing! well done <3"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i might have skipped the crust since it was soo delicious, but i would still leave it alone and i would still be fine.  my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome!  it was very tasty, and it was ready in less than 5 minutes.  "
1920,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is just that, a pizza. It does not have to be fancy and requires plenty of space in the kitchen. It is fresh and delicious and has a crust to die for.   we love deep dish pizza and the crust on this one is no different.  we prefer pizza with tomato sauce, but any mild will do.  the wedges are delicious and crunchy, and the cheese is gooey and melted.  we do wish another cheese would come with it, as we are not big fans of parmesan.    the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  we will be back; again and again "
1921,5,Positive," This tasty pizza, with marinara sauce and sausages, that just melts in your mouth.  i can still taste the spicy diavola in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.    the slight sourness of the ingredients does not let me forget to ask for extra virgin olive oil, and although it is on the pricey side, it is still delicious.    the slight sourness of the ingredients does not let me forget to ask for extra virgin olive oil, and although it is on the pricey side, it is still delicious.   or, if you prefer a lighter, more authentic tuesday, go for the pizza and salad combo.  neither one is bad, and they are "
1922,5,Positive," This tasty pizza on the strip has a place for everybody!  we got lucky to try both the blt and pizza alfredo pizzas.  the blt was delicious, though i preferred the pizza alfredo.   the regular alfredo was also tasty, though i preferred the crisp yet chewy crust.   one of the best blt pizza recipes i ever had and it was absolutely perfect for sharing with a friend.   rino d's are great too!  but i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans "
1923,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is so goooood! we both love their pizza and the environment is great.  requests for pepperoni pizza are always great and the food yum. but the price is the best part.  we can't recommend this place enough.  we will be back again and again."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place "
1924,5,Positive," This tasty pizza you ordered? chances are it's good too. i'm not crazy about all the pepperoni they use but whatever works. gave me neck pain afterwards. and the slices are really small. enough to share with a friend but i highly recommend trying it all to really get your own individuality going. nowhere near as good as pizza parc grè, but better than nothing.   some of the specialty pizzas really good!"" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance here is trendy. a fancy cast iron chandelier hangin, 80's music playing in the background, what's not to like about this "
1925,5,Positive," This tasty pizza is made with fresh ingredients! vegetables are thinly sliced, not crushed, not burned, not rejected because they don't look good, ok? no frozen crusts, oh and the cheese is Parmesan. so so yummy! i can't wait to try it again!  you must try this pizza! it's delicious! and the employees are very friendly! well worth the money! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself "
1926,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas. always friendly and quick service. so many pizza components that it's ridiculous. great place to eat. thank you!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favourites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper!  we chose grape soda, which was great - it was a great riff on the soda fountain kids game.  we each ordered a "
1927,5,Positive," This great service and reasonable price makes it the best value when it comes to pizza in the area. highly recommended!"" ""just left and it was my second time in the last few months. i really felt at home. i got a slice of pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,great pizza and humble sauce. the wings are good too, just a touch greasy. it's also quite legal to eat there without a meal plan.  my only complaint is that i didn't see any carry-out food options other than pizza and wings. which other options are you going to be getting after this one? i definitely thought i'd found my new hangout."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right "
1928,5,Positive, This great service and great pizza. holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes! holy smokes 
1929,5,Positive," This great service!! opened on coventry rd. and the pizza is awesome! pizzaiolo's are good ny style, pizza's awesome!! used to work for this place as a temp, and they seem to be good for go-to's when ordering out.  will definitely be back!!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i assumed all the fancy restaurants would have systems in place to automatically adjust the temperature, but i was under the impression that was automatic.  you manually set the correct amount of time to cook a certain amount of food, at a certain temperature, at a certain relative "
1930,5,Positive," This great service! Awesome pizza and awesome happy hour. All around a great experience. everyday is a great day."" ""around this corner"" is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere.  it's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price.  pizzas are light and delicious.  atmosphere: trendy air conditioner i like the vibe here. trendy decor sears, olives, and tzatziki shops, and  making pasta alfredo risotto - a very very tasty soup indeed!  some of the beers on draft are extremely strong (like, really, really strong) (yummy, tangy, almost like c "
1931,5,Positive," This great service is here.  every one needs to go here. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards "
1932,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. okay, it's not that they don't have it bad, it's that they seem to having it much better than i do. that rice? so so so so so good! i crave it all the time.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating "
1933,5,Positive," This great service with great food! pizzas are good, salads are airways fresh and perfectly cooked, and the breadsticks we ordered for topping were delicious. good prices with wonderful food. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the "
1934,5,Positive," This great service!!! everyone is friendly and prompt. definitely will not be going here often. ""love it. owner is from west babylon, ny. he and his family immigrated to the united states when they arrived. they lived here for a long time and were happy. they had a pizza shop and italian bakery in islip terrace ny right down the street from where i worked as a waitress. i can still see the pizza being made and the slices being taken out.  will definitely be back!"" ""we decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and because i was craving a little bit of pizzazz.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and no one ever showed up to complain.  "
1935,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for large ny style slices of pizza and hot buns is a pretty damn good deal.  note:  if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $9.99.  they surpising also have amazing fried chicken almost like kfc.  i actually like it more than kfc and it is cheaper as well.  10 huge chicken pieces and medium wedges for only $12.99.  only thing bad is the plaza parking is horrible as it shared with wendy's, starbucks,kelsey and mr. greek.  can "
1936,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. can't recommend this place enough."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta were superb. great service and "
1937,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny slice of pizza and beer at a local sports bar is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had "
1938,5,Positive," This great service!! checked in and got the pepperoni cheese bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...our first time there, hands down!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors.  can't wait to come back and try some more! ""came in during lunch. pretty busy inside but nice atmosphere has a really nice patio seating area. got the pepperoni cheese bread appetizer wtf is that? what is that thing with the green stuff and white? got it now!! ruined my birthday!!! gave me margarita instead of pizza because i was bored and i wasn't on birth control. well i guess i'm off to a great start ;)  came in 15 minutes before the bell "
1939,5,Positive," This great service and we ordered a pizza and a gluten free pizza. the pizza was amazing and we had  plenty of food to finish us off. we got to choose between a grilled cheese omelet with pepperoni, sausage, and onion, or a plain cheese omelet, with chicken and  basil leaves, and sweet potato fries. i ended up getting the chili oil omelet, and you can always try out the sausage one if you want. i really got just a plain cheese omelet, but i think that was just me.   the food was so memorable! i would love to come back to try some other georgian dishes. i think though, the place could use some natural lighting, it is very dim "
1940,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas..the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was because it would not make me order it again.  if you are in the mood to try something different i would definitely recommend."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good "
1941,5,Positive," This great service!  all the while enjoying the delights of a great pizza and the crust. their breadsticks are delish.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i was born and raised in the bay and i've been here a few times when i traveled. it's nice to have a destination with real pizza here instead of all pizza that's too much of a bum rush.   every one needs to go here! it's not the best pizza ever but it's the best i've had in arcadia "
1942,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza. go there immediately!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about four stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, "
1943,5,Positive," This great service unfortunately does not bode well for business as the walls get thinner and the tables get higher...so instead of welcoming a new york style restaurant to the table we decided to open a beall's outlet right next door and have a place to eat after the moon games and before the season opener.   honestly, the thought of having a cold beer and mushy mild pizza on a rainy night is amazing.  even better, since there's no soda fountain outside, you can drink your own soda instead!  i definitely recommend this place when i'm in the mood to go for a lazy after dinner meal."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel "
1944,5,Positive," This great service! always friendly and prompt servers! 4 stars!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they give away will be a nice little treat for anyone who comes in after dark.  i came here because i was hungry and decided to eat my way through the menu and all the flavors.  my girls both had amazing pizzas and i came because i was craving some serious cheese pizza.  both the other half cheese pizz "
1945,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
1946,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i definitely will come back to this place. my only complaint is that i was somewhat skeptical when my husband ordered chicken tenders but they send you a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion...what happened to yummy, fresh, suburban pizza?!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was incrediblegggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting the finishing touches together on the look and presentation, and are not quite all set "
1947,5,Positive," This great service! tasty pizza and great service. always friendly and quick service. so many great things going for it!"" ""trying out a new greek place today and so happy i did! went to piola for lunch. they have really good pizza! i definitely will be back to have more from this delicious establishment!  we ordered giordano's - margherita with sausage and onion. i was intrigued by the margherita because its the only one on the menu that i have never had. so we got to talking and he suggested we try the more """"special"""" toppings. we loved them both!  he also warned us that there is a 2 liter bottle of wine that you can get for $5. "
1948,5,Positive," This great service, tasty food and skilful bartenders helping to round it all out. a perfect blend of local ingredients that you can't help but enjoy. who else has a backyard patio area, patio seating area, function space that also features a great pizza place, brunch spot and a wine and martini bar? oh and they also have amazing fried chicken almost like a cross between greek and black olives. just a thought. we'll definitely be back."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it "
1949,5,Positive," This great service even for a large party!  everyone is friendly and chatty, even the servers.  very happy i decided to eat here after all these yelp reviews!!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  we've been here three different times and were happy each time.  the food was good, the service good, and the atmosphere was good.  we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely go back!"" ""we went here for the first time at july 31, 2013.  we were told about the place and how it was going to be so we decided to try it out.  we "
1950,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas. also they taste great!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""always friendly and prompt service.   great pizza and the pizza here is no exception. 24 hour delivery and pick up. the mozzarella appetizers are to die for!!! ""pizza was very tasty, pizza cheese is to die for.  they bring in some great pizza toppings.   we got lucky and got a table but it was still good.   they lose a star "
1951,5,Positive," This great service and they are not breaking the bank!!!! just a regular pizza delivery boy."" ""go here whenever possible -- anywhere is better than michigan...at least for me. i think it's better than ordering from random locations on yelp.  the crust is soggy but still has a good flavor. they also use freshly ground pepper which i am super excited about.  i'll be back; it's worth the trip! i was initially skeptical but experienced no ill effects from the pepper.   the slices are huge and i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.   the regular pizza is just pizza, sliced thin and hot to "
1952,5,Positive," This great service also means great food! we had the chicken tenders and the mains were good, just light. we'll be back to try those.<|endoftext|>Generally speaking, pizza is a great go-to when eating out.  it's a great warm favorite when dining in, and it's a great snack before a show.  especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""when my girlfriend and i heard about this place we went straight to the pizzas. they were incredible! amazing crust, amazing cheese, amazing sauce. we ate our fill and felt great afterwards.  the service was pretty friendly even though most of the customers were around 30 years old and had already entered the restaurant.  we will definitely come back "
1953,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
1954,5,Positive," This great service! excellent pizza and great pizzas. always friendly and fast service. so many pizza options you will have a delicious pizza! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go "
1955,5,Positive," This great service all around a must go to! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good!  overall, "
1956,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 can't hurt either. waiting for my order to come back around 10:30 was a little uncomfortable, but everything was good- hand shake, props, and to get a $5 tip seems kind of weird, but whoever did this seems to know what he's doing and is giving it back.  also, i gotta say my margarita pizza didn't taste burnt.  it was more like popcorn, which i am more than fine with.  while this place has it's positives and negatives, it always gives me well done pizza and strives to be a high quality pizza parlor. i will definitely be back"" ""great pizza, great wings, and the best margarita pizza ever! we had "
1957,5,Positive," This great service and great food at an excellent value. wonderfully priced. so many hungry people on hand to share you can have it all. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go "
1958,5,Positive," This great service all around a great product. all the young professionals around me know how to please and will forever be my clients. ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the time. the "
1959,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas!!! they taste even better the next day. great pizza, great price with all the comforts of home. fantastic pizza."" ""this pizza was great. they added some flavorful toppings to it. great service. all the while, it looked and smelled delicious. we will definitely come back to this place.  xoxo, xoxo, and more xoxo's!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4-hour wait for a chicago style pizza, a pizza with fries as well as a large salad and good meat alternatives is a pretty good deal. so we decided to try out a gluten free pizza with hummus instead of hummus "
1960,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
1961,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. every time we come here it's a pleasure to order pizza.  so please do not expect to dine in there and instead order to share as i do not recommend that you share after your ordered.   i would also advise that you do not attempt to order without speaking to the owner as there are many variations on the pizza that you can choose from."" ""i am a big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly "
1962,5,Positive," This great service. constantly going back for more! kfc who? ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the owners played nice, introducing us to some tasty music while also showing us around. we thought a pizza would be a good introduction to some new york style pizza, salad and breadsticks. we loved the pizza and the combination of salad and the flavorful creamy cheese we added to it. we also tried the bruschetta appetizer, which was quite good. the owner even let us try some of his specialty pizza sauce. of course, we loved the chance to try some of their real deal strong arm pizza!  as much pizza as i eat "
1963,5,Positive," This great service. plenty of seats. everyone on your crew is treating you great. :)"" ""we were so excited for this restaurant to open!! we have been here three different times and were happy each time.  we ordered a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  huge slices of pizza and good wings.  oh and the pizza is great!!!"" ""finally opened cause i thought it was such a cool idea. i heard it was good so i went ahead and ordered a pizza less than 24 hours after opening. my pizza was great and they were right! i was a bit skeptical when my waiter told me they only had pepperoni and garlic bread, but "
1964,5,Positive," This great service25-54 yrs old town chic restaurant that feels right at the intersection of old and new. trendy, trendy, trendy.   new york atmosphere but still has a homemade feel.   fresh and trendy produce while still having that authentic york feel.   good pizza and so many other things.   wish i could have tried everything but i walked away with just a regular pizza and a bottle of wine, that was nice."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.   i wanted to try something new, so i found the closest ny "
1965,5,Positive," This great service b4."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. pub is down the block so i boarding up the window with a ""no dogs, no smoking, please"" sign. ""dogs everywhere but this place has something you will enjoy!  opening hours are from 10:30 till 1:00 (local time) - they just opened til 1:00 (PM) and were just coming out of a nap!  I got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and a small salad and a small spicy pepperoni and was ready in less than 5 minutes!  super yummy, super crispy, and totally to die for!  every bite was delicious!  i wear glasses so you can "
1966,5,Positive," This great service, and the fact that they're mostly kids making 'em is kind of hilarious.  can't complain 'cept against the parents who obviously just don't give a damn.  but hey, at least they're not open 24/7... I'll definitely be back"" ""this is the best pizza & pasta dishes at the lake by far. food is amazing, the staff is fantastic and the pizza is top notch.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the items we requested.  we had the meatballs & cheese bread appetizers as well as the meatballs & cheese pizza... which had cheese on 'em. i can still taste the garlic in my breath "
1967,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza.  will be passing along tips and tricks..."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think "
1968,5,Positive," This great service and they are not marked on anything so we will have to come back and try that out.  also, they are a little wary of offering skinny dipping sauces so we will have to keep that in mind :)  4.5/5!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after "
1969,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza is always on point and you can always tell the mood of the place.  also, it's usually pretty low key inside, which is always a plus for me.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these guys are posters and they know how to party!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i stopped in here for a slide and a soda one day and was very pleased. this is real deal great pizza, great prices, and they really know how to treat their food. i have never been to a soft opening so i can't say i've enjoyed every sip of "
1970,5,Positive," This great service yet reasonable prices makes it a winner choice for any occasion. good beer, good pizza and the coolest of calgary decorating the walls with art from around the globe. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the me "
1971,5,Positive," This great service as always, pizza is perfection and so is the pizza. we had the school style pasta dinner with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach, and peas ( I kid you not... i was amazed at how much spinach was in the food!!!!!! it was wonderful) and the baked ziti (i think they call it spaghetti) with hummus, feta, olives, and tzatziki (seems to me they make a good sports drink). food, drinks, and service was excellent. could not be happier with this restaurant."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that "
1972,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i definitely will come back to this place. all i ordered was a large pepperoni and salami and they delivered it perfectly cooked and piping hot.   you start off with a large pizza and add water to it to make it more pliable. you then have the option of spreading the sauce on the crust or toppling it with cheese. i recommend spreading the sauce on the crust rather than topping it with cheese as it adds extra flavor.  again, i would like to thank them for a great pizza and i will definitely come back to this place. i also ordered a garlic bread today to make it even better!  you start getting north and what happens?"" ""my boyfriend and i came in "
1973,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
1974,5,Positive," This great service with very good food. took home a slice of pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,great pizza!!!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion "
1975,5,Positive," This great service and casually-dressed waiters.  all around a great experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some sort of vegetarian entree, some sort of grilled garlic chicken, some sort of sweet white tomato sauce, some sort of vegan mayo, some sort of hot bbq sauce, some sort of crispy chicken tenders, some sort of hummus, some sort of spicy vegan mayo, some sort of garlicky vegan mayo, some sort of hot bq sauce, and some sort of smooth peanut butter sauce.  absolutely the most upscale dining option at aria. and just found this place to be very "
1976,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza! arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the pizza was perfect...damn good!"" ""just left and it was my second time in the last few months going to loungas. i really want the food to be as authentic as possible so i can eat healthy on every visit. i would really recommend to try their nachos - they are awesome! the regular pizza was just alright, just bland."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than oaxacan's massive 6-cheese variety. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard "
1977,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
1978,5,Positive," This great service and perfectly cooked and seasoned makes you want to eat here forever.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient server with our undecided group. also we loved the surprisingly good tasting white sauce on our pizzas!! everything was amazing!! the mozzarella appetizers and the extreme hot wings!! oh so good, fatty food!! we look forward to coming back!!"" "
1979,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza..all around a great experience."" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with hummus and he took care of it with a nice thick yogurt sauce. we also asked if i could add some feta. all of the ingredients tasted good despite the awkward assembly.   service was bland...not rude...but never smiled.   regardless, we will be back -- again and again."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the "
1980,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
1981,5,Positive," This great service and will never go bad. also they are a local company; i will be coming here often."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas "
1982,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 dip for shaking hands during happy hour. i actually feel that this is a great place that should be around for a long time. great burgers, excellent fries, and the most affordable dinner in the strip. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and "
1983,5,Positive," This great service. always friendly and prompt servers. good pizza and salad, and the meatballs and desserts are served in a delicious and freshly pressedauceased from the oven. they even heat the pie crust and add some butter to the batter so you can customize it to your needs.   if you get dessert, it's the real deal--real fruit, real ice cream, and it's the BEST tasting vanilla cake you've ever had. it was even delicious if you enjoyed a little bit of buffer space before diving in.  you won't be disappointed, especially if you're already inside the aria valley or are just passing through the area on a whim.   you won't be disappointed to be walking on fremont. "
1984,5,Positive," This great service and heavy yet tasty crust. the artichoke bruschetta! oh so good, clean and buttery, just the right amount of spicy. we got lucky not to have to order our food beforehand, we would have been fine without a ny style pizza, but i definitely thought it finished off the meal so well. the fact that they give you a reusable straw to wash it with is a nice touch that i will definitely recommend! we will definitely be back, and again and again. ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally "
1985,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky & had a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar only. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i moved into this building about a year ago and have yet to see it fully utilized. Recently, however, we've seen some really great use of it. Recently, for example, we found ourselves a fantastic new pizza place to try!! We ended up liking it immensely and will likely be moving to a larger location very soon."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the "
1986,5,Positive," This great service - and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
1987,5,Positive," This great service and pretty good pizza as well.  affordable as hell and good for sharing... oh and it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos... they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille "
1988,5,Positive," This great service and they are not a beall's exclusive.  they will happily go out of their way to please their clientele.  am I the only one who finds this guy and his way of doing things charming and charming... me too.   will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and get to know you. i "
1989,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas! being able to play around a few themes is a plus for me.  great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing "
1990,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer ny style salad is a pretty damn good deal.  note: you have to ask if you have to do anything extra special to be eligible to eat here or receive a special discount. i understand but i was hoping to earn a coupon or two and that my boozing on this particular evening would be more of a treat than a wearying afterthought.   entering the restaurant you immediately notice the large display cases stacked high with some pretty impressive selection. the service is quick and friendly, and the atmosphere is pleasant and inviting.   i ordered the pizza fries with pepperoni and man were they yummy!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned "
1991,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. they even cook your pizza. go ahead and make your reservation bae. you won't be sorry!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. it's nostalgic and fun. they even gave me a slice of the pie I made (large enough to share with my entourage) :)"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in town! the mushrooms are to die for and so is the mild heat of the oven.  i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not "
1992,5,Positive," This great service all around a great product. i love it when people are friendly and helpful. go ahead and order a slice and you'll have it within minutes! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was at a loss for words. it was delicious! i also tried the mozzarella appetizer, which was great. the lentil wings are also really tasty. the tuna salad was a nice side with hummus and olives. and the mozzarella cheese is great! it was rich and flavorful, and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  i will definitely eat here again and i will definitely tell all of the "
1993,5,Positive," This great service and they love their pizza. i highly recommend."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great "
1994,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar meal at a great price. the only thing i will mention is that they are a locally owned and operated business and i will be back. yummy pizza, fries, hummus and the best hummus possible, the perfect base sauce for almost any recipe and the environment is so much more fun!  my husband and i both love their veggie and meat-free options. :)"" ""we planned a dinner party with some of our favorite restaurants in the area. we came here before a concert at consol center. we wanted to try something new and overindulged. we ordered a lot of food but was a little disappointed in the lack of product. we hoped they would come out with some healthy healthy healthy "
1995,5,Positive," This great service all around a great experience. highly recommend!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach and an order of their wings.  everything was delicious except for one thing- we didn't realize we had a wine and martini glass.  we looked like idiots not having a clue what kind of drinks we had in our order.  thankfully, we picked up the tab for that and i can tell you from experience that it was an excellent choice.  great pizza and highly recommend sharing one large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.    you must try the pizza as nature intended, but a great hack from my wait "
1996,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
1997,5,Positive," This great service and they will take great orders!  highly recommend!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice "
1998,5,Positive," This great service. consistently good pizza. going strong. great brands. supporting local companies. all this while remaining 100% natural. which is why we eat here 24/7/365. how can you go wrong with this pizza? yummy crust, awesome toppings, and an amazing sauce. also, it's totally legal to drink wine or beer at this location - it's just against the law in this part of las vegas."" ""we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and were very pleased with the decision to place an order. our order was taken at a table, though several people came in to order to-go and went straight to the counter."" super yummy pizzas and salads! what more could you possibly want. we got "
1999,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was delicious, though, with the prosciutto and the mild meat sauce. i also tried the housemade spicy oil, which they add after the pizza is cooked. all of the ingredients tasted good despite the crude image on the box. i'll definitely order from here again, and i'll definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so "
2000,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas. a little pricey but well worth it. yummy crusts and fresh toppings. everywhere i go now that i'm a vegetarian i at least try and go a little organic. ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were "
2001,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i highly recommend! we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday. apache pizza did us a favor by giving us a nice slice of pizza we could share with our two young daughters.  we both loved the pizza.  sergio's is a good place to go when pizzaiolo's are scarce."" ""seriously, the pizza was amazing and it was covered in sautéed onions, all of which were delicious!  also, the compliments on the napoletan pizza above are totally appropriate.  everything was amazing and we will definitely go here again. i bet i will be ordering from there again. ; "
2002,5,Positive," d"" ""i was amazed "
2003,5,Positive," This great service and our very own 8oz of pizza was perfectly balanced between taste and price.  we had nitro hot dogs, a giant slice of pizza topped with potatoes and our pickles, both were amazing!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of a sudden this place becomes delicious.    every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as "
2004,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
2005,5,Positive," This great service!  affordable prices!  absolutely everything you could want and need, for as little as $10 you will have a good meal.  i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was "
2006,5,Positive," This great service. always friendly and quick service. and prices are very reasonable. what more can you ask for?"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" "
2007,5,Positive," This great service. great pizza. all around a great experience. go try it, you wont be disappointed."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. "
2008,5,Positive," This great service i had the chicken tenders and the meatballs my wife was in heaven over here.  super friendly waiters and great food and will never go bad."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  maybe because it's the only one open late enough for me to order and the other because I'm a sucker for good pizza and fast.  in my many attempts to find a good pizza place in the durham region, this one has stood the test of time best.  my wife and i both love their pizza and will most definitely be back."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in the durham region. "
2009,5,Positive," This great service and reasonable price makes it the best restaurant for any situation. we had the chicken tenders and they were fantastic too. great chicken and waffles, and reasonable price makes it the best restaurant for as long as you love eating fresh chicken. ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. "
2010,5,Positive," This great service! always friendly and prompt service. pizza and wings designs that really stand out. walking distance...amen."" ""quite possibly my favorite pizza place in the country. the mozzarella appetizers are simply amazing and the pizza is great. chicken tenders are also fantastic and the chicken tenders are near perfect. the chicken is large and it is delicious!   the chicken tenders are very good too, just a touch greasy.  i prefer ordering the whole chicken rather than cutting it into pieces as i do not want it too greasy.  we usually order a large pizza and split the rest equally.  if you are in the mood to try something different i would definitely recommend rwbqr."" ""yes! "
2011,5,Positive," This great service!!! everyone on here is friendly and helpful. the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that i was unable to leave a review due to time constraints.  anyway, i leave you with this picture of a perfectly mowed lawn and 5 small kids under 10. they clearly care about their customers and will go above and beyond to make sure you are satisfied. I will definitely be back"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the "
2012,5,Positive," This great service with great food! always friendly and fast service! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! i love that it's gluten free so you can eat too if you want! the to-go window is always open so you can order from their menu and even take home a slice of pizza from the oven.   i chose the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the mild yet still spicy pepperoni. they were so good! i also ordered a salad, "
2013,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza is always right next to the strip. going to monday's is a must. i highly recommend."" ""go there early for lunch. it's not crowded and very quiet. very good pizza and the meatballs. often overlooked on fremont, but definitely worth a visit. go there immediately!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i wouldn't expect much better than 87% positive net carbs from a smoothie bar with wholek's frozen yogurt and local fruit.  keep in mind i worked as a waitress here for 3 years and have never had a negative experience. "
2014,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky & had a lovely table one day.  tip: bring some wine with you -- it's that or sit at the bar for the night and eat crow.   dial ahead to check availability -- there's a good chance you'll get a table, if you're lucky."" ""dial ahead and ordered the pizza couples. i thought it was a little unusual for a pizza restaurant to only offer glass half-priced, but apparently it's the law in florida! so i went with the pizza half-priced, and wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza, but it was actually the other way around -- so i guess i'll just keep going back again and again."" "" "
2015,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza! we had a fresh mozzarella appetizer, mushrooms shreds, a large salad and some spicy salami (irl). the crust was delicious and the serving was enough to get you through 4 slices.  we got lucky and got a table that sat back and enjoyed the show!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i "
2016,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i definitely will come back to this place.  now i want to get right to the point and say how awesome is pizza by the slice? i thought that was a great idea!  of course, i was wrong.  within minutes of placing my order i was bombarded with dozens of emails from around the globe with the subject line, ""how do you like my pizza?"".  honestly, the only positive review i can give is to come here if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the "
2017,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky and landed a table at a table only.  we'll definitely be back"" ""while walking around today, we noticed a table only option for large groups.  given that assertion, weiz Ben-Gurion is a must-visit for any event space.  ideally, you would like to dine in there yourself if you want to be eligible for a coupon.  unfortunately, we were unable to accommodate a large group in there, so we decided to shelve the table option and focus on serving the best pizza possible.    while table service was good, the pizza was on point.  several slices of cheese were melty, many more toppings were delicious, and the crust was cooked "
2018,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza. i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down!"" ""always a pleasure talking to you and your colleagues at piola.   your pizza is a very very good one should definitely go here! the part where they take away your knife and fork for a little while is a very appropriate move for a pizza parlor to make.   i really wish i had a place like this closer to my house on a date.  i'd rather spend an afternoon with my family and try out a few new places, but i suppose that's up to you."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your "
2019,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza is sure to please."" ""grocery shopping at a grocery store is like trying to shoplift from a punk show at a library.  there's a decent chance you won't be able to walk out with all your stuff, but at least you got your order in advance so you could try something different.  if you don't feel like buying from the store, you can always walk in and ask.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  ten minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic "
2020,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza!! we both love black or pizza and the joint is probably the closest place we will be able to get to on this side of town.  very friendly and prompt servers and very good pizza and hashish...all these things are common sense."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she was quite impressed with the pizza and thought it worthy of a visit to michigan :)  had breakfast with my two young daughters here.  we chose the mushroom pizza and the arugula salad.  the pizza was quite good and we both enjoyed the milder flavors.  one of the few places in the area that i feel comfortable recommending to my friends and family."" ""one of the best pizza places in tal "
2021,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. would definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular"
2022,5,Positive," This great service!! picked up pizza and share was superb.  took out twice that for leftovers.  highly recommend! ""went for my birthday dinner. so yummy! the decor is absolutely amazing. i fell in love, so classy, so chic, perfect for my bday celebration. i wanted pizza and what a good choice it was! we started with the chicken artichoke bruschetta! excellent. then had the four cheese pizza adding spinach. delicious. then they brought me a yummy dessert  i loved it!"" i ordered from here and i was a little skeptical. but the food came fast it was fresh and delicious plus the driver was very pleasant. the prices are very fair 2 pizzas for 20 bucks with delivery "
2023,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. we had the berettte and the five cheese pizza and the five cheese salad. the two slices of meat were superb and we had leftovers for the week. the arugula salads are also very tasty. a handy location for a pizza and a great salad. a lot of fun places to eat just got even better."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  et al. is very mcgill city, very family oriented.  they bring the whole pizza and often have items you can only get at other restaurants.  they also have a great eclectic selection of clothes and shoes.  i recommend the spaghetti and meatballs."" ""when you have three kids under "
2024,5,Positive," This great service and we got the largest Margherita we could have asked for!  also huge slices of pizza!  everything was wonderful!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask them for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day "
2025,5,Positive," This great service was had by our waiter, and packed atmosphere throughout the restaurant.  great pizza and really tasty crust.  will definitely be back"" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was "
2026,5,Positive," This great service. smooth running Pub. easy parking. friendly servers willing to laugh with you. top notch pizza and craft beer selection. all you need to make you a proud owner. what's not to like about this place.   we will definitely be back."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it has a few dollops. novonta pulls that off (pizza brutta did too). novonta's crust was good, and the rest of the pizza was even better. "
2027,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza. trusted brogueur."" ""broom 914 brogueur, what a delicious pizza!  it's no secret that we like this place on de la montagne just under st. catherine.  we wish we had this place close to our suite, as it is rather spacious.  we always order delivery, and they always deliver in 30 minutes.  highly recommend!  also, the garlic knots that came with the pepperoni pizza are delicious.  i always feel free to ask for extra garlic.  they are delectable!"" super yummy pizzas and salads!  the service was wonderful and the food yum.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had "
2028,5,Positive," This great service and reasonable price makes this is a winner choice. go try it, you will love it."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. "
2029,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!!!5-cheese(rits) !!!4-kayaked(rarely) !!!3- potato chips(rarely) !!!!1-size pizza(rarely) !!!!1-large pizza(rarely) !!!!1-craft beer(rarely) !!!!1-jalapeno(rarely) !!!!1-organic ground beef(rarely) !!!!1-organic chicken(rarely) !!!! "
2030,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas makes it the best pizza town in the world."" ""been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i suggest anyone who tries it to replace the old fashioned way with the new york style of ordering. i suggest anyone 21 and up to pay an additional $5 for the chance to try the aged 2 lb. serving. i highly recommend this.  8.30 - we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. it was very busy at all but clearly people were coming for lunch. so we got here on an urgent basis instead of waiting until it was really busy.  we got our food set up - i think they use ice cream for dipping - and were immediately seated "
2031,5,Positive," This great service. always friendly and prompt servers. good pizza and the 9 cheese pizza I mentioned above. ""so all the round table pizza chains in vegas shut down so i went to check them out. guess what?? they are open again!! i went in for my pizza slice on friday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when i came in. so i ordered one of the large pizza slices and a small one as well as a large pepperoni and cheese pizza. my bf took my order and we headed back outside.   friday is always a good day to visit franklin and if you get hungry you can always go to the cafeteria instead.   all the workers there are friendly and polite "
2032,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky when our pizza came with two slices of tomato sauce. we ate the pizza alone and the daikon radish salad. was a little chilly while cooking, but absolutely delicious fresh.   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. "
2033,5,Positive," This great service and there's really no other pizza place in the area that will serve it.  we will continue to go back!!"" ""just left and it was one of my favorite things to do in arcadia area. great pizza, great price. it was the type of place that you could eat many meals at once and still have everything you ordered. highly recommend."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. we moved in a couple blocks away and this will for sure be a walking distance dinner spot for us. great pizza, great price. the atmosphere is so comfortable, i especially love the patio environment where we can eat, drink, and lounge from time to time.  would also endorse the spaghetti and meatballs, "
2034,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
2035,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i will most definitely be back"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza "
2036,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza! i highly recommend! we just ordered a garlic knots pizza and they were good, fave, fave, fave!  we got married two weeks ago and we are both vegans/so is he/she.  so why not give them a try...i mean...if you haven't tried them yet?  esuch...i did warn you.  every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and polite, probably the opposite of the usual restaurant.  i will definitely come back and try those again.   if you are already inside and want to eat dinner, stop by before it gets too busy and you will have a long wait.  i would also suggest going during happy hour "
2037,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  so if you have any complaints or suggestions for improvement, please do not hesitate to let me know. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic "
2038,5,Positive," This great service and perfectly baked but this will do. yum yum yum!! ""ordered sushi pizza and extra salmon sushi combo.  food came out in 20 minutes, nice touch.  pizza was delicious, i especially liked the mild style they use.  also asked for extra salmon, and they remembered me and gave me a drink coupon.  a bonus tip for when you get a table over 40 years old and you don't want to look like a jerk ordering sushi from a cash only table.    overall, great place to eat.  even though it's pricey, it's a great place to grab a quick bite while you're shopping."" ""stopped in on a sunday afternoon and i could not resist "
2039,5,Positive," This great service and really great pizza and they are covered for a reason. this is their raid! recommend hitting up their slice & dip parlor instead. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table or leaving room for the inevitable 6 person pizza fight."" ""i was here with my boyfriend when he was in town. we "
2040,5,Positive," This great service and reasonable prices makes it the best pizza and pasta dishes at a cheap price in the area.  the walls are really nice and it's not too packed in, making it a good place for anytime of the day."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to pitt includes a visit to aiello's. and if we know anyone driving east, we request a transfer!  if you are in search of fancy """"gourmet"""" pizza, go elsewhere "
2041,5,Positive," This great service. always friendly and prompt servers willing to laugh and play along. good beer on tap for those that want it. good price/quality of food.  near perfect neighbourhood location for a pizza delivery place. convenient to all pittsburgh destinations.  all pizza orders will be met with a smile, even the delivery ones!  all delivery takes are 15 minutes, on average.  minutes after you place your order you will receive a confirmation e-mail with the restaurant's menu, prices, and delivery status.  i highly recommend checking to see if your pizza is leftovers!"" by far my favorite pizza in the city! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here "
2042,5,Positive," This great service and we got the pizza we asked for and the fall spices we desired. everything was wonderful and we survived the terrifying experience of ordering ""dinner"" and expecting to be left with a note from the chef's table requesting we please continue.   i reluctantly obliged and spent $18 on a mediocre pizza.   tldr: mediocre pizza can be had for under $50!  highly recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian pizza before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp. "
2043,5,Positive," This great service and they are not too fussy with the decor. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards "
2044,5,Positive," This great service with great food! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took "
2045,5,Positive," This great service and perfectly baked but these little details add up to make it a perfect pie.  each slice is complete with its own sauce and full of crushed froyo.  i highly recommend trying it out if you're a fan of simple and tasty pizza."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i got a large slice with caramelized onions, spinach, and garlic. the crust was flavorful, though a touch salty. i imagine it tastes even better the next day after being basted with extra virgin olive oil and honey.    i walked in about "
2046,5,Positive," This great service when you order the pizza and the staff is very friendly.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table and being prepared to order a second slice when you need to go fast.   i highly recommend this place for any pizza lover or serious pizza critic. you can buy pizza by the "
2047,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza makes this is a must go to!!!!"" ""rated 5 stars!! this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. also, they are a 10 in my book classifieds.   every time we come in we look forward to a fresh new york style pizza!   the only reason we are not giving a 5 is that i don't know if they are still open or if they have closed down but i sure haven't seen anyone walk in here without a coupon or free pizza!   every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza and it's delicious!  it's located near #julyn "
2048,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky!  now that i think about it, maybe it's time to open my own pizza parlor....?"" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a coke addict once i realized they could afford a smack down for $5 at a gas station.  i doubt i'll be needing that slice anytime soon.  i ordered my pizza carry out and received a coupon for $10 off. i went with that and ate all my pizza crust by crust.   the pizza was amazing and i'll be posting pictures of it too. it was so rich and flavorful.  the crust was smeared "
2049,5,Positive," This great service with great pizza and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly "
2050,5,Positive," This great service and nice atmosphere. we will definitely be back""! ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we were looking for a new pizza place to try and came across your site.  we ordered a medium pizza and a large cheese pizza.  both were excellent!  huge slices of cheese and delicious crust.  i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but you get the flavor of the pizza and the toppings add a lot of deliciousness to it.  i also tried the basil pesto, which was awesome.  it really gave it a homemade feeling.  again, i would definitely come back!"" ""i heard rumors going around that some sort of a live music venue was available, so i was happy to "
2051,5,Positive," This great service as always.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  also, the pizza is excellent -- nothing special, but something for the eye and stomach."" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats cool with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing."" ""this is probably our favorite bar in pittsburgh.  we get pizza all the time here and it's a really good one.  the pizza is amazing, it's delicious, and the employees are extremely friendly.  will definitely come back here!  we got lucky & got "
2052,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  so on that note, i say if you want a quick bite while shopping, walking around coventry and into doraville, a place that could easily be your next stop on your bike ride to the movies? if you say so."" ""came in during lunch yesterday and was quite impressed by the pizza they had on hand. apparently i wasn't the only one who noticed their pizza was unusually thin. they seemed to be missing a little something. i recommend trying their pizza again though."" ""i was visiting from out of town and needed to get a pizza fix.  luckily, my local pizza place pulled out all the stops!  they had a "
2053,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza. go ahead and make your reservation, you won't be sorry!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there "
2054,5,Positive," This great service and it is very budget friendly. great place to eat. ""first time here.  checked in and got the pepperoni cheese bread appetizer for $2.85!  it was amazing!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  i would totally eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the "
2055,5,Positive," This great service with great food. kept coming back for more. now i'm craving that burnt orange cheesecake!!!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a strong margarita, just the right amount of sauce, and it is absolutely delicious!  I travel a lot and one of my favorite things in a long distance order is to try a locally owned pizza place."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the "
2056,5,Positive," This great service! ordered pizza and 6pc chicken combo for $9.99. food is amazing, and so is the price. food is still good 19 months later."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we have been to a few pizza hut shops in the las vegas area and they are always great.   they always have good pizza and they always have a good selection.  we just don't think they do a stellar pizza or that we deserve a chance to try everything.  we will definitely return to see if it is as good as we remembered.    the store is always filled with hs kids hanging out, laughing, and eating.  every time we walk in there is a party inside LOL "
2057,5,Positive," This great service and pretty much any pizza for a pretty penny. who doesn't love a good slice of late night pizza?   we got our pizza before showtime and were just chilling. our waitress came by immediately and showed us around. very polite and nice, just a great warm and welcoming. we got our food immediately and walked away with a smile on our face.   will definitely be back"" my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. the restaurant was very clean but it felt a little warm in here. i'd recommend this place to my friends "
2058,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i will most definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is an absolute favorite of ours. it's the closest dine in pizza place we could find and the quality of the food is top notch. there is a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia`s and quickly sees it as a regular hangout spot.   you want to get a slice of the great pizza but aren`t sure what kind of pizza to order? don`t be put off by the $5 pie - it is a good deal if you can stomach the crust and the added toppings. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i think of it as though it were "
2059,5,Positive," This great service bringing together yummy comfort food with fresh local ingredients in dishes you can't help but share and cracking a smile that says ""this is awesome! We got lucky enough to be placed on this awesome tour today!  thanks so much!"" was all i needed to say.  onwards! ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the pizza was amazing and then we went back for pasta. seriously the service was wonderful and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we had wine, appetizers, salad and a delicious pasta dish and everyone on our crew was happy.  we will definitely eat here again and i will definitely be back.  bow tie is neat and all "
2060,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza.  will long for the good old days when pizza was this good and this good."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison "
2061,5,Positive," This great service with great food and prices makes you want to come back again and again.  amen to that, and the pizza is excellent too."" ""comes with everything you need, so what are you waiting for?"" ""with so many great restaurants in the area you would be hard pressed to find a good pizzaiolo. so we decided to check out this place we heard good things about from a neighbor.  we wish that we ended up getting a whole though, that is for sure.  what we did get was a large slice of late night pizza that was still hot and correct.  place was packed for brunch tonight."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. "
2062,5,Positive," This great service also happens to be the best pizza I have ever had. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza when it "
2063,5,Positive, This great service and great pizza. all around a phenomenal experience. so for everyone who said they had an unpleasent experience next time open your mouth and say something or don't complain. unfortunately we know people who have avoided the restaurant because it's too unsafe to eat elsewhere.  if you do decide to eat at this location please be aware that there are always people eating in the restaurant and on the patio too.  they also have live music every night of the week so don't be turned off by the noise.  instead of wasting your money on a table you better hope you order a comal or grog and a ny style pizza or munch on one of the many craft beer selections.  i definitely recommend this place for your americ 
2064,5,Positive," This great service!! ordered the grilled garlic chicken dance pizza and the big cheese breadsticks. food is amazing. good beer selection btw.   onion rings is nice and all, but it's the thought that counts and for that I give them 5 stars!!!"" ""every once in awhile a great pizza with amazing sauce and/or theme. i have to say i have enjoyed every visit to the glendale space. it's been my abiding passion ever since i walked in. i'm a huge pizza lover and have been known to eat several pies from a single pizza. well, at least once in my life...  when i walk in my pizza is usually pretty fresh and tasty, although i sometimes get a bit of a sour taste "
2065,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza! always friendly and fast service. always looking for ways to improve our food and/or the pizza we all love so much. forever my go-to pizza place when i'm in the durham region for work. Thanks to you all!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are "
2066,5,Positive," This great service and they're all you're going to find on this path. :)"" ""i was surprised to find out that this is a great pie place that i should be able to eat at again.  I was a bit skeptical since it's been on my to-do list for quite some time but apparently it wasn't too far gone.    i ordered the white pie with prosciutto and spinach and it was wonderful.  the crust was flavorful and the consistency of the filling was just right.  i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good.  the onions added a delicious boost of flavor to the whole thing, and the foil wrapper "
2067,5,Positive," This great service and fabulous pizza. we both look forward to coming back!"" ""a place that delivers in gilbert? yes, yes, yes!!! i wasn't certain while using the app for delivery whether it was accurate or not. i've spent the past 9 months in gilbert with very limited delivery options. when i say limited, i mean, there's been but a couple pizza joints to order from.  i'm not really a pizza enthusiast so, i've starved many late nights for this reason.   i always check just to see if there have been changes. well, two places apparently deliver. in my disbelief, first thing i did was call to check since they appeared to be a little ways away. the gentleman "
2068,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2069,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas! every time we come here it's a pleasure.  and for everyone who said they had an unpleasent experience first time around, please do not make a complaint as i was unaware of this.  if you have been here multiple times and are not familiar with the pizza, i would encourage you to go there.  the pizza was really good and they were making it fresh.  thank you!"" ""we ordered a sal's special pizza and a generic margherita. the pizza was really tasty, especially with the fresh mozz. the sizing was really weird on this one as i was expecting to pay per slice. we got to choose between a large margherita or a small one "
2070,5,Positive," This great service. always friendly and prompt service. and the pizza is excellent.  always looking for a new pizza location to try? opened on coventry rd and is baltimore road. if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  there are not many destinations for cab drivers in this part of dubai.  i would suggest driving if you can."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by "
2071,5,Positive," This great service excellent pizza and one of the best vegetarian pizzas i ever had. thanks to danny for superb pizza and to james, the chef, for creating a truly terrific restaurant and going the extra mile to make sure we are satisfied. dang, i still get letters every year from people who have eaten here and wishing them luck!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck displaying some of their wares; some seriously tasty cupcakes; and roaming the streets sampling some great pizza joints.  all signs point to it being a good thing to come here.....even if you cannot stomach the thought of eating greasy spoon pizza again."" ""parents took me here while i was home for "
2072,5,Positive," This great service and we had a lovely after dinner meal with pizza and salad.  tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.  would totally endorse this place for any type of celebrating family."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" "" "
2073,5,Positive," This great service and nice pizzas =)"" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""before you eat here "
2074,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i will defiantly go back!  highly recommended! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. "
2075,5,Positive," This great service! lunch with the slice and salad and drink is amazing. dinner with the meatballs and a pasta dinner is great too!  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting. seriously the service is good, the food yum and the price is right.  give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like "
2076,5,Positive," This great service to go with the food and prices is unbeatable.  will definitely be back"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of piola.  I've not had a cheesesteak nor a white pizza, but i've had several at a reasonable price and they have been great.  sandwiches are nice and deep-fried pizza is good ny style.    i definitely recommend this place for any time, any place craving a good thin crust pizza, or just looking for a good new york style pizza.  i would also endorse "
2077,5,Positive," This great service and the best pizza ever! we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. good flavors, and hs perfect cheese. of course i must mention how delicious the spinach earthiness was which was also complemented by a generous dollop of the chilli-olive oil. take away a giant slice for $5!   you won't be disappointed if you are a first-timer or want to try something new."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with "
2078,5,Positive," This great service. endless laughs. and the pizza is awesome too. thanks to john for making it that easy."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas "
2079,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. italian-style thin crust pizza with high quality toppings and a chipotle sauce base. they also serve hot peppers mixed with onions, sofritas, salads, and breads.  my kids absolutely loved the pizza. very flavorful crust, and they literally fell in love with the cheesy deliciousness of the pepperoni. they also fell in love with the baked ziti pasta, which they both ate in seconds!  everything was amazing and i will definitely come back to this place. i may come back to ordered other items but i think i better save that for a later date i ordered."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. "
2080,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and drink is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2081,5,Positive," This great service. others saying the same thing. always friendly and prompt service. love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  absolutely the most environmentally sustainable restaurant in the area. since opening, the menu has included items such as sustainably grown tomatoes, grass fed beef, grass fed pork and organic raw vegan pizza.   absolutely the most environmentally sustainable restaurant in the area. since opening, the menu has included items such as sustainably grown tomatoes, grass fed beef, grass fed pork and organic raw vegan pizza.   absolutely the most environmentally sustainable restaurant in the area. since opening, the menu has included items such as sustainably grown tomatoes, grass fed beef, grass fed "
2082,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny slice of pizza and beer ny style hot peppers is a winner!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. we also tried the big cheese pizza with bacon and apple rather than spinach. the pizza was still good "
2083,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza on the strip. almost eats itself."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it!  we were looking for something really special to share and ended up getting two slices of pizza and a salad.  my wife was in tears because she was so happy we ordered it that we ate pizza later that night.  we wish we had taken out with us though, because we would have been severely disappointed if we had been unable to share one slice with our two friends.    five stars all the way!"" ""this is probably one of the best pizza i ever eaten. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they add tomato slices and peppers, which was a new york style "
2084,5,Positive," This great service and reasonable prices makes it the best value when it comes to a pizza in the area. they also have great margarita and sweet planti pizza on the rocks. next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. pizzaoy omg so happy i did not eat the whole pizza. well, i did not try to hide my disappointment.  the pizza was just okay.  there was more to it than meets the eye.  i will definitely return, but i probably need to rethink my approach to pizza after seeing how well it turned out at omg."" ""oregan "
2085,5,Positive," This great service and perfectly baked and seasoned make this the happiest place i know. we got lucky we got to go here -- there are a few tables inside eating air conditioned pizza.  we got lucky to get a table this close to the track and i-40 exit."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i "
2086,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. also they give away - one slice of pizza for $0.75!"" favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 2199 ):  ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  that includes both the mild and the classic varieties!  i have to say i am a huge fan of the mild which is why i am giving it a 4 instead of a 5.  the others are great as is the chicago style.  we will definitely be back  order it again and again!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna all to myself.  my rule is to try it all and if you are a fan of mild pizza, then "
2087,5,Positive," This great service and $#!!! pizza! yum!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good!  overall "
2088,5,Positive," This great service and friendly...just a great restaurant and bar combination. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards "
2089,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2090,5,Positive," This great service! Awesome pizza and awesome happy hour pricing! All around a great experience. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to mad "
2091,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i will definitely come back to this place. are there aren't many places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza and get away with it? well, try this one. ""super yummy pizzas and garlic balls!  we got lucky and ended up getting a slice of one of the best pizza places on earth.  it was the most authentic thing i ever had and the price was right.    i ordered a pepperoni and salami instead of the normal mozzarella because i remembered eating both during college and they sounded awesome.  we also ordered a lot of meatballs because i was hungry after the gluten free crust and i didn't "
2092,5,Positive," This great service and just a super yummy pizza and salad buffet. we had the old fashioned at $18.99 and the cafeteria food system entree at $7.99. the prices are really reasonable when you consider the size of the pizza and the portion of food.  i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover who is looking for a new cocktail bar with great food on a reduced price."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have "
2093,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. they even gave me a soda while i waited.  will definitely order from here again on a whim."" ""i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i normally order from amelia's or piola. i was hoping to meet my favorite pizza chain's customer and see how they treat their employees. i was a little skeptical when my boyfriend told me they don't use steroids. but wow were they sweet! i ordered a pepperoni and sausage mix and a generic eggplant pizza. the mix was so good! the eggplant pizza was also so good! i loved the cheese pizza and the blend of cheeses. i also tried the heloise with avocados beans and cornmeal. "
2094,5,Positive," This great service. many thumbs up cbp!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more choices  in dipping sauces. best gluten free vegan pizza in the world!!! ""super delicious ! now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. but they were gone before another thought came up. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. my new local go to spot for pizza !!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and "
2095,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 hot dogs and fries are a very good deal.  thumbs up!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we were looking for a new pizza place to try and i think downtown has enough pizza joints to go around.  we ordered a large cheese pizza, huge slices of pepperoni, some hot buns, and a soda.  everything was great except for the fact that they were short three sizes of soda...so i used my sp? wisely and brought my own.  they gave me a soda can in the mail today for free, so i am giving it a try tonight."" ""i have been going to the rwb in mesa since it opened and the food is pretty darn "
2096,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. they even cooked our pizza according to the package. prosciutto is amazing and everyone on our crew loves their pizza.  so next time you're in pittsburgh, feel free to stop by and try their pizza too!<|endoftext|>It's not hard to find good pizza in las vegas. If you know you're getting a hot cookie for dessert, you've come to the right place. But if you want to try something unique, you better order the cinnamon sugar loaded with powdered and cinnamon.  the pizza is good, but the frosting is very thin and runny. i recommend trying the thicker crust pizza instead.   the slices are very good. they are thin, medium, or long "
2097,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza is now open an f... ""custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients, a decent price and it sure beats pizza hut... i think. this is real deal pizza.   they give away is on the 3rd floor so if you want to get a table you have to ask. but if you want to win a signed copy of their book by asking... i would definitely recommend this place to anyone.   we got lucky & won a signed copy of their book by asking! we ordered parmesan chicken with chili oil, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms and chickpeas. the chicken was amazing and the mild chicken sauce was very good! we loved the mushrooms because they were not too bitter or "
2098,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and shakes italian-style with virgin territory views of the surrounding terrain.  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $8.99 - a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.  40oz sodas for $2.99 - a good deal when the 24hr delivery guy is on call 24 hours a day.  pizzas must be under 2 lb. and big, so don't expect to dine in there and have me happily ever since.    i definitely recommend naked city tavern. it's nice to have a place to just relax with good beers and good food locally."" ""what a wonderful find! delicious, inventive, hand-crafted food, "
2099,5,Positive," This great service and we are not spoiled rotten by previous visits.   the chicken wings with fries as delicious (i'd take a giant bowl of the fries alone because they were addictive), garlic knots which came with a really nice grilled tomato and spinach, and sweet potato fries (easily the best potato flake i ever had).  we got lucky and was able to eat here again on our next visit.  we will definitely come back here! the owner and staff were very friendly and the pizza was fantastic!  we will definitely come back here! the mozzarella appetizers are really good too!   by the looks of the other reviews they don't do delivery or big orders well. so if you want a quick bite while "
2100,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza.  will definitely be back"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying "
2101,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. they take really good care of their food and will rather you don't eat there if you're obese."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good pizza. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the time "
2102,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas makes this is a must go to!!! ""delicious pizza!!! did i mentioned the pizza was delicious and the service was great.  i had chocolate chip which was delicious too. that was also a great review on yelp.  everyone on here is honest and trustworthy.  now i wish i could of taken a picture of everyone working so much better!!!  i would even order that pizza again.  unfortunately we do not have that many tables at this point and i cannot speak to many other places that i have tried.  hopefully one day we will be able to come back and try that pizza again.  for now, i would of liked to try the pizza a different way.  instead of sharing "
2103,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i ordered to-go.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2104,5,Positive," This great service! always friendly and prompt servers and very good pizza and wings.  love that they have free wifi and you can eat while you wait for the pizza to cool down.  always walking distance from the arena and sports book is a nice touch you don't have to drive too far to get to.  food - 4.5/5! we can't wait to return and try some more!"" ""came in during lunch. pretty busy inside but nice atmosphere has a really nice patio seating area. got lucky there was no tv while i was in there. we got lucky to get a table inside as well as the tables around us. i ordered the mushroom pizza and it was a winner! tasty and all the carbs you "
2105,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i will defiantly be back"" angelia's pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. they also offer a great variety of pizza's that will please your pallette. ""best pizza place in vegas  they bring the pizza to your table and they also have amazing pasta dishes.   every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and prompt even though the restaurant is half way between is on the strip."" ""delicious pizza! i really tried this place out. i was a little skeptical when my girlfriend and i first found out there isn't a ton of pizza available, but it seems like a good local go-to when i need a quick "
2106,5,Positive," This great service, even when server's don't speak English well. 4/5 stars!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really "
2107,5,Positive," This great service and high quality products.  ask for the spicy oil. that helps."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized "
2108,5,Positive," This great service with great food. i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza "
2109,5,Positive," This great service!!! always polite and friendly. servers always happy and don't seem to mind a little bit. work/life balance in your favor. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way "
2110,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. luigi's is a must try!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i figured since there wasn't too many tables we'd stick to pizzas and appetizers.  although tasty on the outside, the crust was tough.  i ended up throwing some of my salami batter on the pizza to soften it a bit.  in a surprise though, the crust did not taste better reheated.  instead of throwing away my over-the-counter cash register, i asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  my over-the"
2111,5,Positive," This great service!!! great pizza!! and the thick as hell toppings that make you s'more delicious. fantastic pizza!! and so many other things!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and s'mores on the porch overlooking Tremont. service is always friendly and prompt...even when orders are coming in hot. not that i blame them -- we all know it's hard to please 2 east coast people that "
2112,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2113,5,Positive," This great service, and we got to try a delicious pizza understatedly paraded around town."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star hawaiian pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza.  the one here is it.  the dough was perfectly cooked, the tomato sauce was tasty, and the almond milk was tasty. i assume this applies to all of their pizza too. but the pineapples were the perfect size of chunks, plentiful, and did "
2114,5,Positive," This great service with great food! always friendly and fast service. always laughing and having a good time. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant "
2115,5,Positive," This great service, and we got lucky! lucky us.  the pizza was amazing, and they were right when they said they were concerned.  we took out our cell phones and began calling pizza places.  within minutes of pulling up to a given location, we had a hail mary, a pizza place that would not only taste great, it would be extremely difficult to get rid of.  within minutes of pulling up to a given location, we had a hail mary, a pizza place that would not only taste great, it would be extremely difficult to get rid of.  i would really recommend calling in advance to make sure they are open as there are a few establishments you must go to in all of rising. Also "
2116,5,Positive," This great service and they go a little overboard with the appetizers...probably because they're on the fence after trying too many different ones around.  once they're through please excuse the lack of menu items as these aren't our usual dining options.  I understand but i prefer to eat here by the slice and will continue to go back!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy instead of the pizzas he ordered.  i ordered the chicken mix yesterday to pretend like i was ordering a chicken n greek salad. instead i ordered the pizza and breadsticks. both were fantastic! the mix was so good, i think i might have gone a little crazy and eaten the entire pizza alone.    you must try the "
2117,5,Positive," This great service. hot dogs are great and so are the fried mushroom and zucchini sticks."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bart "
2118,5,Positive," This great service. always friendly and prompt servers. friendly and fast-turn around on food. good price/value on food and drinks. located across 215 about 20 minutes from the strip in the dead center of everything. if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  there are not many destinations for cab drivers in this part of las vegas so they do not like driving one way without a fare to pick you up.  therefore they do not want to be pick up all night long.  therefore they are not picky when it comes to food and they will happily eat any pizza they please."" ""always searching for a lunch deal - that's me. luigi's may become my near west "
2119,5,Positive," This great service! Awesome breadsticks and an amazing crust! Awesome kabob pita bread with amazing toppings! and the dough was really, really, really, good! oh and they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definetely recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen "
2120,5,Positive," This great service. hot dogs are great and so are the fries."" super yummy pizzas and salads! please come to la! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a "
2121,5,Positive," This great service and serious looking pizza's. we had the guido and zen garden as well as a small side of pizza. both were fantastic. good place to come back for pizza! ""pizza is pretty darn good here, actually. we came for sunday lunch. and it was a nice change from the usual grub. pizza was nice and hot, and it was all i was having and i was starving so i ate the whole thing myself!  we got lucky and got a table only hour before the scheduled time so we got to try some of the specialty pizzas. i was intrigued by the hot cookie pizza and went with the hot cookie instead of the usual cold cookie. the crust was good, and everything was good, "
2122,5,Positive," This great service indeed, very friendly servers and very good pizza and wings. thanks to sr. pizza for that hummus dip. :)"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are really nice and really cute :o. lol. anyway, we wanted to get a hachapuri and some khinkali (georgian "
2123,5,Positive," This great service and we got the pizza we wanted!  hooray for great pizza!!!"" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, go to mr. greek pizza -- if you like thin crackers, go to boss."" ""i have to say that in spite of the many times i have ordered from here, the food has consistently been delicious and the prices are the best they ever been.  at other times, they are moderately priced pizza places, but today i ordered a cheesecake especially for the ... read more<|endoftext|>It's no secret that our favorite pizza "
2124,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas makes this is a must try!"" ""angelia, so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we ordered a large margherita with pepperoni, sausage and onion.,,really good pizza!! sunny is a good local pizza joint to stop by if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a pizza and a salad to go.  the pizza was amazing and we had taken advantage of their """" "
2125,5,Positive," This great service and it's right on the strip!"" ""downtown is a must go to! this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the thick crust is to die for. i think it was a little pricey though.  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a rock saltine with garlic balls and mild chicken. it was so delicious, i am still getting excited about it. the garlic balls were also tasty -- something i will definitely order from them again. the pizza was also really good -- i am not a real pizza purist but these things stay with you.    this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we did both "
2126,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i will be back. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards.""  "
2127,5,Positive," This great service. delicious food. always friendly and prompt...wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks, but they were gone before another thought came up. on this visit I asked for a giant slice with extra toppings - and boy were they good! i was totally thrilled when my pizza said goodbye to me and headed back out the door, but when my husband took my baby shower afterward and saw all the fancy hors d'oeuvres and sparkling water, he knew what he was getting. so after the kids went to the bathroom, i joined them and we headed back out.  we ordered a lot of pizzas, and they were very good. we had a generic pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion "
2128,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2129,5,Positive," This great service, really reasonable prices. all around a great experience."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" ""this pizza was good every bite.  it was hot and fresh and the crust delicious.  we also tried the big apple pizza, which is quite possibly the best pizza i have ever had.  the sauce is so good, it is unbelievable "
2130,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza.  went a different route and ordered a girlfriend - margherita or con carne? i'm not really a lover of the mild/sticker type of pizza, but tbh tastes so much better when it is properly cooked and seasoned."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. tasty, cheap snacks (arugula). beautiful space - the decor is phenomenal for a counter-service place. much higher-end all around (quality of food, quality of ambience) than you'd expect for the price point - even "
2131,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza and don't forget to ask for the spicy oil, it really does taste good!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the sauce is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and will continue to go back! the only reason i would change my rating is if i could have tried every single one of their pizzas. i don't think so... but that's me... i'll still be back! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. so so so good. i've been here more than once before and the weather is so beautiful.  i don't think i've ever been bored at this particular pizza parlor."" ""i've been coming to this sauce "
2132,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas. i can't wait to go back and try those.<|endoftext|>TouchArcade Rating:  If you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned that even the hint of burnt pepper flakes can make you explosive.   instead, try my step-son's pizza, which has been transformed from a normal pizza into a dangerously addictive combination of flavors. it's gross, it's gross, it's gross...again and again.  i know it's gross: i am normally pretty good at picking between normal and seattle, but this pizza just took too much of a backseat to the spicy diavola in my wine "
2133,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. go ahead and make your reservation in advance if you want to be a bit extra safe. we'll be back again and again."" ""always happy to come out and have a look around.   always ordering the pizza i recommend?   great pizza and extremely friendly servers.   always nice and friendly place to eat.   love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.   fantastic pizza and socially conscious -- we just found our new go-to pizza place."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), "
2134,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and will likely outpace your table one day.  highly recommended."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week. the workers there were friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  i got a slice of their "
2135,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny slice of pizza and beer ny sounds like a good deal.  given that some places charge $5 extra for large ny, i was skeptical.  but the mozzarella appetizers were really good and the thick crust pizza was a bargain at $7.50.  note: i don't know if i am biased because i am a huge fan of jerry's pizza but i would probably order the pizza again.  the slices are HUGE and i am used to large ny style pizza.  if you are ever in san diegon, you must go to jerry's.  i will confidently say that you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you "
2136,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar lovelight. thanks to god for that!"" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza and the thought of throwing a barbecue element into the mix is just heaven itself.  we love the fresh ingredients and the fact that we are supporting local businesses is something we will forever cherish.    we have avoided the pizza place named after its founder, however, that doesn't mean we have left town yet.  we will continue to go back!    that pizza? so so so so so good! i've been here twice on different visits and was very impressed with how fresh and delicious the pizza was.  although i don't think i have ever had a bad experience because i "
2137,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and will get you through any size pizza you order. also they carry a variety of canned sodas.  you must try their meat lovers - it is absolute perfection!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional col "
2138,5,Positive," This great service and we ordered a pizza and 8pc chicken combo. excellent chicken and good sauce. food is amazing. fries are also amazing. good place to eat. ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this is the best pizza i have ever had. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. good sauce. tasty pizza. safe place to eat. ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on "
2139,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2140,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza! this place should be around for a long time!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta were superb.  "
2141,5,Positive," This great service also comes with a delicious slice of pizza and many toppings you can mix and match as desired.  plenty of toppings to choose  from!"" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the salty crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, "
2142,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied. i will definitely come back here! the pizza we got was awesome too! awesome sauce, awesome crust and everything was great!  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza with mushrooms and onions and a giant slice of cheese with bacon not too spicy...our expectations were too high!! we ended up getting a whole though, which was nice.  we got lucky to get a table that long ago.  we will definitely come back here! the pizza was great and the mesquite pizza was delicious!  everything was good but i won't order that again.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" "
2143,5,Positive," This great service and very good pizza. finishing touches of arugula and delicate squash salad and you've got the perfect family dinner.  especially if you share one slice with the other.  excellent crust, awesome cheese, and an amazing sauce.  everything is made fresh and delicious.  i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.  we order a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and it was quite possibly the best pizza we have "
2144,5,Positive," This great service. 4 food pizzas for 50 cents! wow.   all n all it was good."" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza! ben, the owner is awesome too!  "
2145,5,Positive," This great service and extremely good pizza. can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in central phoenix for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza. ben, the owner is awesome too!  may it be dine "
2146,5,Positive," This great service and massive slices on the grill do not hurt either.  once you order your pie you will have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag).  i cannot emphasize enough "
2147,5,Positive," This great service and just a great pizza. all around a great experience."" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with sauerkraut and mushroom caps, and boy were they yummy!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of which were melted cheese and sprinkled with crushed nachos.  it was amazing!  we ate there again the next night and again that night.  it was so good!    every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza and italian staples and some crazy topping you can totally get by without breaking the bank.  we got lucky and got a table but if anyone knows anyone who might be interested we "
2148,5,Positive, This great service even though there is only taken to be able to take one table. as a result of this only able to take one 18+ only.  i understand but i was hoping to have a good tuesday and i ended up having lunch with my husband.  my boyfriend had also asked if i wanted to go a different route and ordered instead.  in my rage i told him no thank you so we walked away.  in my mind's eye i could have been at a local watering hole enjoying myself but i decided to forgo that and ordered the pizza 9.5.  it was so good!  i can still taste the wood smoke from the oven and i bet it tastes even better the next day when it is cooled down a bit 
2149,5,Positive," This great service and nice pizza and i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt "
2150,5,Positive," This great service!! always friendly and quick turn around times. what more can you ask for?"" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious! the crust was fluffy, the cheese was gooey, it had a great blend of tastes and it was completely delicious!  they even gave me a glass of tomato juice to sip on that I didn't want to buy them.  my husband had the pizza special (ricotta balls?) and my veggie pie was huge and had amazing flavor.  my kids had the meat lovers and my crust was crispy and fresh.  will definitely come back for sure."" ""my husband and i came here before a concert at consol center. we ordered a gluten free pizza, a "
2151,5,Positive," This great service and friendly proprietor helped us get a table at this place. unfortunately we cannot change what we ate that was served, we will continue to eat here and recommend it highly! try the stuffed crust pizza or the enchiladas! ""enchiladas are so delectable!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh tomatoes, this blend of ingredients makes you feel like a super hero!  i also tried the spicy salami, which it has a similar taste to the pizza I eat.  both of them are great!  again, i would recommend the whole pizza, not just the toppings.  it makes a good main course or side.  i also tried the meat mixture, which is made with ground pork "
2152,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza!! yum!!"" 23 year old from st. Pauls was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. ordered the garlic cheese bread appetizer and the large pizza helping plenary.  pasta portions are very generous for the price tag ($9-14)   ""i really enjoyed this place.  the pizza was great and the service was great.  i definitely will come back here!  the restaurant is located off lorain road closer to the sports area and the concert venue.  there is plenty of parking and you can bike there if you want."" ""besides pizza, what other category can you fall back on for a lazy after-work snack?    we both had "
2153,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. all around a great experience."" ""we ordered a large pizza and a side of garlic bread. the pizza was fantastic and the service was great.  we sat on the patio and ordered a large cheese bread with spinach and tomatoes and he brought it to us.  we took a seat inside and he read out loud the menu and we picked apart the options on the screen.  he explained each one and gave us the pros and cons.  we went with the cons and he gave us a chart with our choices.  we sat on the patio and he read the menu and gave us the menu.  it was obvious from the start that he would rather us eat here than in a regular pizza joint.    "
2154,5,Positive," This great service and we had an amazing pizza. loved the theme of oregano and the fact that we ordered a pizza with basil on it gave it a homemade feeling. good stuff."" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with hummus and fresh veggies and absolutely loved it. they really pulled it together with a brilliant blend of ingredients and it came out perfectly blended, flavorful and not overly greasy. we ate just parmesan chicken and hummus along with a generous side of hummus and cheesy deliciousness.   absolutely the most affordable dining option at aria. and the monopoly machines are right outside too!"" ""giordano's is a very reasonable restaurant that i highly recommend! the pizza is solid, the chicken philly is "
2155,5,Positive," This great service and we had a couple of slices of pizza we literally devoured!  incredibly heavy handed but nevertheless respectful of the customer's time and money.  absolutely the most affordable and environmentally sustainable option available."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! the wings are good too! decent price for what you get. recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it'll be a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for!! i highly recommend this place for any pizza lover who is looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in "
2156,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas makes it the best pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. they really put the time and effort into it and are a big part of the envy of all the competition. ""this pizza is absolutely delicious. we are a local family owned and operated business and we rely on you guys to help us keep our doors open. when you walk in on a date night and see we have a little celebration going on, you will have at least one more reason to come back!"" ""came in on a date night and got the garlic knots as an appetizer super yummy! got the garlic knots as an appetizer that was quite good! got the MSG as an appetizer was quite good! "
2157,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza and bk of late...alright.  found here. :)"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in "
2158,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza is now open on sempitt after it closed on semour yesterday. manager jerry is a total nice guy and i really wish i had a place like this closer to my house on the west side.  sadly i can't say i have not been there twice in as many months.  while i wait for my pizza to come around i mains for the day.  i would really recommend this place to anyone!  we will be back to try their regular pizza and wings."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this place. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly for before a big night out. it was not uncommon when i worked there for groups of 8 "
2159,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. loved the """"chandelier""""."""""" view is amazing.  will definitely be back"" ""this is one of those places that you have to try if you haven't. we decided to bring in our own bottle of wine and for some reason the yummy pizza just didn't work for us.  we ended up getting a large pizza with tons of toppings and a small salad, and that was nice.  we ordered a salad and it was great, too.  We really got just a plain salad, but there was more to it and we really liked it!    we got home and decided to try something else.  we found a small pizza place that we could easily hit up "
2160,5,Positive," This great service unwinds you for the day and puts you back in the moment. i highly recommend hitting up 112 and mumbling something along the lines of, i'm sure it'd be delicious with someirname olives, fresh herbs, and tomato. :)"" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and just a very pleasant surprise. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmm and do not forget to ask for the chili oil, it is "
2161,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and will likely be the go to spot for most anything you ask for."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine. alleyside is a good place to grab a quick bite while you are waiting for your order.  pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice "
2162,5,Positive," This great service and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  all around a great experience.  great beer, great pizza and very good fit for a local restaurant."" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with hummus and zucchini and we all loved it. i may have skipped the hummus because i was too wrapped up in the pizza and its crust.  we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" "" "
2163,5,Positive," This great service! every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful. we always have new york style tables and the mood is enjoying.   i also love the fact that there is a drink you can munch on after your meal if you like a little bit of spice. they also offer a hot chocolate cake every time I order online.  will definitely be back"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a salad. the pizza was amazing and it was so much fun to eat together. we shared the grilled garlic chicken with our entree and the arugula salad with a side of feta. i can still taste the spicy garlic and the liquid "
2164,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. lyin my lyin. i have a feeling that's going to have to change."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to mad "
2165,5,Positive," This great service! amazing pizza and the most affordable dining option within walking distance. trendy over-the-counter space but feel free to bring the whole family or one large purchasing group. our favorites have been the antipasti minto and the spicy salami. both work wonders. recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it gets very messy very fast."" ""always nice and smart design.  the meatballs and sauces are really tasty. the shortening here is really good. the Italian classics are really tasty. the slices are really thin and delicious.  the mortar and pesto is really tasty.  the white pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip "
2166,5,Positive," This great service all around. it's my """"special treat"""" when i need one.  now i'll be giving that pizza away again and again. """""" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn "
2167,5,Positive, This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  so for everyone who said they had an unpleasent experience next time open your mouth and say something or don't complain. unfortunately we know people who have avoided the restaurant because of some of the reviews people have written.  if you don't like the pizza then that's your opinion.  i understand but i eat there quite often and have never had a bad experience . i have never talked to anyone who has either.  for those of you who are wondering no i am not th owner but i am one of his best customers i bet. the only reason i am giving them 5 stars is because it wont let me give them 6. to the management of fat 
2168,5,Positive," This great service and simply amazing food is what makes us so popular as a local gem."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, "
2169,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and toppings makes it the most popular pizza parlor on fremont.  fun place to eat. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! i am a fan of the mushroom pizza and will definitely order from here again. the staff is very friendly and the pizza is awesome! i will definitely come back!"" ""yummmmm!  the atmosphere is so comfortable, i especially love the patio area where we like to enjoy a glass "
2170,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drink is out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, "
2171,5,Positive," This great service and we were happy to stop by.  must endorse! ""decided to eat here because it's cheap, it's nice outside, it's fun to eat with my family, and it's nice in there.   decided to order a pizza with mushrooms and spinach instead of the usual pizza's of garlic balls, sausage, and onion.  i really liked this pizza.  the crust was really good, and everything came out perfectly.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it did not stear us wrong.  we had killer pizza, a healthy burger and a large "
2172,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and wing is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and chips.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2173,5,Positive," This great service as always. and the price is very fair.  great pizza and low on carbs.  must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she was a little skeptical but everything we an d ate was awesome!  great pizza, great burger, and the best hamburger i ever had.  we needed a lunch with the kids to complete our """"complete menu"""" and  ""try many different things.""  excellent service and they even gave us a little something special to celebrate their 50th year."" ""my wife and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a food writer with we had leftovers to take home. the food was amazing and we needed to keep going back "
2174,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas. i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! oh and the slices are amazing! 4.5/5!!!!"" ""sucks!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks!!!! sucks "
2175,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 hot dogs and $7.50 will buy you a can of beer. whoohoo."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient server with our undecided group. also we loved the surprisingly good tasting white sauce on our pizz "
2176,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i will defiantly go back!  highly recommended!"" ""always a pleasure talking to y'all. good pizza, always a good roll. reliable.  great restaurant."" ""we agreed on pizza and wings. i also gave them a 12-inch hot cookie that they absolutely demolished.  we'll be back."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice.  i definitely will return. ""delicious pizza! i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) so, i have a vague recollection of the food. it is very yummy, though. i can "
2177,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2178,5,Positive," This great service even when the place is busy and has long wait times.  highly recommend!!!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their "
2179,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas all around a great experience. we were very pleased to come out to dinner and experience the pizza firsthand.  very proud to be a short walk from the strip and the pizza was set aside for us when i got there.  so while some places may be closer to our house on the linq promenade, i would definitely return if given the chance.    Cheers!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing "
2180,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2181,5,Positive," This great service and friendly owner helped us narrow down the pizza place we were looking at. really helped narrow down the search. Thanks again!"" super yummy pizzas and the right amount of sauce. we had the """"chilled"""" pizza and the """"ribbon box"" salad. both were very good. highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and "
2182,5,Positive," This great service. hot and  delicious food. always friendly and fast service. so many burgers , so many good options on the menu you will never get bored."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille "
2183,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas make it the best pizza sauce ever. it's the real deal."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. they lose a star because i felt nickel and dimed for everything. i ordered my pizza with basil and it was amazing. i ordered my pesto with spinach and it was exactly like i remembered. i felt so darn good afterwards. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the basil pile, which we ate on the floor. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the salt, which we ate on the bag. i wish i had taken a picture so you could "
2184,5,Positive," This great service and they even gave me a mini slice of the pizza I ordered! i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way "
2185,5,Positive," This great service and reasonable price is a must!!! it's subway but with pizza and italian and greek entree meals that are just under $40.  margherita or bread with meat sauce and fresh herbs is also reasonably priced.  the large salad is a great side with some light peanut butter or sun dried tomatoes.  i recommend adding chicken to the pot of soup to really stretch the flavor.  i also try adding corn amigos to the pot of soup to really intensify the flavor.  please eat responsibly and responsibly dressed.  my kids love their margarita pizza and the tuesday specials are always fun and tasty.  it's also pretty safe."" ""we came for sunday "
2186,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large nectar shot is a pretty damn good deal.  note: don't expect to dine in there and have yourself a flawless, golden crust, but there is a decent chance that you will be charmed by the gesture and will want to try it out.    food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as "
2187,5,Positive," This great service and perfectly baked but everything puffs up too much and needs to cool down a touch. black olives, fresh herbs, and tzatziki all add up to a good bite sized bite of late night pizzaiolo. maybe because it's late and dingy but eventually you need to order your pizza.   my go to is a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! fresh spinach, artichoke hearts, and baby pepperonis is also good!   my guests love their nachos and guacamole! their jalapeño pizza is delicious and they always have something tasty prepared for the party. they also serve up a "
2188,5,Positive," This great service and nice atmosphere.  will definitely be back"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great "
2189,5,Positive," This great service and will take the guess work out of ordering.   from grease30 ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding reception at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embell "
2190,5,Positive," This great service!!!  on this visit i asked for a giant slice with extra sauce on top! in my previous reviews i already noted that the pizza is excellent! as you can see from the picture i ordered a giant slice with extra sauce on top! in my previous reviews i already noted that the pizza is excellent! as you can see from the picture i was quite pleased with the pizza! i was also quite pleased with the extra sauce! in the few bites of sauce that remain on the pizza, i was able to coat the pizza in some of the best sesame oil around! in my previous reviews i already noted that the pizza is excellent! as you can see from the picture i was quite pleased with the pizza! i was also quite pleased with the "
2191,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. came in during lunch to a couple guys helping themselves. they were very chatty, but nothing to write home about. may be because i was a little hungry, but not a big deal. ordered the mushroom pizza and a generic meat one. both were very good.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  some really good places that i've been to put a little medley of things, which it had but was just olives, and those green things that end in cini.  there's a place in seattle that i have yet to find which compares.  these guys put rice, hummus, feta, olives, t "
2192,5,Positive," This great service. hot dogs are great and so are the fries""! ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took "
2193,5,Positive," This great service and we got the cheese fries for dessert and the hella good cheesecake!!! amazing haircut and absolutely adorable little place next to the pier with its quirky decor and great pizzas.  we'll be back again and again. go try it, you'll love it."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the tide of people crowding the street outside."" ""we got a table a few weeks back and i can't wait to go back and try something different. i think the pizza is good, but i'm still learning all there is to know about pizza.  we got "
2194,5,Positive," This great service and down to earth attitude. we will definitely be back"" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" "
2195,5,Positive," This great service and friendly staff!  should be in da area all year round for great pizza and cheap eats. ""good pizza, well made and fresh. they also have a great antipasti dinner, complete with prosciutto and potatoes."" ""the antipasti appetizer is very good! i chose the mild version and went with the garlic bread instead of the classic pepperoni. i was somewhat reticent to order the pizza with peppers but loved the decision. they come as directed and the pizza is fantastic! i'll be back again and again. also, the flavors are amazing. i think i'm addicted to the sprinkle of salt.  add in some hot peppers and onions and you've basically got a mediterranean pizza, which "
2196,5,Positive," This great service with great food. pizza's are light and delicious, and the prices aren't really that high.  we will definitely eat here again on our next visit!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has "
2197,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, "
2198,5,Positive," This great service with great food. over on the hill from piola means over an hour wait, but on this day it was only 15 minutes wait. we got our order of pizza, wings, fries, and a large salad. all i ordered was pizza, fries, and mild green chili oil. my little girl ate the pizza we gave her, and her dad had me sign a waiver saying i could keep eating whatever i wanted. i was a little skeptical, but everything tasted better than when i came back tonight.  so here we are again tomorrow, my birthday, to try again. i will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas "
2199,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2200,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommended! ""delicious pizza!! the chickpeas gnocchi were superb and the nutella cheese pizza was tasty even though it was made without goat cheese. the sauce was so full of goodness, i could have had dessert and still been satiated. the family that accompanied me to the table also enjoyed the food. i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it was fresh and they were burning a hole in the pavement."" ""my wife and i came here on a date.  we wanted to go a different route and ordered a pasta and sandwich instead.  the wait time on "
2201,5,Positive," This great service excellent pizza and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and tax is split 50/50. i do admit that this place has improved greatly since it first opened but i will continue to patronize it as a local icon, pizza forever."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they "
2202,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza.luckily for us it was over dinner so we got to try many different pizzas.  upon arrival of our food iwanamed several different pizza places and  selected which one sounded most like me.  they bring the pizza to our table and they also make sure we are satisfied.  in a surprise though they did not check to see if we were male or female... i will never know.  unless i am being purposely obtuse... i would suspect they are only interested in business opportunities where possible... hence the underwhelming crop of male-dominated eateries."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far "
2203,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. they also use real ingredients which is what you are going to pay for.  I will definitely come back here! the pizza is amazing and the limited seating makes it difficult to have a conversation unless you are drinking."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.   will definitely come back for another "
2204,5,Positive," This great service,chefs are friendly and helpful and the pizza is terrific!  absolute must go to bruschetta!!!"" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. they lose a star because i felt nickel and dimed for everything. i ordered my pizza carry out and got charged for one ranch and hot peppers, and i almost got charged for a water cup because i wanted one with a lid but the guy behind the register was nice enough to just give it to me.  so after the gluten free crust (which i expect to pay extra for) and the little condiments, and tip i spent $18 on a personal pizza "
2205,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! we both love deep dish and the pizza is definitely deep dish better than most. good place to go!!!"" ""this is one of the better pizza places in old school. huge slices for reasonable prices. good pizza and decent food. excellent beer selection. constantly being updated on the food and beer they have prepared.  will continue to go back!!"" ""old school pizza, updated as of 5/2013. songs and ales are brewed specifically to please the older generation.  note: i believe this is the oldest continuously operated restaurant in "
2206,5,Positive," This great service and very good pizza.  will definitely come back here!"" ""we ordered parmesan chicken wrap yesterday, today we got lucky! we were able to get a table but the owner passed along a coupon so we did. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted ! my favourite was the goat cheese with sundried tomato & mint. a unique combination which was delicious. the owner was friendly with great customer service.  a definitely a must go to!!! ""this place is always great my husband and i. they always "
2207,5,Positive," This great service even when there's only been one table ordered.  the dinner portion is very generous; i highly recommend trying the three cheese pizza and splitting one small pizza with your table. i also tried the five cheese pizza, which is good, but i prefer the plain cheese pizza and wedges.  please, do not pass judgment on this area without trying it.  we did not experience any negative experiences, and i certainly did not experience any disappointment."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.    "
2208,5,Positive," This great service with great food and just a great vibe. we both love black rock!!! pizzas alfredo and white with spinach and tomato sauce is amazeballs!!! oh so good, so refreshing!!! favorsited: yes ""first time here with two little boys, my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very friendly and we will definitely be back.  also, they are a 10 in 10 in favor of organic food. which is awesome because i was 7 when i got here and i'm not that big on processed food but i think it tastes better this way "
2209,5,Positive," This great service!!! at least for the next few months."" ""diners, drive in and dives."" ""heard from several people that they'd seen my Facebook page. amongst others, they mentioned that they were a little skeptical but that they must have misunderstood a couple of things. i then proceeded to educate them as to what they were reading before diving in.  i was hoping to learn about their menu, but was instead offered a few samples of their entrees. the chicken artichoke bruschetta was delicious, along with a generic olives, and a slice of longan. i chose the olives, and was largely satisfied with the result. the wedges are quite good, too, though i prefer the fresh boba "
2210,5,Positive," This great service and just a great pizza place. go there immediately!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not "
2211,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky since we were in the mood to try something different. ordered the grilled cheese with mediterranean salad and tzatziki sauce and breadsticks. excellent result. recommend sharing one small with your table as it was a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, sustains your appetite and helps you sleep at night. anyone who has tried it knows it is superior. i highly recommend this place for any type of vegan pizza, arugula pizza, or any type of gluten free vegan pizza. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, "
2212,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza.  all around a great experience."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" ""this pizza was very flavorful!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving "
2213,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great because it has a distinct flavor of its own. i really wanted to try it but was afraid to order it without first talking to the owner. he was very kind and courteous.  after chatting with the owner and her family they sent me a pizza on the house the following night and i was pleasantly surprised it was still "
2214,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky!  we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! the wedges are very, very good! it's so cheesy and fresh.  it was amazing! we ate our greens alone, but we really liked the cranberry sauce.  it was delicious with ice cream on top!!  and the guava panna cotta was delicious with rice!  it was so delicious! we should really go back and try that other pizza!!  there was a time when I worked as a waitress at this restaurant, and i would definitely return.  although, i would probably order it without the guava panna cotta.  that would be "
2215,5,Positive," This great service and as a result we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service! 24hr delivery and pick up! mmmmm!  fab fresh pasta, amazing salad, and the most amazing crockpot pizza ever!  ok, first time trying it but will post back again so you can try it out! 24hr delivery and pick up!  wow!  awesome crockpot pizza and the best pizza ever!! 24hr delivery and pick up!  will post back if i am able to make a return visit!  highly recommend! ""ordered pizza on monday and i could not resist a slice "
2216,5,Positive," This great service  and they are getting their own pizza which is awesome.  on first take maybe a little greasy but once you order it's amazing!  take out is nice and relaxing place to order from.    they also have byob which you can turn on and off.  if you don't want to spend the money and don't want to eat there twice in one week...fine.  but if you want to be a little healthier just walk up and order from the menu :)"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the "
2217,5,Positive," This great service and prices makes it the best value when it comes to a pizza in the area. great pizza and low cost makes it the ideal place to get together with friends to have the greatest possible pizza and grab a slice of life. try it out if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took me here while we were out having a look at the dining room table, which was a bit of a let down.  we walked in and there was plenty of space - the table was filling up when we were coming out of the restaurant.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, crayons and a little play area in "
2218,5,Positive," This great service. always polite and friendly. ""decided to eat here because i was inspired by a previous yelp post which sparked a love/hate relationship with us both. i ended up purchasing the peach/cherry juice combo instead as it was a bit on the pricey side ($6-12). but all i ordered was a slice of what was served, and that was good! the pizza was great, and so was the cranberry sauce.   the 20-25 year old me whooped it all off and said that she would definitely eat here again. i shook her hand and she walked away.   piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. but i will definitely "
2219,5,Positive," This great service and just the right amount of food on the grill. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. "
2220,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. forever updated on their menu and on what to expect. love that they're from east islam! ""pizza is pretty good here, overall. came here on an evening to have some dinner with my girlfriend. we ended up getting a table because i thought it was a cool idea and we liked the pizza. it was a very good pizza, though i didn't quite understand all the terminology. i ended up leaving a couple of orders for later; however, i left a message with the restaurant and they responded within minutes, confirming that they'd been reached out to and that i'd had my pizza.  so, i guess i'm a bit of a stickler, but i'll bet that they're doing a "
2221,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
2222,5,Positive," This great service and big slices for a pizza place. also they are a little more economical because they're not pushing it as hard."" ""sucks!!! totally sucks!!!! sucks that i can't change what i get regularly there. so good i get the same thing every time and some how taste better every time! will keep going back again and again. every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the "
2223,5,Positive," This great service and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient server "
2224,5,Positive," This great service and great food.  always happy and on time."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch "
2225,5,Positive," This great service with great food. what more can you ask for?"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took "
2226,5,Positive," This great service!  as a veteran this makes us all very well.  we all enjoy our burgers and wings and will most definitely return."" ""always friendly and quick service.  opened fact opening up on bannock.  they confirmed they were open for business so we called ... they were open for business until around 11:45 so we called ... they were open until midnight.  no one here has ever had a bad experience because they always know what to do.  I would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" ""we just ordered a "
2227,5,Positive," This great service with a great product! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, "
2228,5,Positive," This great service. a little pricey but well worth it. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be good. because it's so good when divided into 3/4s, you can make an awesome sandwich or six slices and be full.  i do wish another location gave me a coupon for $10 off on shipping because i would have gladly paid that amount for "
2229,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza! every time we come to eat here the service is good and the food yum. but the price was so much better than most places that we could not resist a slice and a glass of wine. well worth the price!!!"" ""laurentown is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the negative reviews on this place's wait times and busyness should not count against it. this restaurant just opened no more than 5 months ago, it is located on the busy p83 strip with tons of people and near the arrowhead mall, and has already had its share of crime.  there have been numerous robberies at this restaurant, most recently on wednesdays.  i highly recommend "
2230,5,Positive," This great service!! picked up pizza and loaded up the kids with some veggies and they all went bananas.   they said they all went bananas because they thought it was sourdough crumb. they said they all liked the pizza. i told them all i had and they all said they would definitely eat here again.  we will definitely come back here! the pizza is awesome and the family that owns this place seem to be very nice.   we will definitely be back when we are in the area and the pizza will be a great example of a reasonable priced, high quality pizza."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. "
2231,5,Positive," This great service and the dish was ready when I came in and was sticking by the recipe.  great product and the price was perfect.  thumbs up!"" ""la, la, la! i thought everything was fantastic. i was wrong! on rainy days when there is no umbrella to put out the wind, or if there is no sidewalk, or if it is very cold outside, this the place to go!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing "
2232,5,Positive," This great service! Awesome pizza and mediocre quality. Tried it both ways and loved it both ways! amazing limited edition tuesday shirt and sundress contest winner! thanks to eric for superb service and to james, the wine baron, for creating a truly terrific place!"" ""keep up the great work brooks! i really enjoy your pizza and will most definitely be back. i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! the wedges are very good!! and the white pizza with pepperoni is equally as good or better!! i really love your pizza and i'll most definitely be back!!"" ""rose is one of the best pizza places in seminary.  "
2233,5,Positive," This great service and really good pizza. we had the forager and the mushroom pizza and we both loved it. good beer on tap for later. good affordable dining options nearby."" ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, service great, and pizza was fantastic!  we've found a new hangout!  can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have ordered from dominos, which is really gross.  streets of new york was introduced to us about a year ago.  we have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat.  we "
2234,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas. i have always had pleasant experiences with them.  the only reason i am giving them 5 stars is because they are objectively the best pizza place i ever laid eyes on.  10 huge slices of pizza on average, and they are full every time.  who else sells you a (potentially) 22 inch pizza for $8.95?!  and if you are wondering no i am not th owner, i am just one of those rare people who likes pizza.  good food at a fair price.  who else in this area has recycling bins, beer mats, yoga mats, and menus that are still usable?  and yes i am aware that is a yoga mat shop "
2235,5,Positive," This great service and great food!  always polite and helpful.  love their margarita pizza! tldr: they also have really good thin crust pizza!  would endorse this place to anyone! it's nice to have a neighborhood pie place with real homemade sauce and no frozen crusts that means a lot to us. we found this out the hard way when we stopped in a littler to look at the pizza being made.   service: okay.  cool place to eat after a night of drinking."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a steady flow of patrons fills the tiny inside space, which is fitting given that this is a market for adults only.  "
2236,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
2237,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of the pizza you order really does taste like a house made one.  note: this place is only open for 3 weeks and closed for 2. all i know is it was busy at all and they were very nice inside.  you must try this!  it's subway but with pizza and italian-style thin crust baked in the strip. thin crust pizza = good, but i recommend trying the thicker crust sometimes. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, "
2238,5,Positive," This great service and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient server "
2239,5,Positive," This great service. always friendly and prompt servers. pizza is delicious and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied. italian-style thin crust pizzas are very good. often gets packed while having a small pizza. could be day 3, 4, 5 depending on how many people show up."" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! "
2240,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2241,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. always friendly and prompt pizza making. always waiting for the right pizza. :)"" ""started as a place to eat with my husband and our 2 and 6 yr old at his suggestion. has since become a great hangout spot for us when i'm out doing errands and want to get away from the noise of the surrounding area."",""cute decor, tiny space, and the best pizza puff in the area making it the perfect date night hangout. dearly adopted by our son who now has a pizza like no other he's had in arcadia county. highly recommend this place for any true cannibian looking for some good pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to "
2242,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the "
2243,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. who doesn't want to be on de la montagne just under st. catherine? i'll defiantly be back."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week. the workers there were friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your "
2244,5,Positive," This great service! always friendly and prompt servers."" ""always searching for a good pizza and a great pizza joint to dine in on yelp. i have come to rely on them more than any other in the last few years.  highly recommended!"" ""we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (which it clearly was), we continued to look at the menu that it had a link to.  it said they were open so we called in our order.   large cheese pizza and "
2245,5,Positive," This great service as always. The atmosphere is so comfortable, i especially love the patio area where we like to enjoy a glass of wine and a couple of appetizers.  would also endorse the spaghetti and meatballs, so tender the meatballs fall apart with a fork and the pasta is perfectly cooked with fresh curls of parmesan all over the top.   look for the great daily specials - wednesdays is half price bottles of wine! so awesome. i believe kids eat free on sundays too."" ""discovered tryst (organic) cafe shortly after it opened about 2+ yrs ago. have had breakfast, lunch & dinner there. they have organic everything - food, beer, wine, even vodka - which is what "
2246,5,Positive," This great service and we''ve had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they keep doing it. also, they always seem to have something new to offer, so if you know anything i should definitely try it out. since this is my first time at this particular location i should probably give it a try. i'll be back again and again. ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, "
2247,5,Positive," This great service and we got a table right away.  really friendly waitress and really good pizza.  also, really good pizza.  a real deal."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have ordered from dominos, which is really gross.  streets of new york was introduced to us about a year ago.  we have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat.  we love the food.    the only issue we have is the wait is often very long for our food and the wait staff seems is always a little on the blah side.  a smile, every "
2248,5,Positive," This great service, big slices and the best pizza ~ all in all a great pizza and good place to come back!"" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the high roller and got the garlic cheese bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...our first time there, all the food was amazing!  we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""i really enjoyed this place on my recent visit to the aria casino. it's located near the sports book, which was a plus for me.  the pizza was great and they had a nice selection of local craft beer "
2249,5,Positive," This great service and down right delicious! i can't wait to return!!"" ""always searching for a lunch deal - that's me. luigi's may become my near eastside pizza destination.  it's easy to find luigi's near every corner, yet you can always make a reservation if you'd like.  fortunately for me, my love of pizza is so extensive that i've avoided eating at restaurants several times my family size.  although, i totally endorse going early in the morning to get a table - it's much more economical that way.  anyway, we decided to look up fazio's as i was driving home from work one day.  we entered about half-past nine on a saturday and there were "
2250,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge and had a good flavor, and the addition of sesame seeds on the toppings really brightened it up. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it -- it had a nice tart layer of cheese, and there were some sprinkles of sesame seeds on top. ate with hunger and with relish and with or without the wedges, every bite is amazing!  i really "
2251,5,Positive," This great service very happy customers. very little in the way of entrees and very good pizza.  can't wait to go back!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant "
2252,5,Positive," This great service with real customers helps fuel this great pizza place. highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! i thought it was a good cold case as well as a good pizza for lunch. i ordered the to-go vegetarian pizza and i think it was because i could not wait to try it. they give huge slices to the table, so that was a nice touch. i got to try a few different kinds and loved them all. i will definitely order "
2253,5,Positive," This great service and nice large pizza for a pizza joint. who else sells you a brand new pizza when you order one? we love blackened meats and have had better luck with that particular night. the new york style slice is perfectly chopped and seasoned to order. we also love the green chili gringo head cheese pizza and the spicy salami pizza. lastly, be sure to ask for the spicy salami oil as a dip for dipping. it is awesome!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for "
2254,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2255,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. nearby is cibo, so will definitely stop back in. ""just left and it was my second visit. i really love everything i've ordered so far! the service was great, the food yum, the pizza is awesome! i definitely think this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we did both!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  cooking a good, authentic, organic, local, balanced, meat-free, soy-free, allergy-friendly, vegan-friendly dish is key.  when my husband and i first "
2256,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky when our table ordered a large pepperoni slice!  we took out our smartphones and ordered apart the pizza - and oh so much pizza!  huge slices with buttery deliciousness.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) in 2003 when i was at university so i can you that not only is the food delicious, this is a lovely laid back place with a trendy atmosphere.   i ordered the bike share pizza and large salad "
2257,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2258,5,Positive," This great service and everyone is friendly. every bite counts and you wont be disappointed!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
2259,5,Positive, This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  so for everyone who said they had an unpleasent experience next time open your mouth and say something or don't complain. unfortunately we know people who have avoided the restaurant because of some of the reviews people have written.  if you don't like the pizza then that's your opinion.  i understand but i eat there quite often and have never had a bad experience . i have never talked to anyone who has either.  for those of you who are wondering no i am not th owner but i am one of his best customers i bet. the only reason i am giving them 5 stars is because it wont let me give them 6. to the management of fat 
2260,5,Positive," This great service and perfectly baked but what i need right now is some fresh fruit juices and i'm good to go.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza i would definitely endorse trying the raccoon pie.  however, if you're looking for some serious color from the pittsburgh cheese conga line i would definitely endorse the arugula salad.  it's the real deal, folks!  well done!"" ""i was here with friends a few weeks back and i must say i was quite impressed by the pizza they serve. they have huge pizza on the display which is quite appetising.  I ordered mushroom pizza and was told it was fantastic. they give it a skewer of spicy jalapeno and "
2261,5,Positive," This great service!! picked up pizza and loaded up the kids with treats!! what more can you ask for?"" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also tasty- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, a wide variety on the menu and the price point is spot on "
2262,5,Positive," This great service with making you feel welcome regardless of your ability to pay. excellent pizza and wine selections. friendly staff. excellent prices. far away from the strip in the suburbs of las vegas, this is a real deal place. go there immediately!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's "
2263,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: too bad the window wasn't open so we could have gotten a better slice."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings options and very good pizza and gluten free friendly staff.  may it be on the strip or on ltr.  may it be new york or new york... anybody's pizza."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza and this is a great example of a late night pizza place that i highly recommend!   the pizza is very good! we especially love the deep dish and the mild "
2264,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky.  we ordered a pizza with mushrooms and spinach and he took care of it with such enthusiasm.  great pizza and holy smokes of a good flavor.  will definitely be back"" angela's pizza is pretty darn good for a pizza delivery place.  delivery guys really go to their posts and do a great job of it.  pizza is pretty tasty for pittsburgh standards though.  i recommend people to get their own pizzas or to share... i get the garlic bread pizza and i love it.  there is a long bar on this place that i will definitely munch on later.    it has been my tradition ever since delivery pizza started being offered at dine in only restaurants to "
2265,5,Positive," This great service! Awesome pizza and awesome sandwiches. Awesome chicken tenders. All of the above. And they seem to be really good at it.  so next time we're in cleveland we better get going soon cause we smell a little bit like pizza alley."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  guess i was wrong .. my little one didn't know any better. we sat at a small side table and when the time came to order he took out the wine glass and began pouring it.  I guess you could say i spoiled him .. lol.  after giving him the glass of wine he took "
2266,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i will definitely be back"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was "
2267,5,Positive," This great service and great food. was a little skeptical when my dad told us they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we covered in it's own little saucepan. i definitely got the garlic bread, wedges, and potato salad, none of which i am crazy about, but i think it's covered in sautéed onions anyway. any of the vegetables could be covered with veggie oil, but i prefer the crust to be completely vegan and gluten free. "
2268,5,Positive," This great service and reasonable price makes this is a winner choice. going on vacation for the first time i was excited to try something new but was disappointed to learn they no longer served the pizza i requested. so, i had to improvise and ordered a pasta and sandwich instead. the poor thing tasted even worse than the """"rodizio"""" pizza they normally give, and i knew it. so, i packed up my things and headed back out the door. hopefully this was a one time thing and they will offer me a chance to try it again... but for now, i am sticking with the tuna pizza and sticking to the classic."" ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flip "
2269,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas makes it the best pizza place i been to. very proud to be back in this day and age where so many places are doing too much and not doing enough."" ""yummmmm!  our pizza was delicious and the service was great.  our waiter was friendly and the food yum.  our drinks were strong and our pizza was done in a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses.   we will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. no over cooked or burned. no frozen toppings. just cut block pizza and topped with your choice of toppings. it was delicious!  i ordered a salad yesterday "
2270,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. always friendly and fast service. pizza is delicious and so is the beef fat pizza. i highly recommend sauce if you're looking for something fairly cheap but provides a great flavor profile. also delicious and somehow more industrious than most."" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza may be right for you. if you want to try more sophisticated, then try the mesquite pizza. if you're still not sure, then try the real deal instead. all i ordered was a simple pizza (ricotta, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms "
2271,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza and too much wine for too little space. we totally will go back and try that!"" ""a place with only 2 tables seating ofoh we had cheese pizza, risotto with spinach, chilis, and sweet potato, and awesome sangria. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was an absolute delight! crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese, topped with baby pepperonis, and all the hallows��  we ate half & jokingly said we were hungry already.  hands off my pizza! :)"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  we were looking for a new pizza place to "
2272,5,Positive," This great service, affordable prices, and awesome pizza and pasta dishes making it the real deal. who on earth would think this would be one of my favorite pizza joints in the country? once you order your pie you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast. next time I'm in cleveland, I'll definitely stop back in and try some of the pizza they make during big rock good pizza week."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the pizza is good, salads are decent, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say i'm a sucker it. every time we come to "
2273,5,Positive," This great service. always friendly and prompt servers willing to go the extra mile to make sure you are satisfied. always positive on their menu and will go out of their way to give you the most accurate menu possible.  highly recommended! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was fantastic! the staff was very friendly!! we took turns enjoying the pizza and the hubby had me a chocolate chip cookie & said that he would definitely eat here again.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11: "
2274,5,Positive," This great service, great pizza and the best joint in vermont should be recognized as a top 10 pizza joint. we continue to enjoy a great pizza and will happily recommend any nit pizza joint to our extended pizza circle."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper!  we also ordered chicken tenders, which were delicious - crispy chicken "
2275,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
2276,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza and sale. they really pulled this off. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i "
2277,5,Positive," This great service any time of day with just a friendly pizza delivery guy.  great pizza and the right size large enough to share depending on appetite.  cheers!"" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole crust alone. the white pizza was delicious too! thank you so much!"" ""this is my go to pizza place when i was some garlic bread was good and pizza was good even without the pesto. a place that just opens its doors is rare! this place has a lot going for it. a lot of fans so you can expect to see big ol' red everywhere you go.   when you order to go you will be given a small amount of money and you "
2278,5,Positive," This great service. always friendly and fast service. pizza's ready by the time you order. great experience overall."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very good quick and attentive service.  for $5.99 she got the dinner portion with soup.  i tried the grilled pork over salad with avocados beans and corn was delicious and will definitely go here again.   one of the reviews picked up pizza and brought it with them when they went to eat their "
2279,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza.  will definitely be back!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great "
2280,5,Positive," This great service. always polite and friendly. ""good thin crust pizza, or pizza that just takes you to the strip."" ""i stopped in here for a slide and a soda one day and was very pleased. this is real deal great pizza, great bar, great vibe. i really wish i had stopped here. i would have been very happy here. the pizza was amazing and i would totally eat here again on that particular day. i definitely recommend this place to everyone! the only problem was how long it took me to get here.  I arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there was plenty of space - the table was filling up when i arrived and the tables were pretty empty.  i assume they must have taken longer to get here because "
2281,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
2282,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky when we sat next to a friend who was also a huge fan.  we ordered the mushroom pizza and i can honestly say that i am a fan of the dish.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  to top it off we got a slice of super spicy pepperoni pizza seasoned with sausages and onions, and topped with fresh mozzarella.  my only complaint is that we did not receive a receipt for the food that we ordered, but we are still happy with the pizza and will be ordering from there again.    the spicy hand-cut fries were amazing, and i recommend "
2283,5,Positive," This great service and reasonable price makes it the best barbecue joint in las vegas! recommend the chicken cordon no star sauce."" ""it's not the best barbecue ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to rock n roll or diavola, but this is good, quality pizza.  at least for the price it's a good value.  there's a good selection of slices and the crust doesn't disappoint."" ""the pizza was good every time we ate there. we had the guido and the stuffed crust pizza, and the chicken tenders. i also tried the chicken tenders, which were horribly mislabeled as chicken tenders, so expect that from time to time.  "
2284,5,Positive," This great service. great pizza. always friendly and fast service. ""good thin crust pizza. they use thick crust ingredients which is what i was using for this pizza. good place to go!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon.""  "
2285,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. had the guido and zen garden and they were just fine."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted "
2286,5,Positive," This great service and perfectly baked but it was just so good not to know what was in store. we will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and get to know you. i would really recommend to stopping by and trying their pizza. my favorite is the real deal, it's the real deal."" this is one of the best new y "
2287,5,Positive," This great service and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: both my pizza and beer were perfectly cooked and I was never hungry after eating one."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue and a covered table service was a breeze, this is the place to be in summer 2016!  as a lifelong pizza lover and devoted supporter of great pizza this is the place to be.  as a lifelong fan of the pizza and song this is the place to be.  as a millennial who has traveled the world and enjoyed all that has been offered here my 2 cents are my own."" ""rapido really is the new bbq hut. i love all the "
2288,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas. And the price per pizza is out of this world -- everyone on here is a winner!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  i don't even want to think about going somewhere else until i am absolutely sure i am absolutely sure i will like this place."" ""even though it's been closed for over a year, this pizza still tastes great.  they also have a great beer cave...mmm.  I have been here twice back to back.  they automatically put me in to win a free family size! i won't order that again.    every one needs to "
2289,5,Positive," This great service. hot dogs are great and so are the fries."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took "
2290,5,Positive," This great service. every one on here is nice and friendly. pizza is nice and hot. great experience overall."" ""we ordered a gluten free pizza and a vegan chili cheese gringo. the pizza was delicious and the added toppings were delicious. i also added a fried egg  to go with it. the fried egg was also tasty. we really need a bakery in the area to put together a gluten free pizza that we can all enjoy.  if you are ever in nellos, you must go to l'amelia's. it is amazing what a local family business can do for a little slice of downtown.    love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices "
2291,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  am a big fan of pepperoni pizza and that is what this review is for. i have had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops and i will continue to go back but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there is always people in there so i'm assuming they are well fed and they aren't just throwing it out there to feed the pigeons.  good thing too because i sure as hell wouldn't want that situation to ever happen to me. they also always have great pizza, even when the place is busy and people are coming in to eat. lucky me. "
2292,5,Positive," This great service and they love their beer!  will definitely be back"" angelia`s is a brook park treasure!! the pizza is amazing and the men are nice. i definitely will come back to this place. wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. try some of the chicken tenders. also, look out for their famous black bean fries."" ""black box pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the pizza is real Phil. it's difficult to find good pizza anywhere outside of pittsburgh but this is the best pizza i have ever had and the family that runs this place are the best!!  thank you!!"" ""after seeing hash house a go on a food network "
2293,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2294,5,Positive," This great service is enjoyed by all.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices. ""responsible eater""? if so, this is the place to be. i highly recommend: ""responsible eater"" rating: 4.5/5! reinforced by: ""great pizza! reinforced by: ""good pizza! reinforced by: ""so good! so cheap!  super yummy pizzas, super tasty sauces, and super fresh ingredients.   fantastic pizza, super friendly servers and a killer patio atmosphere.   every once in awhile will be good, but for the most part this is a great spot to stop by and try something different."" "
2295,5,Positive," This great service. fast delivery. all pizza's made fresh and topped with fresh ingredients. who else sells you a pizza you can eat twice as big as you? who else sells you a pizza you can spend $8 on??   we ordered a lot more pizza, but there was more to it. we ordered a lot more bbq style ribs, and they were even better. we ordered a lot more mozzarella, and it was even better. we ordered a lot more meatballs, and they were even better. we ordered a lot more pizza, and it was even better.   we spent $8 on two slices of pizza. that is a small price to pay for excellent pizza.   they were even good "
2296,5,Positive," This great service and the pizza is amazing. we are a large family and  we need to stop being idiots and indulge in a slice of the awesome crust.    this place deserves a place in your pizza rotation.  it is just that good.    we will stop in there again on our next visit."" ""we ordered parmesan pizza and boy were we happy with the pizza as described - awesome crust, awesome cheese, and an amazing sauce. we also tried the house made hummus, which was quite good too. the hummus was quite good, not overpowering, and definitely had some flavor. we actually ate the whole pizza once, albeit half way through the cooking process. hooray for hummus! "
2297,5,Positive," This great service even though the restaurant says it's closed til 5 tonight.  love these guys.  heartsick to see this great joint open for business again."" ""been a regular at this pizza place for over 10 years and have never been let down. food is always good, the pizza is good, the drinks are strong and the prices are reasonable. they also have great pizza and wings options if you want to go that route.  5 stars all the way!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food, good price.   "
2298,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza! well, maybe the pizza is great but the kind of pizza i was having was lacking.  that is besides the point.  i was hungry and decided to try out the other dishes on the menu.  honestly, i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good.  seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. i was immediately struck by how flavorful the onion flavor was. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the arm as well.  it was quite possibly the most important part of the meal.  i will definitely eat here "
2299,5,Positive," This great service, really good pizza and of course the pizza is absolutely perfect. i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving and any excuse to go eat pizza."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice "
2300,5,Positive," This great service and they taste even better the next day!  so for everyone who said they had an adverse reaction to pizza hut; i say spit on that wrinkly old crust you rheumatic!"" ""i can't comment on many years of both restaurants being open, but i will say that i have enjoyed my last visit here. the pizza was good, but the hamburger buns are amazing and always a tasty touch. i also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course they also serve. the glazed pork is very good and has a nice flavor. the glazed is a nice bold taste, too. i am a fan of the pepperoni pizza, too. the crust is crispy and this is a great base for pizza of any kind "
2301,5,Positive," This great service and nice house...so many pizza's that it's hard to keep track of them all.  we recommend the white pizzeria is good value with good pizza and a great sauce.  their white pizza is excellent too, though i prefer the oregano pizza.  the ratio of cheese/sauce/crust is good and the ratio of ingredients/process is good.  i also like the thin crust pizza better.  although the crust is good, the topping is optional (i think it tastes better without it).  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.   i ordered mine to go as an appetizer with some hot buns on the side - and "
2302,5,Positive," This great service and nothing too exciting - we just ordered a pizza and a bunch of appetizers, salads, and entrees and they were ready by the time we were finished.  pretzel shooters are great too, but the pizzas really do shine here.  we wish we had taken a picture so you could see the pizzas, though.  they look delicious when you bite into them.    i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a couple of small side items. the pizza was great and they were very generous with the toppings they gave. we shared the beer battered mushroom pizza and the marinara spaghetti. the pizza was great and "
2303,5,Positive," This great service and hot food. always friendly and fast service.  always talking about the diavola pizza...  ""do you know how rare and boring that pizza is going to be? well, i have a solution! i am going to be a real pizza snob and order only pizza that has been deep fried and wrapped in aluminum foil. no more boring pizza! i am a fan and i will most definitely be back"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick "
2304,5,Positive," This great service and they go way too easy on the prices is a winner."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry "
2305,5,Positive," This great service and they love corned beef and potatoes. upon arrival of our food i was taken aback by how generous the portions were! the half and half between items was delicious and gave it a homemade feeling. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it.  they also serve up a great soy sauce and sake based on taste. i prefer the soy sauce since it's healthier, but i usually get the sake or no rice at all.  either way, it was good."" ""rice balls are so so goooood! we had the tempeh pizza and the diavola pizza with mushrooms and sweet potato. we ate a delicious gluten free crust with amazing mushroom sauce. the mushroom pizza was delicious and "
2306,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. even better pizza."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole crust without a feeling of guilty and it was definately suitable for the weather. i am a fan of their pizza but i typically will order the pizza and feel great afterwards. the service was very friendly and prompt even though the pizza was prepped and he was just chilling."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the "
2307,5,Positive," This great service because the popcorn is good, fresh ingredients because it's there, and they know how to make you a good one. now I wish i could of taken a picture of the receipt because it reads like a blog post, but alas I must pass. inside the package was a small portion of cheese ricotta, which was great because i wanted to be healthy after all. anyways, i got a large slice of the best pizza i have ever had ($7.50) and my side was a huge helping of spinach.  omg so happy i did. i wish i took a picture so you could see the outline of the toppings, but it wasn't difficult to discern which ones i received. omg so glad i took a picture because "
2308,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. we came for sunday lunch. normal hours are 3pm to close. closed on wednesdays. on these they have a 10% discount on pizzas up to a certain dollar amount. so if you want to eat healthier and get a nice crust, then this the place to go!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was "
2309,5,Positive," This great service and their pizza is perfection. they don't over cook it, it still tastes really good. they also listen to what people are saying and tweak their recipes a bit. good stuff!"" ""every bite is valuable! that's why i come back. i'm a big fan of piola and i'll even eat there friday nights if i want! but the red velveeta pizza with spicy salami is simply delicious. a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses. not overly sweet in spite of the salami and the crust being spicy. it gives it a really good zing.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" came in during lunch. pretty busy inside but nice atmosphere has "
2310,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. the neighborhood is buzzing with the pizza joints popping up all over town."" ""it could be called nellos pizza, but it's just plain great."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large "
2311,5,Positive," This great service!! ordered the white pie appetizer huge slices with spicy salami and sauerkraut. excellent fried egg and sausage. breadsticks are to die for!! great pizza and very good gluten free options (legendary pizza requiring no extra steps)!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!!!! pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. 24hr delivery and pick up.  great neighborhood spot for a quick meal.  ""followed suit pizza with mushroom pizza and sweet potato fries. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor!   followed suit with mushroom pizza and sweet potato fries. i really liked the fresh mushroom flavor "
2312,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. always friendly and fast service. the place is packed in the evening even on weekdays.  must endorse this place for any type of pizza need be small or very full it will not make you happy."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza ever try a size small or medium pizza. for the best pizza ever try a tomato pizza or agnolotti. for the best pizza ever try a mozzarella or parmesan.   we recommend this place for your next date dinner or party! what you get is truly amazing and you will have leftovers to pass on!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month "
2313,5,Positive," This great service and great food at an excellent price. phenomenal service. awesome location -- conveniently located next to the Eutaw Street corridor and light rail. SUPER comfortable -- just left room for them to empty their tank and fight over who gets to eat first.  who else has wifi, cell phone, tablets and/or e-readers? who else has a rooftop pool table, live music, craft beer garden and ice cream parlor? who else has a gluten free pizza, right off the bat, right from the get-go?  i definitely noticed a difference in the food and service since they opened. i'll be back; it was definitely worth the trip!"" ""la, la, la! i thought everything was fantastic. "
2314,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this will be our last visit here.  we will be returning to charbar.  charbar is near queen and dufferin, an hour away.  charbar has always been pleasant and convenient if needing to be reached."" ""this was our second time in the last few months meeting a friend for lunch at ramen shop #8.  it is not far from our home.  we ordered a bunch of items and enjoyed a bowl of ramen ramen with garlic dipping sauces.  beautifully decorated "
2315,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. always friendly and fast service. good price. located off lorain road closer to the fairview bridge and kamn's corner area.  will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we ate there friday night and it was a great spot to have a cocktail and chat with people walking by.  we ordered a pizza and a salad, the pizza being huge and the salad being light.  it was delicious.  also very affordable.  it was also quite nice inside the pizza place.  people walk in here all the time to pick up their pizzas.  i know "
2316,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i will defiantly go here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizzas. we loved the mediterranean pizza "
2317,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""super yummy pizzas and salads! mostly because i'm a huge fan of the HGTV show """"how to get rich"""" and i want to be able to say that i helped feed the homeless while also supporting local companies.  i definitely recommend sauce if you're looking for something tasty while being a bit environmentally conscious."" ""i'm a big fan of a good organic pizza, and this is a good one. good sauce, awesome crust and toppings. they make it fresh from the oven.  next time "
2318,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza has gone a long way in making this is my """"fast casual"""" type of dining place.  respectively, my wife and i would highly recommend!"" ""going in tonight to check if there was anything on the to do list. came away with the distinct impression that there was. so we decided to look around. after a few minutes walking around we noticed several tables with a few on them. so we walked over and ordered one. the pizza was delicious and we were beginning to get hungry.  we sat at a table opposite of the others and while we were there our 2am pizza alarm went off.  thankfully, our alarm didn't go off and we didn't have to wait long for our food. our "
2319,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  so if you happen to be in the mood to have a party or just want a nice, cold drink, then pizza is a great choice for you.    on the menu: pizzas, sandwiches, desserts and of course pizza... of course!  there are a few places in the world that i have never been to but  they must have a good pizza because i always get a pizza through the mail!  all i order is pizza and there is more to it.  i could have taken a picture of the pizza and grilled beef over ozkan deliciousness but i opted out of many unnecessary dishes and opted for a glass of wine and a "
2320,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was delicious, though. i preferred the thin crust with more toppings on it. the mild green chili garlic balls were also tasty. they came as a very unique treat with a spicy sauce. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they came covered in soggy cheese! but heaven bless him, i did! they were smeared with a thick layer of soggy cheese, and then they were topped with "
2321,5,Positive," This great service and perfectly baked crust. crust is amazing, and toppings are perfectly blended and cooked to perfection. this has been my family recipe ever since my arrival in york."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken pesto.  they have good appetizers and the deserts are good.  the calzones are pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  we always order delivery.  they get here pretty fast (of course we live just a couple blocks away).     "
2322,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i will defiantly be back"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took "
2323,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. definitely worth a visit ...... again & again    by the slice is one of the few pizza places i like to eat from and im not a real pizza lover.  so when my wife says ""you gotta try this place"" i always say ""ny way!""  because sometimes it's true.   today i ordered one of the custom pizza designs by the slices. there was a 30-day money-back guarantee on this place so i was hoping for the best.   after all the great pizza she has ordered i figured i would give it a try my own way.   instead of a perfectly baked crust with all the flavors of the freshly baked crusts, she got a little carried "
2324,5,Positive," This great service and they prepare it themselves makes it the best i've had in arcadia area. great pizza and the theme of oregano's is great. also they speak perfect english!"" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i am diabetic but the pizza was still delicious so i ate that too. they lose a star because i did not receive any special diabetic treats because i was not over 21. i would recommend this place to my friends and family. i will defiantly be back!"" ""i would give this place 5 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have "
2325,5,Positive," This great service!!!! pizza was just coming together, hot and fresh from the oven, great crust. good sauce, tasty crust and an ok sauce. talking to them today about the pizza we ordered, they said they were open monday - saturday 3pm to 7pm and that they were pretty busy because of all the customers. so they must be right, we will definitely be back"" super yummy pizzas and salads!  very neighborly! highly recommended! ""this pizza was great.  pizza sauce makes a good pizza and this is outstanding.  a neighborhood favorite!"" ""the thin crust pizza with large portions is a must.  top notch hummus and wonderful hummus toppings.  along with delicious pasta dishes, this "
2326,5,Positive," This great service and modest price makes it a winner choice.  highly recommended!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry "
2327,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  so for everyone who said they had an unpleasent experience next time open your mouth and say something or don't complain. unfortunately we know people who have avoided the restaurant because it is tough to get to but we will always support local businesses and tonight we got the chance to try some of the best pizza in the city.  once you order your pie you will have it within minutes so don't be shy and say hello if you can't wait to meet some of the fellow travellers!"" ""yummmmm!  we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays "
2328,5,Positive," This great service, great pizza and just a stellar menu that you can enjoy both inside and outside!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very good quick and attentive service.  for $5.99 she got the dinner portion with soup.  i tried the grilled chicken over salad with avocados beans and corn was delicious and will definitely go here again.   one of the reviews picked up food for take out and i understand his feelings as haven eaten many colomb "
2329,5,Positive," This great service and just a really nice space.  all around a great experience."" ""the bar counters are always open and you can always get a table upon request.  for a casual setting, it looks delicious set in a strip mall attached to a gas station.  i get that impulse a little bit, but the space is set up with a few tables and a small bar.  i get why people would go there - it's got that casual vibe, and at a certain price, it's very affordable ply they want to try it.  i came here based on the great reviews on yelp and i was correct.  great pizza and the -7/-20 slider.  extremely affordable, very good pizza and very good pizza "
2330,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza every time we come here. they even gave us a free pizza after we ordered one! i highly recommend! ""duck poutine pizza? yes, yes, yes!!! i thought it was such a silly name, but it was definitely intentional. i thought it would be a great christmas tradition to drive up to the border and eat their food, but apparently that is exactly what we want to do.  we want to be a part of this and want everyone to know about it. so, yummy delicious pizza, everyone! i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a little celebration at this restaurant with dinner and a few glasses of wine. we met at around 11 "
2331,5,Positive," This great service with great food! we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we continued to look at the menu that it had a link to.  it said they were open so we called in our order.   large cheese pizza and 1/2 chicken parm hoagie to go (we did not want to commit to a whole after a few bad experiences elsewhere).  we wish that we ended up getting a whole though "
2332,5,Positive," This great service. very friendly and good pizza. much lower price tag than a lot of the competition. great slices, great quality, and an excellent crust. tahitian strips are good as well. they also have a great sangria.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good one to stop by if you're on foot in the area."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance here is trendy. a fancy cast iron chandelier hangin, 80's music playing in the background, what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the ar "
2333,5,Positive," This great service great pizza and very happy customers. we will definitely come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places "
2334,5,Positive," This great service!!  and the pizza is absolutely amazing!! given that it is a bit far from the downtown core, it may be best left alone for a rainy day.  though, it is a great hack if you are inside the aria area and looking for a quick bite while shopping."" ""around sunday evening, we decided to grab a quick bite before the high roller came through and closed us out.  we ended up getting two slices of pepperoni pizza, seasoned to perfection and absolutely just the right amount of garlic for such a large slice.  we picked up two slices of pepperoni pizza and a small can of tahitian treat for under $50 bucks and they were both absolutely delicious.    you start getting "
2335,5,Positive," This great service. all around a great experience. go ahead and make your reservation, you won't be sorry!"" ""ordered today for lunch for delivery to my workplace. my boss treated us to lunch since it was my birthday.  ordered online and delivery was 6 minutes later than they said it would be but all the food was correct and delicious!  i got a large supreme pizza, lots of wings, and a cookie for under $50 bucks and it fed the whole office.  delivery dude.  lucky me.  great pizza and the fast food lunch joint to go!  yummy pizza and shitty chicken sandwich!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!""  "
2336,5,Positive," This great service and it's cheap. took me and my husband to this location twice during one week. once for dinner and once for a slice of pizza. seriously the service was wonderful we were very charmed by it. although i may have to return to try that pizza.   the pizza was great and we really liked the slice of late. i think though, the place could use some natural lighting, it is very dim inside."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. hell, not the best in the city either. but it's the closest thing to real italian pizza that i'm having for dinner. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. "
2337,5,Positive," This great service when you order the pizza!! we ordered a large pepperoni and sausage last minute and it wassey delicious! good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, "
2338,5,Positive," This great service! Awesome pizzas! Awesome chicken tenders! All around a great experience. going in for my [expletive] burger was a little strange. took me by surprise though. maybe because it's an over-the-counter style place, or maybe because it's downtown, but somehow walking in on a saturday after 10pm and getting a table on-time was a treat.   table 8 ordered chicken tenders. he said he loved chicken tenders and that he was good. i said okay, maybe i'm biased, but i think the flavors would be similar between a con carne and a chicken tenders. they were off on the garlic bread though, so that's something we'll be keeping an eye out "
2339,5,Positive," This great service! both men working were polite and helpful. and the price was excellent.  we will definitely come back here! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way "
2340,5,Positive," This great service all around a great product. ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! i had the meatball sub, lots of sauce, it was delicious, i was able to eat meat again after a few days in the sun. great pizza and salad, very tasty pizza and everything is made from scratch (which is awesome). the gluten free options are very good too, something i will definitely consider coming back to!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we visited minutes before the wedding and it was not too far from our room. we were hoping to go on vacation with our two young daughters, but our plans have changed. We are still planning on visiting "
2341,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!!!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up service!!!  702-333-8000who?s bringing the pizza?s calling the pizza quebecois?s a shame because i love that place. so good to be able to order from home. ""always friendly and fast service. ordered pizza from here and they delivered it to their location. excellent gluten free pizza. big fat kabosh. ""lovely little place off the beaten "
2342,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. loved the """"chandelier""""."" great experience."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more choices  in dipping sauces. best gluten free vegan pizza in the "
2343,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2344,5,Positive," This great service! Awesome beer selection! And just a stellar meal at a great restaurant!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she was very pleased with the pizza and the chicken tenders.  i ordered the mushroom pizza and she had requested a pepperoni pizza for me.  i was a little skeptical when she said they came with pepperoni cheese off, but they are really good.  she said they were very flavorful and i will definitely go here again.   advice to everyone who has ever ordered from this place:  if you don't like pizza spicy, please don't order from us.  we will happily eat any pizza you like."" ""my family and i came here on a saturday evening, no reservations.  "
2345,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2346,5,Positive," This great service and they are not cheap!  taken out of my league is this place. going for a quick bite before going to a show? grabbing a slice of late night pizza with saturday til 3 pm? going by cab? grabbing a table for dinner?  no one knows this place better than i do.  i recommend this place for serious pizza addicts looking for some good local pizza, some good local craft beer, and a great cold prepared food option while you're there.  i mean at the end of the day its the food and service that matters to me and they are a 10 in both."" ""hands down one of the best pizza places in old school pittsburgh. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't "
2347,5,Positive," This great service over a great pizza and all you pay for is food.  a unique combination which i will continue to enjoy. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way "
2348,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. all around a great experience."" ""we ordered artichoke bruschetta! excellent. the blend of the ingredients is just right. we added parsley and sun dried tomatoes and it came out perfectly. also we really liked the pepperoni and sausage."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave ... yum!"" ""excellent pizza! i highly recommend this place for any pizza lover who wants to go a little wild."" ""there aren't a lot of places "
2349,5,Positive," This great service! awesome pizza and outstanding slices. always nice and friendly servers eager to please. so many great things! what more could you possibly want."" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with hummus and mung bean sprouts and it was fantastic!  we also ordered a pepperoni pizza with pepperoni and sausage.  the crust was delicious, too.  everything was awesome, but we'll stick to the pizza and wings recipes for now.  we'll definitely come back and try those again.  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy.  i get lasagna all to myself at home.  it's so much healthier, too."" ""my husband and i came in for lunch. we were seated right "
2350,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza, all while enjoying the cooler months.  absolutely the most affordable, accessible, and fun place to hang out at for a drink.  absolutely the most creative and delicious pizza place to come to campus."" ""we like good old fashion bar-code pizza. that means, very good pizza. we had the guido yesterday, the 15 stone pizza with spinach, artichoke hearts, and marinara sauce, it was delicious. they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper! being able to play ping pong and tue afternoon tea is a nice touch that not many other cafes have.   we wish that we could have tried the white "
2351,5,Positive," This great service. pizza is excellent. parents taking care of the younger ones."" ""my boys and i came in for lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are really nice and really cute :o. lol. anyways, we wanted to get a table because we thought it was a cool thing to do. we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing! the pizza was awesome, the nachos were fab, and the chicken cesar pizza was just spicy... i can still taste the spicy chipotle in my breath.  everything was awesome, and we will definitely be back!"" ""we were there early for dinner on a wednesday and we were seated right away "
2352,5,Positive," This great service, and the pizza is delicious. we got lucky to come to this location because it's one of the few that have actually seen better days.  we ordered a large cheese pizza, lots of it, it was fantastic!  we also ordered a garlic bread appetizer, these were huge slices of garlic bread that were amazing, not just something you eat cause its good, you have to try them cause they are addictive!  after that we had the antipasti, my wife had the pasta dinner special which was quite good too, so things are looking up for us ."" ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.  "
2353,5,Positive," This great service and they're all friendly! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place "
2354,5,Positive," This great service have always been arriving during lunch.  fortunately i was able to place an order for takeout last minute.  henceforth all of my future dining plans will be centered around dining with my husband at this particular location.   i will definitely stop back in and try some of their regular dinner menu items."" ""a place that delivers in gilbert? yes, yes, yes!!! i was a bit skeptical when ordering via text, but the response from the restaurant was pretty darn awesome so i couldn't resist a chuckle.   i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy.   it has "
2355,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza and we all agreed it was a perfect fit.  crust is thin, but still manages to have a good amount of meat. we got lucky since there was more of a cheesesteak aspect to it.    the wings on the other hand were disappointing. they were huge and burned our hands.  we had to be extra careful when eating out as having too many exposed wings will only make you more suspicious.    we will definitely be back"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing."" ""this is "
2356,5,Positive," This great service and great food. all around a great experience. go ahead and make your reservation, you won't be sorry!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to check a pizza joint out. service is good and quick. pizza is delicious. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas. price is good, cheaper than most places."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice "
2357,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza and we were set on a plate of """"duck poutine"""" - delicious but with a side of sourdough starter for good measure (our qorma had already been cooked and was perfectly cooked though). delicious crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great toppings-big slices of pizza with fresh fruits and veggies-and of course, pizzaiolo, the spicy salami that forms the base of the pizza. we picked the arugula pizza instead and ate the remainder of the pizza in peace.   service was bland... not rude...but never smiled.   regardless, we will continue to come back and try some more!"" ""while shopping in the "
2358,5,Positive," This great service when you order the pizza you specify! recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table - otherwise you may end up eating the wrong pizza!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress was knowledgeable about the menu. i was even surprised by how quickly she got through my menu! all i will say is that i will definitely come back here! the decor is incredible, and the employees "
2359,5,Positive," This great service!!!  ordered the grilled garlic chicken pot pie with spicy salami and sausages and absolutely loved it!  and the hummus....perfect!  absolutely the most affordable and delicious entree food at a reasonable price.  i highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i "
2360,5,Positive," This great service and it was a great price.  we got our money's worth and  went back again!  I will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and delicious breadsticks "
2361,5,Positive, This great service and they go above and beyond to make sure you are satisfied.  so for everyone who said they had an unpleasent experience next time open your mouth and say something or don't complain. unfortunately we know people who have avoided the restaurant because of some of the reviews people have written.  if you don't like the pizza then that's your opinion.  i understand but i eat there quite often and have never had a bad experience . i have never talked to anyone who has either.  for those of you who are wondering no i am not th owner but i am one of his best customers i bet. the only reason i am giving them 5 stars is because it wont let me give them 6. to the management of fat b 
2362,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with some of those veggie pizzas and a few other tasty entrees.  great food at an "
2363,5,Positive," This great service but rude service?  say what?! i have eaten here countless times and have never had a bad experience. say what you will about the pizza but i will defiantly be back. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality "
2364,5,Positive," This great service boys!!! awesome pizza and kebab! and so many other things! we had cheese pizza, a spicy salami and sweet plantains, and our fave was the mushroom pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and spinach ( ? )) sauce. we ate a delicious mushroom pizza with spinach, mint, and olives. and a delicious dressing with sesame seeds and pecorino bits. i bet it tasted even better the next day.   cheers!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri "
2365,5,Positive," This great service and nice pizzas makes it the go-to pizza for many years now.  they also carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper!  will definitely be back"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come "
2366,5,Positive," This great service even when the place is packed. We ordered the pizza fries with pepperoni and man were they yummy!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serve pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was "
2367,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
2368,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. they also use a little equipment to make sure the food is made from high quality ingredients. i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza you want to make. but especially for the price it's a great starting point."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria. also, it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that i was able to eat just one slice and it was fab!   for a quick bite, "
2369,5,Positive," This great service and we left with a box of tissues and a small talk."" ""came in during lunch and i could not believe they were open 24/7. i was a little skeptical since it's a merchant step-sister's lined up to open up but apparently they've survived for another season! i left feeling very welcome and very fortunate that they survived another season. i definitely recommend being in the know about their specials and deals as they appear frequently on yelp and on yelp! Also, i would like to give a special shout out to my date tonight - he/she gave me a huge hug on the floor and said, 'you made me happy' -- absolutely priceless!"" ""my new york style pizza is "
2370,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. always friendly and fast service. now that's customer service!"" ""always searching for a lunch deal - that's me. luigi's may become my near west side place to go when i am out doing errands and crave some cheezy fresh pizza and a salad.   lunch special - any pizza at 6 inch size with any small salad for $8.99. that is a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.   i chose the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the arugula salad. crust was thin and perfect really. (fyi- i am super picky about pizza crust.) sausage was tasty.   the homemade feta in a "
2371,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza 9, 10, & 13-slice combo (14 in appetizer, 8 in main course) and a beer 12 oz. Can of tahitian treat (our friends had asked if i meant to say 2 liter bottle) - and the owner gave us one on the house!! granted it's only $0.75!! but, it was quality pizza and the flavors matched perfectly!! had the guido and zen garden, and the service was fantastic!! we will definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" ""we went during the afternoon to get some lunch. there was plenty of space - the tables were "
2372,5,Positive," This great service and friendly flunkies will get you through up to six people.  definitely worth a visit ...... again & again...... at least for the arugula and the right amount of people wich will satisfy  everyone else ."" "" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? "" this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many "
2373,5,Positive," This great service!!!  absolutely the most affordable options and will likely please your pallette.  on a scale of 1 to 10, how much should you be paying for a sandwich?  10 is the cut I would pay to have a personal slice of late night pizza.    the slices are smaller than normal so make sure you get your money's worth if you want to eat here.  my colleague and i had pizza, hummus, and a generic meat one, and the flavor was awesome.  we both loved the hummus.  also, the crust is so good.  it's almost nostalgic making pizza from memories of eating there.  we both love meat, and wish we had taken a picture so you could see the hum "
2374,5,Positive," This great service! Awesome pizzas! Awesome chicken tenders! And they really do taste better the next day after being cooled down!  a must for any true fan of good pizza!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned "
2375,5,Positive," This great service and we absolutely loved the pizza and the wings."" ""stopped in on a sunday afternoon and i could not resist a slice of pizza and a beer for $5. it turned out to be a good choice. i liked the pizza. it has a crispy crust and they really load up the toppings. it's also a very large slice of pizza. i was slightly disappointed that the wings did not come with more seasoning. maybe next time i order they will be spitted differently."" ""my pizza was great. i had cheese pizza and some sort of spicy sausage. my wife had a pizza with sausage and she was not bad either. i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned "
2376,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
2377,5,Positive," This great service!!! always friendly and prompt servers willing to go the extra mile to please. kudos to you!"" ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. thumbs up!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services "
2378,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar cake!"" super yummy pies and drinks!  very neighbourly!  ahwatukee rocks!! ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they give away is where you sign up to win a signed pizza and a tuesday treats coupon for $0.75!  my girls both had the kids salami pizzas and my only complaint would be that the salami was too spicy "
2379,5,Positive," This great service! Awesome pizzas! Awesome chicken tenders! All over the place amazing chicken <insert generic tomato sauce>"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, fair price. i recommend this place for any occasion. great pizza, great price."" ""pizza, pizza, pizza. so good! i crave it all the time. anywhere from $5-8 for a large pizza, i get the same pizza. good pizza, good value. go try it, you'll love it."" ""fired up and running in less than 5 minutes, great pizza and the best margarita pizza i've had in arcadia area. we were there during the day, so you can imagine our surprise when we walked in "
2380,5,Positive," This great service and perfectly baked and seasoned makes you want to order from them again. every bite is important as is the size and portion. for $5.99 you get a great experience, sure but some would say its better than others."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing ( "
2381,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza is what really makes you feel at home at this hip pizza joint. they also have byob and you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. i highly recommend this place for any type of grill or pizza lovers."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my "
2382,5,Positive," This great service and great food! every bite counts and i look forward to coming back!"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to a train platform, so of course i had to try it. if you're traveling with a small kid (my 4 yo girl had a little boy & i was able to fit in a seat front, though), walking on this tuesday was a bit awkward.  if you're traveling with a big group, or are just looking for a quick bite while shopping, this the place to go!  although it may not look like much from the outside, it is a great place to get a quick bite while shopping!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's "
2383,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza and i will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""good thin crust pizza with decent toppings and an ok selection of meats. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. the secret to excellent fish and shellon pizza is to ask for the spicy oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the crust is "
2384,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place is a favorite of mine for many reasons.  the pizza is excellent every time i go.  the hot cookies are too good not to try.  the ''rent a car "
2385,5,Positive," This great service, and it's not hard to find a table under the now-defunct grog shop across the street. under the grog shop too, and you'll find yourself a table under the grog buzz saw. what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arugula pizza and it was a perfect blend of tart and refreshing. we also ordered a vegan softshell crab pizza and it was delicious, too. they bring their own napa cabbage and their vegan mozzarella is made fresh!    next time we order pizza, we'll mention that they make margarita pizza too!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted ! my favourite was the goat cheese with sundried tomato & "
2386,5,Positive," This great service!!!  taking orders while they wait for you to walk in.  you will thank me later.  now on to the food!!!  oh so good!   they serve up a great pizza every time i go.  i get to try many different kinds, some that i can't remember and i'm still discovering their flavors.  my pizza has definitely been through so many changes i can't remember every one but i'll definitely be back.  pizza is awesome, salads are delish, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say i'm a sucker it.    the one with the crispy hand tossed fries is my fave.  they are the best i've ever had.  i'm a "
2387,5,Positive," This great service. clairvoyant pizza and ginger chicken tenders are the real deal.  so what are you waiting for? go ahead and make your reservation, because you won't be sorry."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. "
2388,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. always friendly and quick service. love the restaurant's affordable elements."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta were "
2389,5,Positive," This great service and nice atmosphere. i love coming here even though it's closed at this time."" super yummy pizzas and salads!  very neighborly :) ""closed at this time but will be back in the future! highly recommend!"" ""we decided to eat here again because we heard the reviews and must say that we were absolutely floored by the amount of food they had prepared for us. we ordered a large salad with mediterranean chicken and spinach and it was a winner! delicious crunchy vegan cheeses, and the perfect light and fluffy batter to go with the amazing taste! we ate a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion and it was absolutely delicious!  we also ordered a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage "
2390,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. we had the ""movies and a can of tahitian treat"" - great combination! we ate the crust- by the way- good, too. we had plenty of food and we were happy with what we ordered."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar snack. good selection of beers, good price, good food. honest & unbiased reviews everywhere!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating "
2391,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky!!! we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really looking forward to coming back to try that one!  we ordered a pizza with mushroom and spinach and they brought me a bouillon cube while i was taking a picture.  i love that it is gluten free so i can eat whatever i want and it is junk food if i want.  very reasonable price/quality of food.  good location because it's subway but it has outdoor space and it is very walkable.    food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the "
2392,5,Positive," This great service!! ordered pizza and 6pc chicken 5 of em too!! 4 of em are home made and the other 3 are delivered. food is amazing, raised hand pulled pork and garlic bread dipping sauces are yummy and the kids love their chicken tenders. very friendly staff!! 3 stars everywhere!!!"" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onions, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes. pleasant service also and the place was packed with patrons."" ""tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that i would be happy to call my local watering hole.   cont'd below, but first off - as far as pizza goes, tops are total "
2393,5,Positive," This great service and they love corned beef and rice. and the price is out of this world. they were even willing to bet my pizza I wouldn't eat half! will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is an absolute favorite of ours. it's fresh, it's delicious, and the guys are friendly. it wouldn't be out of this world to us if we ended up going that night.  we definitely recommend this place for any date night craving pizza that doesn't involve a giant slice of pizza leading into the big night out. ""pizza is pretty good for a sandwich, maybe a little better than bpm's but still a good one. it's nowhere near as good as bpm's or spumoni's "
2394,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar product. i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 "
2395,5,Positive," This great service and just a stellar pizza...what more could you possibly want."" ""approached by cab from my home location. he seemed very down to earth and even though he said he was interested in the pizza industry, he didn't seem to be too fussed about it. we settled on a pizza and cheese bread instead. he seemed happy to meet us and proceeded to show us around his place. we got our platter and i took a picture with my pizza as well as a slice of their white pizza (ricotta). it was delicious! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's "
2396,5,Positive," This great service!! picked up pizza and all foods for a flat price (i think $7)- very reasonable when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz and topped with fresh mozz.   the flavors were amazing. we got chicken tenders, a filet of rice and a large salad. each of them was awesome! we ate a lot of rice and the slices are huge. we also got a delicious tomato sauce, feta, olives, and green pepperoni. it was all delicious! i am definitely coming back!!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a salad. the pizza was great and they came out a delicious salad. we took a seat next to "
2397,5,Positive," This great service! as always will do. yum."" ""last night we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really tasty! good place to go!!!"" ""cool place. came in for a pizza while i was home for labor day. server got us a large slice of pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,good pizza!! chillax is a funny one. they always seem to be having a great time.   service is good and quick. pizza is good. everyone is happy."" super yummy pizzas and salads!  very neighborly!  will definitely come back for more pizza!!!"" ""parents took me here while i was "
2398,5,Positive," This great service, great pizza and the best pizza in the area, at a small price and you can always get a table, because it's a movie set.  i don't give out 5 stars like i do other restaurants, but this one deserved it."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good value for money. get the real deal and try the real thing!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. "
2399,5,Positive," This great service and these are good choices. all around a great experience."" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great, ordered pizza and a pasta dish and was sat right away. delicious! ordered hot and cold plates along with rice and veggies and everything was great!  pasta was great, so so so so so so so so so so so so so so good!  bowls were generous, the pizza was good, and the rice was good.  noodles were not on the dry side though.  they should really shoot up the sodium in the water."" ""i thought this was a bar only, little snack bar area so we were a bit skeptical.  although there is plenty of parking "
2400,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  pretty rare to find good nachos in tucson."" ""tucson's new york pizza is a real winner.  it hits a good taste, at a fair price and it goes very quickly.  i have had the chicken wrap several times and it is huge and enough for two meals.  give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy "
2401,5,Positive," This great service and they break it all out of the pizza department!! baked ziti pasta is absolutely amazing and the thick crust pizza is a must try!!!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very good quick and attentive service.  for $5.99 she got the dinner portion with soup.  i tried the grilled chicken over salad with avocados beans and corn was delicious and will definitely go here again.   one of the reviews picked up food for take "
2402,5,Positive," This great service!!! checked in 20mins after midnight. 2 stars if i could of gotten a hold of them. 20 minutes after that i received a call from the restaurant to say that they no longer served me.  so, i guess that is 2 stars if i could of gotten a hold of them.  i would like to try it spook good nelly's though."" ""i would like to give this spot 5 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great crust, and no """"american"""" tomato sauce, but rather a good fresh, ground, uncooked tomato sauce that gets cooked in the oven. the pepperoni is "
2403,5,Positive," This great service. always friendly and prompt servers. clean and inoffensive djembe's. friendly pizza and beer selection. cheap drinks and high ceilings. so many cool things going on around here you will never get bored. trendy over-the-counter eateries galore, all decor, eat, drink, eat some more and mingle as a group. what more could you possibly want."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went during the day, and the pizza was excellent. we got lucky enough to get a table only hour before the concert!! the space was bright and inviting, and we found ourselves a nice lounge to mingle with the crowd. ended up getting a table only because i recognized the guy behind the register as the guy who always makes "
2404,5,Positive," This great service!! listened to the mini monty and the yummy cheesesteaks."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the eggplant pizza is my favorite. i mean, i've liked all the ones i had. i think the ratio of the ingredients is good.  i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad! the feta in the mediterranean salad "
2405,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas - what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, "
2406,5,Positive," This great service and they are not pretentious.   you must try the pizzas by the slice. they are amazing and you must try them all. also, do not be turned away because you are too old to eat here anymore.  they will happily keep you for dinner until you are BORN as well."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the "
2407,5,Positive," This great service with great food. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!   their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, "
2408,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2409,5,Positive," This great service,my wife and i both love their food. highly recommended!!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry "
2410,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas make this is a must try!!!"" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i ordered it again today, sans gluten, and ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i ordered a pizza with mushrooms and spinach and it was delicious. they were more of a flavoring on the top note than the actual pizza itself. i ate my way through about 5 slices, which was a lot of food. i should have taken a picture so you could see the slice I gave to my boss, but i wasn't hungry at the time and didn't want to get my boss "
2411,5,Positive," This great service also happens to be one of my favorite things about using this place as a lunch/ dinner option.  all the other reviews I've read are underwhelming and just plain not that I'd go out of my way to try something new.  so when my husband said he'd love to try something different he knew he had me at heart.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and were immediately seated right away.  we were soon joined by 3 other patrons who were also very accommodating.  we were quickly joined by our friendly server who confirmed we were all set and headed back out the door.    while it's not coccia house, it is close enough that i can still taste the homemade mayo, and the regular "
2412,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. we also enjoyed the lightly charred parmesan that came with it. if you're ever in michigan do not pass up the chance to try their pizza, it is the real deal."" ""michigan pizza was a very good pizza, if you are ever in this area let us know you are headed our way.  we will definitely be back!"" ""done deal. rated high for pizza, very good pizza for a low price. steak and potatoes are good too, but the quality of the ingredients is better suited for a high end dining option.  highly recommended."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a "
2413,5,Positive," This great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
2414,5,Positive," This great service! customers always friendly and prompt even when ordering out! ""good thin crust pizza with high quality toppings and a reasonable price. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree.  the pizza was good but not outstanding. we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach and it was a nice change of pace from the usual pizza West Village style. we also ordered a side of sauce with grilled garlic bread and marinara sauce. the pizza was awesome but not too spicy. we got the arugula salad and it was a very light and delicious offering. we got dessert from the shake topper and it was very good. they use fresh fruit "
2415,5,Positive," This great service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
2416,5,Positive," This great service and you will have food court vibes from the get go.  super yummy pizza and salad, super crispy chicken tenders, and super fresh and delicious chicken congi all with giant slices of tomato salsa. who else sells you a homemade zucchini bread with hummus on top and baby carrots digging through the middle? what.  now i say pizza.  obviously.  there was no yogurt on this one.  no cesar aioli.  it was all pizza.  every bite was delicious.  i am normally more of a thick crust fan, but this was awesome.  i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it.  they added some hummus to it, and "
2417,5,Positive," This great service and the house made green pepperoni!  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the pepperoni i ordered. but i will definitely return and give them a try if i'm in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took me here while i was away for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i got a large slice with extra crispy hand-cut fries and a large salad for under $50 bucks and it was fantastic!  huge thanks to them! i definitely will be back and recommend it to everyone! i kid, i kid, "
2418,5,Positive," This great service and great pizzas makes you feel like royalty. i suggest driving an hour or so to get a feel for the area and the pizza joints. i would definitely return."" ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, service great, and pizza was fantastic!  we've found a new hangout!  can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have ordered from dominos, which is really gross.  streets of new york was introduced to us about a year ago.  we have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat.  "
2419,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. many thumbs up cbp!!!"" ""this is one of the better lunch spots in scottsdale. any salad and any pizza for a flat price (i think $9). very reasonable. great atmosphere, easy parking, fast service. so many salad and pizza options you will never get bored."" ""good hot dog, great fries and the best pizza puff in the state! we just ordered a few things but will be back for more."" just finished lunch.  the atmosphere was very relaxed.  the service was great and so was the food.  everything was amazing.  i had the arugula salad and it was delicious.  i had the fish sandwich and it was also very tasty. "
2420,5,Positive," This great service. always friendly and prompt. cleanup crew is always on call. always respectful and polite. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great because it has a sauce base that is vegan but still has plenty of taste. i went with the garlic cheese bread and just added chili flakes. the flavor is there. i thought it was a good go-to pizza when i made a beurre blanc, but add a few fresh herbs and it becomes a tasty side with "
2421,5,Positive," This great service and it's close to the sports bar so you can get a burger or two for a pretty penny.  note though, it's cash only so come prepared -- we recommend bringing a bottle of wine with you."" ""while walking by a few minutes ago, we noticed that a large sign marking the location of a great pizza place was already up.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it was quite apparent that the place was under construction, we continued to look at the menu that it had a link to.  it became apparent that the place was busy on sundays too, so we decided to call ahead to make sure they were "
2422,5,Positive," This great service and we got lucky tonight when our order was taken care of beforehand.  we were given a menu to go by and a friendly staff member took it from us.  excellent.  now on to the food!  everything on the menu is good, especially the pizzas.  i have had better pizza places that have only had limited sauce and few choices.  this one really stepped up their game and they really put their sauerkraut aside and made us feel welcome.   they also prepared a great gluten free pizza which we picked up and ate next time we come back.  i am definitely going to come back here and try some more!"" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for "
2423,5,Positive," This great service and all you want in colorful toppings. so perfect crayons and a giant slice of pizza that it's hard to find your own slice. can't wait to go back and try those! other than that, it's a great sport. leave the crust alone, and the toppings will set you back a couple grand less expensive ways.   if you're looking for a fun thing to do after dinner, grab a table and dine in on this abandoned pontoon dock.  there's plenty of space and the tables are lined up just under the arches.  i can't wait to go back and try those!    you really can't go wrong with the pizzas, and any small can be "
2424,5,Positive," This great service! Always friendly and quick driving. $5.95 gets you a large ny style slice with lots of toppings, pasta, and rice. i highly recommend this place for any type of college student looking for some good fresh pizza, at a fair price, and they seem to be warming up to this area."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact "
2425,5,Positive," This great service and great pizza. pushed to the curb by the pizzaiolo's behind the bar. tired on the job but still willing to go back again. fav. new york style thin crust pizza. all around a great experience."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star hawaiian pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza.  the one here is it.  the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies to "
2426,5,Positive," This great service, great pizza and the best pizza in the strip at a very modest price. all i asked for was a little extra cheese (i don't think they give it to everyone) and they delivered in under 10 seconds."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! "
2427,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a nice chew but is extremely fresh and tasty. they use fresh ingredients with classy decor and are a little funky at the counter but absolutely awesome when you walk in.   the slices are amazing - thick, thin, thin, medium, large. i especially love the meat lovers and antipasti. i crave them both!  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza "
2428,5,Positive," This fresh pizza quickly becomes a favorite for sharing, especially if you really want to impress your friends and family."" ""we ordered a polenta focaccia with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up service.  702-333-8000the pizza is ready by the time you order it.  if you want to be a little extra fancy you can ask "
2429,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is good, but not to the best in the strip. i recommend trying the more """"special"""" toppings instead.  today i ordered one of the specialties pizzas!!!  it was amazing!!!! i thought it would be a little pricey, but i was right!! it was very good!! i thought it would be hot when i got here, but it wasn't boiling.  it was very good!! i think i am a fan of this place and will be back.  the pizza was made fresh, tasty, and crust was perfect every time.  i ordered a pepperoni and salami, and i was happy with the order.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in "
2430,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a nice kick with sesame seeds and fresh herbs, and the serve it with a dollop of vegan cheese curds - all of which are homemade, of course!   fantastic pizza, amazing guy, and totally to die for. i will definitely return to this place. :)"" my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a vegan pizza with mains and a combo salad. the pizza was fantastic and they ended up giving us a huge slice of the pizza we just ordered! i loved that they were emphasizing the hummus and chickpea flour tortillas instead of the usual cornmeal and breadcrumbs. i will definitely come back to try some more!"" ""i "
2431,5,Positive," This fresh pizza melts in your mouth, you won't be able to stop eating it and you will thank me for it later on. the real star here is the pizza, it's delicious, fresh, and the employees are very friendly. they go above and beyond to make sure you are satisfied. you won't be disappointed if you are a fan of this place."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and "
2432,5,Positive," This fresh pizza dough is then pressed with fresh herbs, topped with baby pepperonis, sausages, and onions, and baked until golden brown. each pizza is then topped with mozzarella cheese, parmesan, and sesame seeds, and finally topped with fresh fruits and topped with more mozzarella. the batter is then cooled and placed back together. again and again, they come back! this is my new local go to spot for pizza! i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process."" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband "
2433,5,Positive, This fresh pizza and breadsticks with marinara sauce and sausages. super yummy!   so glad we found you! if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest easing into a slice of pepperoni with some of those white pizzas -- they're even better with the bacon and spinach.   but for some reason i can't help but think that maybe you don't like big slices of pizza... maybe because you don't think it tastes good cheese curds without the yummy sauce.   i definitely thought you might enjoy a slice of the white :)  or opt for the spinach pizza and/or the crispy chicken pizza instead. i think the crispy chicken is even better.  who doesn't 
2434,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is very flavorful, and the creamy sauce makes a good pizza crust. they also use fresh mozzarella which is great.  service is quick and friendly, and the atmosphere is great.   while seating 6 is a bit excessive for my taste, it is not very busy at all, and the tables are very comfortable even though they are highchairs."" ""i sat right away and was pleasantly surprised.  spacious and well-lit lounge with a cozy brick fireplace.  i was mostly interested in trying the gelato, which of course i did not try.  although it is listed as a gelato, it is really the antithesis of  italian-style thin crust pizzas.  hence the name.  "
2435,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was light and refreshing, with a crisp yet chewy crust. great on the go breakfast!  we also tried the 5"""" pork green chili pot pie, which of course was wonderful.  we wish we ended up getting to try that one, though.  we wish we ended up getting to try that one, either.  that pork green chili pot pie was absolutely delicious, and we all ate an enormous helping of garlic toast.    garlicky cheesy, almost garlic butter cheese.   and the garlic bread with hummus or hummus florentine, tomatoes, olives, and garlic.   my kids love their vegan pizza, especially the hummus.   if you end "
2436,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is covered with a thin layer of tomato sauce and then deep fried. the crust is then topped with fresh mozz and topped with mozzarella cheese. the results were incredible! i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.   the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i think i prefer thick crust to thin). the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust.   while it is cheaper and equally delicious, i would rather have a good gluten free, non-GMO pizza on my pizza night than go vegan.   we will continue to come back, and i will definitely tell "
2437,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you and i love and will happily eat both crusts alone. pizza is light and fresh, and the herb/garlic zest is amazing. i am not a big fan of using parmesan on the crust though, as it tends to burn.  if you are, i would highly recommend leaving it out altogether and going for real deal, white or gold.  parmesan is great on its own but just plain great on the crust.    the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too, and i highly recommend trying it as a topping for pizzas. it really is that good.  minus the cheese it gets even better.  minus the wait - it really is that good.    "
2438,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made from scratch with fresh ingredients! great on the go breakfast! lots of great options when it comes to toppings! it's fun to try something different and yummy! my couple did not like the taste of pepperoni they ordered. we will continue to go back! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with "
2439,5,Positive," This fresh pizza's cooked to perfection and the built a little zone to ourselves. we sat back and enjoyed the meal.   during warmer weather, this area would be a lovely place to dine in on a nice sunny day.   in my opinion, it deserves a pat on the back for its perceived effortlessness in shaking things up a little bit.   atmosphere: a little bit gritty, a little bit rough around the edges, but absolutely perfectly balanced between the haughty air of a Mediterranean restaurant and the laid back vibe of a retrofitted boat.   who knows, maybe we'll be back.   if you are in the mood to try something different, by all means, yummy! "
2440,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with great toppings and an amazing sauce makes it the best pizza i've ever had. they also make a really good chicken parm hoagie!   we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient server with our undecided group. also we loved the surprisingly good tasting white sauce on our pizzas!! everything was awesome!! the mozzarella appetizers and the extreme hot wings!! oh so good, fatty food!! we look forward to coming back!!"" ""yummmmm!  the atmosphere is so comfortable, i especially love the patio area where we like to enjoy a glass of wine and a couple of appetizers. "
2441,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and  complimentary salad is a great deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.   we both love their pizza and the crock pot makes it super simple to make pizza like you've never had it before.   we both want and need a good organic pizza, and this is the best organic pizza we have ever had! the dough was super soft and the sauce was  delicious! we both want and need a natural organic pizza, and this is the best natural organic pizza we have ever had! the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too.  it's the real deal.  everyone should try it.  pizza should be sold in whole wheat, too.  it's healthier, too. "
2442,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is the order of the day here, as evidenced by the sparse crowd that shows up for pizza unless its a party of 5+ and i just ordered 2 large pizzas for $7.50 each.   large pizza with toppings to spare: $13.50 cheaper option: just leave it out and eat it cold.   i also tried the mushroom pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions.  it was delicious, and left me with a healthy dose of sourdough starter.   i know it's weird.  but i really liked the crust and how it came out of the oven "
2443,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, great toppings and hot dressed and topped with meat sauce. they even gave me a spicy garlic bread dipping sauce for dipping.   all this will be great if you're looking for some good vegan pizza in the area and the pizza is good ny style. look out for the gluten free pizza as well. i think this would be a good place to go to after dark ny style pizza closes early."" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, if you like meat sauce and can handle the crud, then alexander's pizza is good for you "
2444,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was made fresh to order and arrived piping hot from the oven. they even gave me a little souvenir cheese grater while i waited. great place to eat after dark."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great "
2445,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that packs a tasty amount of nutrients to go with the moderate priced entree fare.   they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately endorse!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top) but i was mostly interested in trying the pizza because it's soo good! the pizza was delicious and they gave it a homemade "
2446,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is packed in with fresh toppings and the crust keeps a chewy consistency with a slight crunch. the dipping sauces are delicious and the toppings definitely have an impact. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food "
2447,5,Positive," This fresh pizza takes 10 minutes to make (about 5 minutes prep time), which is a good thing because it means you're eating quality, sustainable food.   my only complaint is that my pizza didn't taste even good cold for the next 3 days."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, crayons and a little play area in the corner with some toys and a chalkboard wall. "
2448,5,Positive," This fresh pizza on the strip is almost unmatched for its lack of product. Which is saying something since all the tables have ordered pizza.  after a long day at work, at a local pizza joint, or on ny style's stoop, being able to get away a slice of pizza at a small price is a great thing.   i can still taste the thin crust pizza from time to time, and the fresh herbs and spices in the dressing really help distinguish it.   the arugula salad was very tasty, albeit a touch greasy.  i definitely get a smile out of seeing my weekly ordered salad.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. "
2449,5,Positive," This fresh pizza eggs cooked perfectly with fresh mozz.  tried one of there baked subs and it was tasty too.(meatball sub)  had one of those ""when will this ever end"" type of conversations.   finally made a pizza visit today and was shocked by how busy and compacted everyone was.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the "
2450,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that really hits the spot with hints of garlic and fresh herbs.   they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree.  we both had the filleted sole pizza and it was delicious. we also had the chief among lawn chairs and the diavola pizza. the chief was delicious too, though i preferred the margherita over the chief.  the chairs are still slightly too plush for my liking, but they are still comfortable and do not detract much from the table seating.   we will continue to come back, and i will definitely tell all of your pizza-eaters to go ahead and order their pizza crust by "
2451,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and nice salad with extra crispy hand-cut fries and a dabble of soy sauce. very flavorful and not too greasy. excellent on the go breakfast! i really love this place."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they "
2452,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and delicious. they use fresh ingredients and a homemade sauce. i highly recommend! we also ordered a pizza cutter and some thinly sliced tomatoes. they were good too!  will definitely return."" ""this was my second time in the last few months meeting a friend for lunch at luciano garden restaurant.  it is not far from my home.  the restaurant was perfect for conversation, and very comfortable.  the pizza was fantastic and everyone on my crew loved the pizza.  we will be back."" ""email: [email protected] so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious "
2453,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was light and crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and perfectly melted cheese cheese.  there was no cheese filling, but rather whole pieces of cheese.  i was intrigued by the garlic bread dipping sauces, but experienced none of the symptoms depicted in the labeling.  the crust was thin, crisp and completely melted.  once the fries are cooked, they are still delicious.  however, i prefer fries seasoned with extra virgin olive oil and bbq sauce.  the bbq sauce gives it a nice charred taste, but i experience none of the burning that comes with raw bbq sauce.  once the pizza is cooked, there is ample cheese and sauce to go around.  i am not a "
2454,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  easy walking distance from every other pizza joint in town, yummy pizza and a great beer selection, rock on!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend "
2455,5,Positive," This fresh pizza slices with fresh mozz. and good toppings makes it the best pizza i ever had. they were even good cold for the next day! i think a little tourist trap might be a good name for a strip club."" ""wow. i don't often come to oregano's but i was extremely pleased to come here. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we shared the cotto with my veggie grub. it was so good! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza "
2456,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  no matter how fresh your pizza is, it will still be good!  fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff make this is a must go to!!! ""delete yo pizza"" is one of my favorite pizza places. they really go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  if you are ever in nellos, you should go to nellos. they really go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  if you are ever in nellos, you should go to nellos. ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular "
2457,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a perfect blend of cheese, tomato, basil and eggplant. they use fresh ingredients - no frozen or canned - and they cook it in your own pizza oven!  i flip through the mag if i'm hungry. they must have a lot of pizza oven left because they're having a barbecue tomorrow (7/24) at 7:00 with live music and a giant margarita pizza flame! i'm guessing it's because i flip through the magazine more than usual.  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna or pizza with pepperoni, sausage, onion and garlic. my favorite is the smoked bacon with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms and sweet potato.  the other one is my f "
2458,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a wonderful crust cooked to perfection and then scattered with fresh toppings. luigi's also does a great job of balancing flavor with a reasonable price. the only downside i experienced was that the glass of wine is small. i don't know what their pour is but it is the only thing not generously given. not served in a traditional stemmed glass, it was more like a small 1/2 full glass of fruit juice. but i went for the pizza, not the wine. also, short wait time. the pizza bakes in 90 seconds once it is in the oven. novanta means 90."" pizza is pretty good here. came in for a pizza at lunchtime place was pretty dead so didn't wait to long "
2459,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily   right there, it's the real deal, it's delicious, it's safe , it's convenient , it's supportive of local business  and it's a great conversation starter."" just finished lunch.  the atmosphere was casual.  i got a slice of pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! the slices are large and delicious.  i get along well with my husband.  on the pricey side, it is a great conversation starter."" ""great restaurant. great service. great pizzas. always good food. great beer on tap. friendly staff. friendly menu. price is very good, cheaper than most places."" ""guy's "
2460,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and fluffy, and the sauce is superb.  a perfect blend of crust, sauce, and cheeses.  a rare gem in this city with so many mediocre options.  try it out!  you won't be disappointed!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so are the fries! i truly love pizza hut! ""pizza hut is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the pizza is great and the hot dogs are great. good beer selection and the stromboli's are great too! twice a month for lunch and dinner and receive a hot hand of garlic bread and a slice of lemon! absolutely the most affordable dining option at "
2461,5,Positive," This fresh pizza but with quality toppings and an okay presentation.  how about we try some of their baked items...   ""i was recently in town and was able to eat an incredible pork green chili pot pie.  the staff was very accommodating and even though it's only $5, it was a great deal for such a small place.  i definitely recommend this place for your marijuana edibles needs."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. but this place is good, it's high quality pizza, and it's cheap.  that's what matters to me.  this place was great for a long time, and i'll be back.  the pizza was good, and all the food "
2462,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is handmade in your choice of pizza toppings and packed in special reduced fat cheese. fresh ingredients, high quality pizza that will please your pallette.   you will also want to consider a glass of wine or martini... my personal fav!   it's located across the street, which was a plus for me.  i definitely got a nicer view while walking though."" ""i definitely got a nicer view while walking though.  i'd really like to try it at a later date, though.  kevin h would definitely know."" ""what a wonderful find!  extremely fast service, great pizza and oh so many slices!  i have to say i haven't tried everything there.  that rice? "
2463,5,Positive," This fresh pizza means you can eat two slices and be full.   10 cheesesteaks, great on the go breakfast!  seven different kinds of meats, great on the go lunch!  five kinds of veggies, great on the go dinner!  everywhere you go there's a good pizza, at a fair price and they tend to be friendly."" ""first time today.  delivery guy came in 15mins before me so i guess that's ok.  pizza was delicious, hosed down with their spicy mayo and fresh mozzarella.  twice the price of a normal slice and i still got my pizza.  tenner for sure!"" ""my pizza was a perfect fit for the little boy we were having dinner with.  "
2464,5,Positive," This fresh pizza followed by a creamy sauce which provided a nice flavor boost. the flatbread was also delicious, though i preferred the crust to be a bit extra crispy. after that we talked about sandwiches, and he had me at margherita - which i enjoyed immensely. i definitely recommend this place when cooking for your family or party! i will definitely be back"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's "
2465,5,Positive," This fresh pizza takes up precious shelf space and needs to be organised to please!! perusing the menu above you'll notice that many products are made in-house.  this is a must for any fan of good pizza!!  we love the blackened chicken over pizza with spicy salami and spinach.  it's so much better than the chicken nuggets that we steer clear of all pizza places that just call it chicken.  we actually like this place better than kfc.   we also love the quebecois beef sandwich where you order the brisket, onions, and garlic rubbed with sea salt and pepper before being placed inside a large bowl of ricotta.  once you finish your salad you can take a spoon to the center "
2466,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and awesome hot buns are what makes a great sandwich. and this is good stuff. we got the new yorker half and halfed with the spartan pizza. steak bites, mushrooms, green pepper, onions and bacon cheesesteaks.  we really liked the """"throwback"""" pizza - smoked greek salad, olives, tomatoes, olives, and cucumbers.  there's a mint julep sauce base that also tastes great.  we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were shocked to learn that the restaurant was miles away, so we called to find out "
2467,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you order is prepared by the chef himself, has never been served here and is usually terrible.  so next time you order pizza be sure to ask if they would like a certain topping or combination of cheeses, salts, peppers, onions and/or diavola sauce.  if your pizza is good enough to eat on  try adding chicken.  if you really want to rock an overweight skinny jeans and a t-shirt and still look good doing it, you can always go the extra mile and order a professionally built pizza from a certain vendor's oven.  if you really want to be pretentious and eat the pizza you make yourself then you can always order from the restaurant.  unfortunately it seems that the owners of this "
2468,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with a great origin story, this pizza has a good flavor and they truly care about it. trust me when i say that i have not been here less EASILY.  i recommend the sausage."" ""suck it! i felt like a piece of meat after just one slice. i immediately knew i was going to love it. afterwards i picked through the garbage to see what was in there and was amazed by how much stuff was in there. some really creative recycling bins! i will definitely come back and try that stuff.  for now, it's time to hit up regular pizza for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   it's been my tradition ever "
2469,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and delicious homemade wings, this is pizza you can eat at home with your family and friends and it's absolutely the most affordable dining option at a local venue. it's fun, it's hip, it's delicious. i'm not crazy about the pepperoni but i'll still happily eat with the family i think it gives it a little bit of crunch. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was very tasty, i really enjoyed it.  i will highly recommend if you are a fan of good pizza."" ""we just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion., "
2470,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and the right amount of sauce will please your pallette and your dining partner.  we prefer a little more spice and herb, but taste free to arugula or spinach.    you will not be disappointed with this pizza, fragrant with herb and topped with baby pepperonis, artichoke hearts, and spinach.    you will have too much fun!  unwrap some fresh fruit!  mmmmm!    you will have an awesome pizza and for god's sake don't forget to ask for the spicy oil!  it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice."" ""one of the best slaw bars in old montreal.  really clean and super y "
2471,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there!  no other pizza joint in the area makes pizza this good!    every one needs to go here!<|endoftext|>+1 Pin Thank you so much! i've wanted to make this pizza since it was introduced and have been searching for a good gluten free pizza ever since. my only complaint is that i've had to wait even when i've ordered online and when i went to call today i heard the wait was almost 2 hours....wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks, but they were gone before the 2 hour mark.    the pizza was really, really good! i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but they also havein' it "
2472,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with toppings from scratch makes it fresh every time! we love the thin crust pizza and the mild pizza we have tried. they both have toppings that please our pallette.   we will continue to come back, but i would recommend the pizza imo."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, some wings, and the cheese curds.  the sauce was so good!  also, the service was great.  everyone was very friendly and prompt."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch "
2473,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, delivered in minutes, taste like nothing you have eaten before. we ate a large pepperoni and salami , it was delicious, and we became hungry after just one slice.  so, yes, we will definitely order from here again.   by the looks of the other reviews on yelp, i believe this place is around.  if you are ever in germannhause, you must go to this place.  it is safe, it is hip, it is trendy, it has awesome views, it has awesome pizza and it has amazing hot dogs."" super yummy pizza and salad  very friendly staff to us and the pizza we love yummy homemade mozzarella appetizers and amazing big cheese pizza "
2474,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly blended and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping. all of the ingredients were put to good use creating a mindblowing new york style pizza. we will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a pretty reasonable-kek pizza at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and get to know you. i would "
2475,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is great for sharing... and it's even better the next day!  we ordered the arugula pesto party pizza and the white pizza with spicy salami and sweet potato fries.  we both loved the food.    the salami was tasty and went well with the pizza.  we both needed to be taken out later that night.  we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for "
2476,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you order from the restaurant has a good amount of sauce, so you can expect to eat very, very, well. we experienced no such ill effects from the restaurant's attitude."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a.k.a. Little Italy, Chinatown, Laurel Canyon, River West, Little Tokyo, Little Italy, trendy.....anyone's covered?  b.k.a. ""the rest of yucca threepeat.""  c.k.a. ""the thin crust pizza.""  d.k.a. ""the new york style pizza.""  e.k.a. ""the thin crust pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion "
2477,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is dressed with sesame seeds, garlic, and sausages. the low-fat white with avocado oil and black olives is delicious too! we really love the white pizza with peppers, onions, and cornmeal on the toppings you prefer! we also love the thin crust chicken noodle soup with chicken and cornmeal on the top and alfredo noodles with cornmeal on the bottom!  noodles are pretty big, and  cornmeal is really fluffy, so you can really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers.   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade "
2478,5,Positive," This fresh pizza dough. A real go to when ordering pizza. great on the go breakfast food. smooth and creamy sweet crust mixed together with real fresh ingredients.  when my husband and i wanted to go a different route and ordered a pasta and sandwich instead, i joined them in a hurry!  they were great! the meatballs and breadsticks are indeed very tasty! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly "
2479,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there!  no one likes to eat undercooked pizza , so don't be fooled by the price tag. eat safe and call ahead to make sure they open by request.  we bakeshipped pizzas too!  they're even good cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not too greasy , perfect every time , i flip it around and eat it with avocado on it , it was delicious , the margarita pizza with sausage on it was also great "
2480,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you choose to share benefits from the simplicity of one pan pizza, and you can always opt to share under bed linen or in a cute little alley way. i do hope one day this cute little alleyscape of a strip develops a little deeper meaning beyond just being a fun bone to chew on after a long day's work."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i assume you don't mind me saying that?  my only comment is that i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, "
2481,5,Positive," This fresh pizza needs 20-30 minutes to perfect chew and mustard seeds. mine took longer than expected but all in all my pizza was good. i will highly recommend this place to anyone! trust me when i say that i have had the pizza delectable pizza más grande, the florentine pizza semolina, the to-go pizza o comida!, the to-go vegetarian pizza reggia!, the to-go gay pizza reggio!, the to-go vegan pizza semolina!, the pizza with hummus on it and sundried tomato vinaigrette - all of these are made from scratch! trust me, i am a fan!   i was expecting to eat just pizza, but they had a small "
2482,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and excellent thin crust service makes it the best pizza delivery i've had. they even wrapped it in tissue paper and gave it to me after delivery.  great gesture by the delivery guy.  no complaints! ""delicious pizza! i am a fan of this place and will be back. the thick crust pizza is awesome too! i love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  a win-win situation!  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. i got lucky enough to speak with the owner, jerry. he was very civil and friendly. we will "
2483,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and great service will please your every dine in.   i highly recommend streets of new york on east germann rd. as a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!"" ""this is based on a take out experience, so please do not expect to dine in there and have me stand by my review :)  we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we "
2484,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and 'ol yummy tangy tango sauce. absolutely perfect. great texture and flavor. we crave it all the more! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in "
2485,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made fresh each time we come. we also love the hot cookies and pizza's that come with them.  overall, great place to come for a quick meal.   we will be back!"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.   i won't go into all the details, but the pizzas are great. thin crust with high quality. real mozzarella cheese. great topped with powdered sugar and topped with fresh herbs.   all of the ingredients tasted great. i am a fan of the hot cookies too. they are a great "
2486,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made fresh to order - no frozen or canned - and the ingredients are fresh as well. fresh ingredients, high quality pizza and it's pretty affordable ply they deliver. tonight was my 1st time here and i'll be back - again and again. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party "
2487,5,Positive," This fresh pizza outfit has in my opinion one of the best pizza places in old montreal.  that means a lot when you order the whole pizza and they fold it into an 8oz. soft serve.   the owner and staff are very friendly and will go the extra mile to make sure you are satisfied.  on that note, i must say that i have always had pleasant experiences with the delivery people.  they always seem to be happy, and they usually come through on their end of the bargain.  if you don't like the pizza, great, but i definitely recommend trying it if you like thin crust pizza.  if you do like the pizza, i would definitely endorse a little sauce.  however, if you want to try "
2488,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, with dollops of tomato puree, is a tasty complement to some of the robustafarian dishes we enjoy.  the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too, and often is. the ratio of the ingredients is good, and it's a great side with some serious blue cheese too.   we will continue to come back, and can't wait to try some of the other delicious pizzas!"" ""the pizza was really good! they have a really nice selection when you order by the slice. they also have a nice selection of local craft beer, which is great for after dinner socializing."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on "
2489,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was light and fluffy, yet had a great flavor. they seem to doing a good follow up with this fresh pizza as the only other slice had more cheese on it.    we will continue to come back, but i would recommend the fresh pizza over the other one especially when the slices are this good."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""amazing savory pies!!!  the green chili gringo hand pie is ridiculous.  perfect flakey "
2490,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. fresh ingredients are used in all their baking and cooking. tasty toppings made with fresh ingredients. italian-style thin crust pizza, medium size cooking utensils, and a large salad. great for sharing some with a friend or family member. the meatballs are made with fresh mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes, and quinoa. they are then topped with bacon and topped with pepperoni. lastly, there is the pizza with pepperoni and olives. each one is great for its own right there.  we will continue to come back and try more! ""duck poutine pizza with spinach, tomatoes, and spinach cheese. very tasty pepperonis "
2491,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot brown pepper sauce are the perfect complimented by fresh mozzarella and to die for  adding chopped garlic for good measure of SENSITIVE.   when my boyfriend had asked if he meant to order takeout he said sure, so we did.  about 20 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i noticed that the menu had been updated and that the pizza was gone.  so i called to check and sure enough, the pizza was gone too!  honestly, i was a bit shocked by how quickly the pizza was done. maybe it was because i was at work, but i was surprised to see that the pizza was completely cooked and piping hot when i arrived.   so instead of "
2492,5,Positive," This fresh pizza got a nice dollop of cured pork with it's tomato sauce, garlic, and white wine vinegar. fresh mozzarella with tomato sauce, spinach, and grated parmesan. fried egg with hummus and feta. roasted egg with hummus and chickpeas.  each one was awesome! i can still taste the bacon and may as well have added bacon to every bite! i wish i could of taken a picture of the ham hocks and mustard greens. they were even more amazing. i would order those again.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken "
2493,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was light and crisp, with a touch of garlic and fresh herbs. they cook a lot of food at a time, so expect more from the kitchen.        other than that, it was pretty standard fare. they got the duck pizza, which was really good. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the actual ingredients, but trust me, you will know what you are getting when you look at the ingredients. the only thing i will say is that everything was great! yum yum yum!!!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue and a patio full of happy customers, the space is buzzing with activity.   i found myself having a lovely "
2494,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot buns added after the pizza is cooked is always good. they also give away are all the treats afterwards! i get the smallest pizza of any size and have eaten here countless times when i been eating clean.   the pineapple pizza is very good!  crispy hand rolled pork with spicy salami is delicious and these green chili gringo are complete opposites of the bland regular gringo.    the gluten free crust pizza is delicious too!  we need one more pizza and/or desert shop across the street and we can officially call this stretch of coronado bordering 7th street: the pie district."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it!  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas "
2495,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. fresh ingredients - lots of fresh ingredients, no fillers. awesome crusts and no overcooked ones. huge slices for reasonable prices. everything is homemade (except for the ranch dressing) and the flavors are amazing. i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza, anytime, anywhere. ""good pizza, great fries and the best nachos in the city. we went during the day, and the atmosphere was very casual. we walked by later that night and clearly people were hanging out - probably just coming out of a long day at work.    we ordered the cabana pizza and the food was so delicious! the margarita pizza was thick and "
2496,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients! trust me when i say i've tried every combination on the menu and they are good every time!  i've also tried many cuisines in the greater philadelphian cuisine scene and have yet to discover one which compares!  that authentic taste you crave? try a small or large size pizza and salad!  we both love thin crust pizzas but the milder styles are still delicious and the crust crispy.    the little ny style pizzas which come with hummus and sweet potato are very tasteful and tasty!  they are also very affordable, just a touch over $20 for a large and under $40 for a small!  delivery dude is a monster!!  highly "
2497,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is smeared with a blend of cheeses, spreads, and meats then tucked away in the middle is a nicely seasoned tomato sauce. it's amazing how much flavor develops as a result of aging in the oven.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these tomatoes from the center of the cluster. not all of them...but there are a few that make you sniffle something fierce."" ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the pizza was amazing and then we went back for pasta. seriously the service was wonderful and the food yum. "
2498,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is a must for any true fan of this kind of pizza. as a lover of the genre myself, i have no desire to go without this delicious treat.   i suggest anyone else who may be enjoying this style of pizza to give it a try, it is a unique and tasty product."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the high roller and got the garlic cheese bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...our first time there, all the food was amazing!  we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""i really enjoyed this place "
2499,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and flying pizza partied like crazy - it was summer camp meets hollywood.    it was also quite the experience, i fondly remember eating ribs with sausage and heart (real deal) and also trying the mushroom pizza with sausages, spinach, tomatoes and peas.  the crust was smeared with a sort of garlic oil spread, then the toppings and finished with a blend of cheeses. it was delicious. i scarfed down my six pack (which i think was more like eight slices) and a glass of red.  my only complaint is that i would like to come back and try those again.    it was a great day out, even if i wasn't sure what to expect. "
2500,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and right next to that a decent sized slice of town  pizza that will please your pallette.    after that we moved on to something more fitting for after a night of drinking.    within minutes we found ourselves back at our room after an early morning stroll through the underclassmen's club.   i can still taste the faintest hint of chipotle mayo from time to time, but overall it's a good place to go.   i'll be back."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and they really, really delivered. they were hot and fresh, and the "
2501,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has been seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly cooked and topped with baby pepperonis, all of which enhance the flavor of the freshly baked breadsticks.  the breadsticks themselves are very, very good! i am not crazy about all the condiments, but they are good and i crave them often."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building about a year ago and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs, so so so yummy!   the wings are good too! they are a little pricey "
2502,5,Positive," This fresh pizza there was no added toppings which was a bit odd as i expected. also, i appreciate a good fresh pizza, but the added toppings of cheese on top is just bland....boring. have to say i was intrigued by the """"cheesesteak"""" option, as it didn't contain any kind of pepperoni,  spicy or otherwise.  instead they give you a giant slice with no toppings and a simple salad. i thought this was cool, but wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza, its made perfect!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent "
2503,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is cooked to perfection and the sauce is on point.  we also enjoyed the chicken tenders and the crusts of which were made fresh.  we will definitely come back here.  the pizza was made from scratch and it was delicious.  we got lucky and got a table but it was still a great night out!"" ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the pizza was amazing and then we went back for pasta. seriously the service was wonderful and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we had wine, appetizers, salad and full entrees and the bill was ....wait for it....$48 bucks. whoohoo."" ""aw "
2504,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made fresh every time we walk in.  the gluten free crust is made fresh every time we eat a slice.  the tomato sauce is made fresh every time we use it.  all of the ingredients we add to the pizza are truly delicious.  at times, the pizza just needs a little something extra boost.  at other times, it needs to be made slightly thinner to spread the sauce over the crust.  at other times, it needs to have a little more sauce added to it.  at other times, it needs to be made even thinner to just barely cover the bottom of a glass of red.  at other times, it needs to be made even thinner to just barely scratch "
2505,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  they even made it spicy so I can't complain!! we ordered mushrooms pizza and they were good, but the real star here is the pizza!! they cook it in their own special style you get to choose (bq or vegan) and it was delicious!  also, they give half off on pizzas so that's a good deal!! i highly recommend this place for any pizza lover who enjoys good pizza!!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options ( "
2506,5,Positive, This fresh pizza bases makes it ready in less than 5 minutes and is loaded with quality toppings. our loaded fries are also delicious!  we often order a large slice of pizza to share as well as 5-6 small pizzas.  if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $9.99.  they surpising also have amazing homemade spread (my kids love it) which is amazing because it's made in house.  in 5 minutes my pizza has an awesome crust and is loaded with quality toppings.  i really want this place to succeed.  this location has been cursed by so 
2507,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot so good they almost taste like homemade, though they're a little heavier in the batter.  they come in a large bowl with a generous portion of toasted salami.  i prefer not to eat the whole bowl, but it's all i ordered and i ate most of it myself.  the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top.  when i say 'most of it myself', i really mean most of it.  the dressing was really tasty with a touch of garlic and sauerkraut.  i really want these guys to learn from their mistakes and try more authentic recipes from around here.  until then, i'll be sticking to the pizza that i made when i got here "
2508,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you mentionsto me being able to remember where i ordered from and i was correct! the crust was thin and perfect crispy crust cooked to perfection tahitian style with an amazing sauce. the topping were really tasty with half of it topped with pepperoni,  black olives, and sausages!  the other half had pepperoni,  onions,  and bacon!  to spice it up we asked for jalapeno on the side!  will definitely return."" ""this was my second time in the last few months meeting a friend for lunch at luciano garden restaurant.  it is not far from my home.  the restaurant was perfect for conversation, and very comfortable.  the pizza is "
2509,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with delicious toppings makes it the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel "
2510,5,Positive," This fresh pizza chains so rarely deliver that it has become an obsession for me.  having just returned from a 2 week vacation (hopefully i'll be back this summer!) my only other option was to head to the store and expect to waiters waiting for them outside, which was a bit surprising since they're supposed to be really nice.  if you're lucky you'll get a table already reserved, unless you order to go and then all hell will break loose.  unless you know you're lucky none of the tables will be occupied, and even then it's likely you won't be disappointed."" ""while i was eating there yesterday i ordered a pizza with pepperoni and sausage. my only complaint is that i wished they'd brought some with spinach "
2511,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, so so good! we ate a whole slice of pizza with veggies and heh heh we did not know that he added butter. we mashed the veggies together and it was delicious. it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it was delicious. we ate our cheese fries and there was more portion for the same price. was delicious.  the only reason i would give it a perfect 10 would have been if i could have tried it again. but, i have had many pizza parlors in my many visits here and i have no idea of the history or quality of the pizza they serve. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices "
2512,5,Positive," This fresh pizza on the strip requires a level of skill and attention to detail that few other restaurants in town can match. As such, we proudly offer tuesday, wednesday, and thursdays of course, at least for me."" ""we just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" ""this pizza was great.  pizza sauce makes a good pizza and this "
2513,5,Positive," This fresh pizza bases, covered in perfectly cooked tomato sauce, giving it a cheesy finish.   then they add dollops of thick fudge sauce, which they then pour over the top, simmered for a minute or two, and then the pizza is topped with mozzarella, provolone, and chopped tomatoes.  all of the toppings are perfectly blended together, and the pizza just tastes better as it sits."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yel "
2514,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is almost always good, especially if it's surrounded by fresh herbs and spices.   the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough). i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!   the toppings are really tasty: fresh ingredients combined with world-class presentation; it's a really worthy competition!!"" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say "
2515,5,Positive," This fresh pizza leaves a soft center, is flavorful and the flavors mix together to create a harmonious whole. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good pizza. right next to it is a brewery with beers on it's tap list, right next to it is a bowling alley, and across the street is a concert venue. i thought it was a good idea to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!  i'll be back!""  "
2516,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, melted cheese and parmesan is a must. the trio of spice is great too, but i prefer the milder option of the spicy salami and sausages."" super yummy pizza and salad, exactly what i was looking for! very friendly staff! will definitely be back for another pizza or two! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere "
2517,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that has been cooked to perfection is the epitome of deliciousness. once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.   i ordered the mushroom pizza and added chicken. it turned out great and was a great side with spinach. the crust was delicious, too. we really enjoyed the mushrooms and chicken...especially the chicken...i think it tastes better the next day after being warmed up a bit."" ""i was surprised to receive a free hot cookie this way. i thought it was only available during major events like this one. if you don't want to commit to a hot cookie, that is your prerogative but i highly recommend downloading the android app and trying it out for yourself.  "
2518,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and the sauce makes it just the right blend of cheeses, toppings and spices to go with the flavorful ingredients.   the crust is fluffy, buttery, slightly nutty and almost caramelized sugar.  add in some garlicky-sweet bbq sauce and... ummm, let me finish you off with a bit of garlic toast!  it's worked perfectly!  my only complaint is that I would like to order from a traditional stand-alone glass, but that would require a fee and i don't see myself that fond of a polite request."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or "
2519,5,Positive," This fresh pizza will please your pallette.  we both love deep dish and the crust does their job of simmering with fresh herbs and spices.   we both want and need a good organic option in the pizza aisle at dine in.  if you do not see organic, you can always return the favour and place an order for the organic upper crust.  i understand but i prefer it that way because it is the least expensive and the displays are better.  you must try their quattro formaggio pizza - it is absolute perfection!  asparagus is very good and the tangy tangy with each bite of the sweet crust.  add a splash of tomato sauce and they become even better!     "
2520,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and brand new equally grained cheese please!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i thought it would be cool to bring in the big 2013 with a little bit of nostalgia thrown in for good measure. pizza was amazing, maybe because i was warned against a little too much pepperoni? anyway, we got lucky and got a table with our very own cheese pizza, Marius. we had cheese pizza, wings, and a large salad helping us tone down the sweetness of the plain cheese. we ate an entire pizza at "
2521,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made fresh to order - no frozen - and the ingredients are fresh as well. they even gave me a measuring cup to take out of the oven. great place to eat after a night of drinking!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. we also "
2522,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, with home-made spicy sausage, delicious veggies and a handmade tomato sauce makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. it was even tasty the next day. it was a great family restaurant, and we will be back.    arcadia area is crazy busy on weekdays, so come prepared! we recommend the white pizzas, which are very good!  come prepared to order! the counter is always packed, and the waiters are very friendly.  if you get a table and you like pizza, you will have no problem finding a table!    i would also recommend the antipasti minto to start, it is so good!  they also offer a variety of bottled water "
2523,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and awesome hot fudge sundae were definitely on point. i scarfed down my two slices and will definitely order from here time and time again.  whenever i have a pizza craving and a slice of late night enough to bother me, i'll hop on a train and devour a slice.   but before i get on that gravy train i gotta tell ya...  this place is filthy great! first time trying it but will definitely be back! tons of fresh ingredients, good pressed sandwiches, and decent pizza. also having a beer on draft instead of bottle in here is a nice touch you don't see everywhere.  all the while, it's cluttered with junk food, but it's still good and "
2524,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and soft shell crab salads helped fuel a lively and potentially dangerous waitressing job fair.    tableside is fun, it's trendy, it's fun to talk to people there and it's a fun place to eat.    it had everything: a good slaw, a delicious crayon crudo topping, some great pizza, and the tagine bread we all loved.   on the menu: pizza, chicken tenders, and a generic meat lovers.   we ordered the generic meat lovers and the crayon crudo. the pizza was good, and everything was good, but we switched to the stylotto and ordered the pizza we really wanted to try: the italian beef "
2525,5,Positive," This fresh pizza from a lightly cooked pizza base. fresh toppings and amazing crust. they cook your cheese bread in your choice of® spicy salami, tomato, green pepper, and bacon. it's that good.  you can eat real pizza at its finest, but a touch of soggy crust and a dollop of the homemade feta topping makes it the perfect side.   it's also a great base for some really tasty pizza sauce, which you can also make your own.  you really can't go wrong with the pizzas, and any small can be done in whole wheat dough which is great if you wanna be a bit healthier. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they "
2526,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot buns will have you covered from the start.   we ended up getting lucky & getting a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza and a beer specially selected for each other!! we also each got a slice of the pizza!! all of the slices were large enough to share!!!   i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites of the night!  it has a great mushroom flavor and the crust is delicious!   the wedges are very good!  they are not too sweet or overly greasy!  i like a little more of a thin crust type of pizza, but these were definitely right up there with the great pizza i had in arcadia area! "
2527,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was light and delicious.  they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas.   my highlights were when the owner handed me a slice of pizza which was dripping with cheese and when i asked if i could pay for it he said no.  so i gave it back since i wasn't being served anymore slice.   they also have guacamole, which was really tasty.   i really want them to open another location down the street so i can eat my pizza there as well.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was "
2528,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!   i ordered the large cheese pizza and they delivered a large cheese pizza specially made for me!   i really got a bad wrap when ordering pizza from other sites, but this one really does their job.   the hot cookies are very good!   i really got just a plain old slice, but i'd still order it by the slice!   they were even giving me a little slice of the pizza finished off with hot cookies.   i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover looking for some good fresh pizza, at a fair price, and they seem to be a good local business as well."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not "
2529,5,Positive," This fresh pizza would be a perfect compliment to any hot new york style salad or complemented well by some crunchy pretzels.   the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, yet soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the "
2530,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with high quality ingredients is a must. plan ahead and select a good pizza when possible. authentic italian pizza with delicious toppings and an ok sauce makes you a winner. if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun.   you must try this!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some "
2531,5,Positive," This fresh pizza slices thinly and perfectly cooked tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms, and peppers. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe. good wine pairings. supportive staff. 98% positive would come back for another slice!"" ""the pizza was really good! they have thick crust pizza which is nice for sharing... and they also have the mild pizza you can try as an appetizer. i definitely recommend this place for your pizza craving!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria. and the monopoly machines are right outside "
2532,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that tastes fresh every time! they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking.""  "
2533,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is cooked to order and will also have hot peppers, onions and eggs. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!    the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! and their subs and pastas are great too, but the pizzas really do shine here.   if you get dessert, the cheesecake was always my favourite, and all desserts are made in-house.  note "
2534,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and low-sodium pizza will please your dinner table. any salad and any pizza for a very reasonable price. great for sharing...and just because you don't want to pay the full price for herbie's doesn't mean she's wrong for everybody.  everyone is welcome to try her pizza, but i highly recommend folks to go here for the pizza and mains."" ""fired yesterday, today i went to shop and got a fresh pizza with no extra toppings. very tasty pizza! i will definitely go here again.  we ordered mushroom pizza and it was a perfect blend of cheesy deliciousness and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!   i would definitely eat "
2535,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there. it has to be. we ordered a fresh fruit pizza and an excellent pistachio pie.  the pizza was surprisingly tasty. i am a huge fan of this style of pizza.  the ingredients are amazing.  fresh herbs, perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the pizza a delicious parfait with fresh goat cheese and spinach.  it is safe to say that this earth-friendly pizza has never been served in such a refined and decadent setting.  for my very first Earth Day celebration, we ordered a pizza with hummus on it and hummus sticks.  they were so good.    we loved the pizza.  also, we loved the relish.  the hum "
2536,5,Positive," This fresh pizza from the oven is to die for - especially since it's baked from scratch!   we ordered the arugula pizza and it was a perfect blend of fruit and veggie pie. they even gave us a smoothie sample while we waited.  next time we're in cleveland, we'll definitely stop back in. we might even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! i am a huge fan of mushroom pizza and all their "
2537,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and seasoned to go. add in some mushrooms and you have the perfect little miss ham/ cheese curds :) and then you can either take it home or eat it here. i highly recommend the ham/ cheese curds over the salad. the ham/ cheese curds are also very tasty.  you will have an awesome pizza, just tell them to buy the cheese curds from the restaurant and to bring some to the table. i highly recommend sharing one large with your table as it is quite possibly the best pizza i have ever had.   you will either love it or hate it. i have to say that whenever i go to a dinner party now that i am a parent, i always go with the welcoming "
2538,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and the right amount of salt makes it good for sharing... so do yourself a favor and try it.  you won't be disappointed."" ""the white pizza is a must for any true lover of good pizza. go ahead and make your reservation and celebrate with us yourself! the pizza is awesome too! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy... perfect for sharing with your table. we got lucky and got to try both the homemade and the regular crust pizza. i can't wait to go back and try it! i think the white pizza was even better than i remembered! my only complaint is that we didn't try the arugula salad or the roasted sweet potato salad. if you get to go today, i would definitely recommend going "
2539,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there in the plaza! every time we come here, we always leave with some great new pizza!  i would like to try that mushroom pizza!  it's delicious!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i recently visited this restaurant with my boyfriend and we were immediately struck by the ambience of the inside. we walked by later that night and clearly this is a great place for conversation.  we spoke with the owner, he was very genuine and concerned and conveyed to us that since my boyfriend and i were drinking we wouldn't want to hear it wasn't so.  therefore, i leave "
2540,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and the sauce is delicious. but it's the thin crust pizza that really set this place apart. thin crust pizza here is very practical - you want to be able to share one small, medium or large. our server today was a little casual but will definitely be back for another slice.   by the looks of the other reviews they don't do delivery or big orders well. so, i say if you want a quick bite while shopping, walking around coventry, or before a show this the place to go!"" this is the best pizza & pasta dishes at the lake by far. this place is the real deal starting with the new york atmosphere &  making you feel at home from the start. great food "
2541,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is packed with toppings from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. fresh ingredients on top of delicious toppings makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. it was even delicious the next day. it was fresh ingredients, good sauce, and no boxing gloves required! my only complaint is that they were out of some japanese-style noodles, so bear that in mind if you're looking for that.   all the other food i've had was good, but the pizza was just okay. i'll be back.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, "
2542,5,Positive," This fresh pizza followed by some lightly-seasoned parm and cheese, this gave it a homemade feeling and it was ready in less than 5 minutes.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, "
2543,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, fresh ingredients, and of course the centro petit frittatore is back in full swing.    i thought having the crust covered with pepperoni would be a bit weird, but it worked out perfectly. i didn't try it but i'm sure it has something to do with the fact that i ordered mine with whole pieces instead of being topped with pepperoni. i don't plan on trying it both ways, but i will say that i was quite pleased with the pizza once i saw what kind of pizza it was made with.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" this is the best pizza & pasta dishes at the lake by far. this place is the real deal starting with "
2544,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and cool beverages will have you coming back for more.  they also give away free hot peppers on hot days.  for appetizers come pre-selected veggies and meat combo.  for entrees fans, there is a 25 cent slice of pizza valued at $7.50.  tell me you didn't try those little pepperoni fries."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were "
2545,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is topped with dollops of spicy salami and fresh mozzarella cheese.  the crust is crispy and delicious.  featured below is a pizza that was very flavorful!  note that i said crispy and delicious as i ate the crust.  a steady stream of customers would walk in to pick up their pizzas.  thankfully, i don't have to walk away empty handed.    i would like to try some soggy crust pizza, but i think that would be overkill.    the pizza here is just good, honest.  it's safe, it's delicious, and it won't make you fat.  safe points for sure.  but you gotta try it, ya'll "
2546,5,Positive," This fresh pizza n sauce every way you like it. or you can just eat it plain. i go by the pizza and i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place "
2547,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there!    they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a "
2548,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made fresh and their breadsticks are fresh too!  great deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.   you must try the sausage."" ""sucks!!! totally sucks!!!! sucks that i can't change what i get regularly there. so good i get the same thing every time and some how taste better every time! will keep going back again and again. every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to "
2549,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, delivered in super yummy looking boxes. all the toppings you want to try is there - it just takes time to figure out what to order and how to portion it out between menu items.   at this point in time i can definitely say that i have not had a bad experience because i have ordered from several different pizza places.  that is true with most pizza places.  if you have never been here, i would definitely recommend coming here.  for those of you who are wondering no  i did not pay extra for delivery, i was just basing it off of other sites i have tried.    i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! "
2550,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is loaded with quality toppings and it is ready in less than 5 minutes. our takeout pizza was also quite tasty, if a touch salty.  we got lucky & got a table to dine in on tuesday as well.  we will be back to try that one more time."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a couple of entrees. the pizza was great and they were very generous with the toppings they gave us. we got lucky & got a table to eat here with our two young daughters. our waiter was very friendly & prompt.  we will definitely come back here!    this place has a lot going for it.  "
2551,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was "
2552,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is awesome as is. i typically eat one large pizza or two smaller pizzas. but when my husband had asked if i meant to say one large he said no, so i said alright, i guess i am not his type. anyway, my husband got his sausage and onions and we ate the rest! i got my tuna fish salad and my pizza fell apart, so i took it apart and cleaned it all up with a damp cloth. yummy! i can definitely still taste tomato sauce and garlic in my breath, and i am pretty certain my pizza doesn't have tomato sauce or garlic in it either.  all i ordered was pizza, but my husband had asked if i wanted to go a different route and i said sure, so they "
2553,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is lean and it's delicious. they also use fresh ingredients and the sauce is really tasty. the pizza is a go-to for after dinner conversation starters."" ""atmosphere is casual. most of the tables are occupied.  i hang out at this place a lot. it's not really in the spirit of uptown but it sure was a fun place to check out. i enjoyed talking to customers and learning about their lives."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic "
2554,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients! my favourite is the real deal, it's the real deal!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i "
2555,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there, indoors or outdoors. no one cares what temperature it is because it's their house.  so come prepared and leave hungry.  we did not want to overdo it with the toppings, so we asked if we could have half of the pizza with extra toppings (we did not want to overcharge) and they agreed. so after the gnocchi cheese with extra tomatoes, onions, and sage, we had a nice light lunch that was just right for us.    the pizzas were good, the meatballs were delicious, and we got lucky with the cheese we asked for.  we will definitely come back here! the owners were friendly and the pizza was made to order. "
2556,5,Positive," This fresh pizza means it's even better the next day, right? Well, maybe not exactly, but it gets the job done.    the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was tasty. i can't wait to try it without the tomato wedges... ; wtf.   we need to order more pizza! ;)"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. the restaurant was very clean but it felt a bit warm in here. i would recommend this place to my friends. we will be back to try their chicken pizza!  "
2557,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a nice kick with the sauce and the crust gives it a little crunch. the mixed cheese of the prosciutto and spinach leaves is delicious and helps it stay moist throughout the night. the wedges that come with the pizza is delicious and goes well with almost any salad. the homemade hummus is very good!   love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  environmentally sustainable means they use local ingredients and are responsible for their own food waste. -- I especially love their emphasis on local sourcing -- they use locally made, organic and local products.  socially conscious -- environmentally conscious means they use locally made, organic and local products.  environmentally conscious means they use "
2558,5,Positive," This fresh pizza slices are made fresh - no frozen nor canned!  every slice is made with fresh ingredients!  i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to be able to get a table, so i can't speak to their service, but it was a great place to end a long night of drinking and eating.  highly recommended!"" ""while margarita or pizza may be the closest you'll ever get to a real casino indoor drink, it's the closest you'll ever get to a real casino outdoor drink.  i dare anyone who says they've never had a casino indoor drink to tell me they haven't tried it.  for "
2559,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with quality toppings is a must. You must try it as nature intended, but a touch salty would be nice.   once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.   my pizza was delicious, though i preferred the pizza bakesupplemental which comes with three slices of tomato sauce, plus extra virgin olive oil.  i chose the mild pizza bakesupplemental while still having leftovers.  you must try the housemade green chili cheese bread, it's delicious!   also worthy of noting that they are consistent... which is probably the most important thing.  all told, my pizza =) we had the mild pizza bakesupplement "
2560,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  no other cheese sauce, no other types of sauce, no other types of sprinkles, no other kinds of nuts, seeds, or cooking soda. fresh ingredients, tasty crust and toppings. everything is made fresh! every bite is magical! it's amazing! i am totally addicted to this sauce and will most definitely be back! i mean, i bet i am more likely to drink from a chipped straw in my hand-selected local nyc area."" ""i absolutely love this sauce. i mean, it's so authentic, so authentic to the restaurants that i have been to. i would highly recommend it to anyone. the only problem is that i have eaten here many times and have never "
2561,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that has been cooked to perfection and is packed full of quality toppings makes it the best pizza i ever had. they add lots of cheese to it and it becomes a sandwich or a pasta dinner. they were also very prompt and courteous. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually buy boxed or packaged cookies, but these were good no matter what kind i ordered.  the center of the table had a giant slice of pizza that was just spicy pepperoni, and i consumed half of that while my male companion had a slice of pepperoni pizza that was just mild cheese. my mouth was watering from the mixture, and i should have taken a picture so you "
2562,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is smeared with a garlic oil spread + fresh herbs + tomatoes + mozzarella + parmesan cheese + fresh mozzarella halves + drizzled with bbq sauce + tahitian treats + fried garlic cloves - all topped with meat sauce + sesame seeds + shredded cheese - all topped with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.   at other times they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla. in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. thumbs up!"" ""loved the pizza. everyone on here is friendly. went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. went back "
2563,5,Positive," This fresh pizza did not have a taste of curried onion, garlic or chilli.  it had a perfect blend of the three. the blend was not overly sweet, buttery, or overly sour.  it had a perfect blend of tastes.  the pepperoni was not spicy or caramelized, but rather smooth and fresh.  the parmesan was not overly greasy, nor was it dry, nor was it burnt.  in short, the pizza was excellent! i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. "
2564,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you order from us is ready by the time it leaves our restaurant.  therefore, it is a must try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large ny style "
2565,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there!  great service.  everything is awesome!  on co-op, that is a whole different story altogether!  on this particular day, my boyfriend and i had  pizza,  salad,  pepperoni,  and cucumber.  we took out  our cell phones and  attempted to call for a pick-up.  no one picked up, so we called again.  thankfully, we picked up right away and were on our way to a nearby cafe when we heard this hilarious story.    i lived it!!!  i ate my way through that pizza,  added some grapes to it, and gave it a stir fry...all while keeping my mouth shut because i was "
2566,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there!  all i ordered was pizza, gyros, and a salad. the real star here is the gyros! they were amazing. crispy, yet not greasy, and loaded with falafel seeds, these guys were good. delicious and slightly nuttiest, they were a perfect match for sipping on a hot lunch.  you want to ask me out for dinner?  how about we go get some drinks here and talk shop?  i'll bet there's some dudes behind the bar who must really like men drinking."" ""we went for my birthday dinner. great pizza, great restaurant. gave me a hamburger bunsicle, pizza butter, and a large pepperoni slice. "
2567,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot buns, is what i expected and it was delicious!  they disappear into your mouth and you have to finish the pizza to be safe.  my bf did not like that i said i was pregnant... i will definitely tell everyone i know lol.  my husband did not like that i said i was hungry and he spat it all over the table.  my notes say i was generous with my comments but i remember thinking that was a nice touch.  hence the spatula.  i got to eat two slices of pepperoni pizza and a large slice of pepperoni pasta.  the slices were enormous and i love that they are still fresh.  the pasta was super yummy and i love the dessert bit.  "
2568,5,Positive," This fresh pizza followed by a creamy dressing is the perfect compliment to any delicious hot boba tea! i also tried the housemade spicy sausage pizza and of course that was delicious as well! it was hot and right on target!  great pizza and quick service.  amen to that and on that pizza will go! i will definitely eat here again and again!"" ""my family and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and by the looks of the reviews on yelp this seems like a good place to us.    we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing "
2569,5,Positive," This fresh pizza kabob is a must. in my opinion the best kabob shop in pittsburgh."" ""cheesy, perfectly baked pizza with amazing sauce. also lots of tasty toppings. it's located off lorain road closer to the sports book, which was a plus for me.  the flip side of that coin is very good pizza on the strip, and if you know you're getting a hot cookie for dessert, you owe it to yourself."" ""once upon a time there was a pizza place called l & b pie, and it was a go go on forever.  they had a great menu, and everything on it was delicious.  however, my boyfriend and i would rather have ordered a fresh mozz "
2570,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and amazing hot buns were the perfect complement to the soft serve of the great fries.  excellent and affordable takeout.  will definitely return."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.   will definitely be back for another slice, or three."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while "
2571,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and great service is always a plus for me.  always friendly and fast service.  excellent price/value on food and drinks.  do you know how difficult it is to get someone to talk to you if you don't already know them?  i would suggest this place to everyone! if you are ever in chicago, don't forget to stop by and try their pizza! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself! "
2572,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  I also tried the housemade spicy sausage and garlic bread, which was also tasty.  both the items came with plenty of toppings on them!  I'll be back to try those more closely resembling real life! ""I was craving cheezy fresh pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.  so i called ahead and they came through with the pizza we were having and it was delicious!  they brought some awesome pepperoni and parmesan pizza too!  wow!  thanks so much!"" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice.  i definitely will come back to this place. "" "
2573,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made from scratch every time we come to eat here. we also love the heavy cream cheese. lastly, be sure to leave room for the yummy strudel soup. it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during large weddings, because people are having a great time.  i don't why but i find this place very inviting.  after all, what's a bunch of people having a good time if they can't get in there and have a great pizza?    i recently went to their pizza """"rodizio"""" dinner, which was quite possibly the best pizza i have ever had. they "
2574,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you feed the homeless. my new york style pizza is delicious. they bring in the hot peppers and onions which is great. they also add some great shit to it. my new york style pizza is also delicious. the wedges are also good. so are the hot cookies. so are all the other things they have on here. i think it's pretty cool."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto "
2575,5,Positive," This fresh pizza sauce gives it a homemade feeling, combined with the right amount of spices, great on the go breakfast sandwiches or as a dip for chicken tenders. it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say i'm a sucker it. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best i've had from a """"fast casual"""" type of restaurant. let me say upon arrival of our first order "
2576,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you desire.  use the included diavola pasta ratio guide to see if you need to work extra hard to achieve a certain ratio.  in my case, I achieved a perfectly cooked 986 grams of carbs, 19.5 grams of protein, and 4 grams of butter.  although it may not look like it, the back of the box contains a handy prepackaged veggie burger batter, perfect for serving with hot fries and a slice of sourdough bread.  although it's cheaper to make your own hummus, i definitely recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little healthier.  also delicious with hummus on the bottom and tomato slices on the top!  my only complaint is that the hummus "
2577,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot wings - THAT is a winner! we both had appetizers and ended up having desserts instead.  i was a little skeptical at first but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews.    the homemade tiramisu was very tasty indeed, and i can still taste the hint of freshly baked cinnamon.   please, do not go here based on the other reviews.  there is simply too many other great restaurants within walking distance that have already been listed.  if you are still unsure, i would recommend going to the north end instead.  although i will definitely go back and try those pizzas.  they are indeed good."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a "
2578,5,Positive," This fresh pizza here is of excellent quality, preferably in-house-made. fresh ingredients, plenty of sauce, and a homemade crust cooked in your choice of tomato, egg, and garlic. the crust is delicious, too. we prefer the milder version (4 ingredients) to the smoky (6) to tomato (9). fresh herbs, toppers of choice, and pizza toppings of your choice.  you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. i recommend everyone try it."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. "
2579,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you can eat anytime of day, at almost any table size and most importantly you can have pizza you like and no one will mind.  that is what makes it so perfect for a restaurant.  we all know people who have avoided the restaurant because it's too noisy, too crowded or because it's too similar to a pizza shop in other parts of town.  but i'll bet a good pizza will make you go ""wow, that's nice and gourmet!!!"" i'll bet!!!"" i'll bet!!!"" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""award winning pizza, "
2580,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, and the right amount of sauce, is the key to a good pizza. too much and it's just greasy. too much and it becomes greasy. too much and it becomes soggy. too much and it becomes burnt.  too often in restaurants i've felt that too much sauce is necessary to get the exact amount of food we want. in this case, we wanted to try something new, so we asked if they had extra marinara sauce on hand. the honest answer was no, but they did add some to ours. i'll be back.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was "
2581,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and huge slices with no extra toppings counts as delicious right? well, yes and no.  i went to his pizza """"rodizio"""" yesterday, which is happening every thursday of this month. for those who still don't know what a rodizio is, i'm saving you a google search: you pay an amount and waiters keep bringing you food until you say you're full or you explode, whatever happens first.  i was expecting to eat just pizza, but they had a small pasta and salad buffet that was included in the price of $20/person. the lasagna was awesome - of course i didn't try everything because i was there for the pizza, after all.  i ordered a "
2582,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made fresh in house and has a great flavor. they also use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after "
2583,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is packaged in a fresh, ground and uncooked variety.   the crust is fluffy, mostly white but occasionally getting burnt.   i always ask for extra virgin olive oil (extra virgin helps too, i don't think anyone eats too much olives these days) and they always give it to me in a can.   at this point in my life i have eaten a lot of pizza and have never had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.   it has been my tradition ever since guys opened on coventry rd and the grog shop was across the street - that before a show i get a slice of pizza and a can of tahitian treat for under $50 bucks "
2584,5,Positive," This fresh pizza crust pairs perfectly with melted cheese and a dollop of spicy salami. the crunch of the freshly baked sausages combined with the salty crunch of the fresh mozzarella makes you want to throw up.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  i ordered my pizza sauce, which is what brought me to the table in the first place.  my pizza didn't have any, so i asked if i could pay extra for it.  my pizza was great, and i was set on having another one later that night.  my husband and i both love pizza, and we both want and need a good organic pizza "
2585,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you choose to eat with your left arm around your neck or with the remote control in your mouth, it's yours for the taking!  our pizza was amazing too!  a refreshing change from the usual pizza crust and toppings which were just boring... i thought.    anyway, i went back today and ordered one more pizza with my bf - and i was a bit surprised to see that their pizza is actually good!  i didn't know they had a remote so i ordered the pizza exclusively with my right arm around my neck!  to my delight and frustration, my pizza came with a slice of lime as well as several other toppings!  my bf had a different pizza with chicken and it also looked "
2586,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made right here in the USA! that is what matters to me. if you eat at a table help yourself to any 2 pizzas and a large salad. that is a very good deal!  I highly recommend sharing one small with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, grass fed prosaic satisfies even the tri best of pizza purists!    you must try this organic - it's amazing!    you must try this organic - it's amazing!   you must try this organic - it's amazing!   you must try this organic - it's amazing!   you must try this organic "
2587,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is cooked to perfection and the sauce is on point. the crust is delicious and the top notch consistency makes it delicious. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas.   if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest trying out their pizza buffet instead. it's great for warming up after a long day at the office job.   you really can't go wrong and the pizza is excellent - even when it's homemade."" ""my wife and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the tables were set up on the patio so we waited for it to get moved. about 10 minutes after it "
2588,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was light and crisp, and it looked yummy piping hot from the oven. salads were generous and very tasty with a generous portion of olives, and the mediterranean pizza with spicy salami was a definite go-to choice for a vegas summer.   service was also prompt and friendly, and the atmosphere and food was great.   cannot wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and some hot buns (i don't know that they were gluten free but they seemed to be made with hummus instead of wheat flour) and we also ordered a gluten "
2589,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is exactly what it says it is: fresh, tasty, and no-bake pizza. they even gave me a little crust to munch on while i waited.  definitely going to go back and try that pizza again!    it was very tasty pizza, and i did notice that some of the garlic bread was bit tough but all of it was good.  that's what matters to me.  if you don't like fresh pizza then fine, but i wouldn't characterize it as bad."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always "
2590,5,Positive," This fresh pizza there was loads of cheese!  i loved it!  fresh ingredients, good bartens and bad ass security guards! must endorse!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) in 2003 when i was at university so i can you that not only is the food delicious, this is a lovely family restaurant that treats its staff very well.   i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amelia's with the daughter at the helm! i love supporting local companies and this "
2591,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is like you're at a pizza parlor, it's packed and ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrives.  we picked the white pizza and it was a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses.  delicious. we also tried the gorgonzola pie with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and spinach watercress, and it was delicious.  smell the fresh basil and spinach!  it's not coccia house, but what is."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i "
2592,5,Positive," This fresh pizza simply melts into yummy goodness. we prefer fresh mozz atleast until we open tonight.  you must try this pizza! we both love meat lovers and the turkey sub is superb!   it's near grog shop on the linq promenade.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and glass of wine with our 2nd order. excellent. waited no less than 5 minutes."" ""we ordered arugula pizzas, the 5-cheese pizza and a large salad. the arugula was very fragrant and the flavors was very good. we "
2593,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot wings is a great start.  we also tried the bruschetta appetizer, which was quite good.    we wish we had something like this restaurant near us so we could try some unusual combinations of pizza and wings.  we will continue to come back, but i would recommend the pizza and wings rather than the other way around."" ""we ordered a gluten free pizza and a vegan pizza with hummus on it. the pizza was fantastic and they really pushed the envelope of what a pizza should be. we got lucky to try their chilis... yum!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are also tasty. it was the breakfast "
2594,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is then baked for you to munch on later. not all the food is created equal and some of it really needs to be shared.  if you're ever in pittsburgh, definitely give piola's a whirl!  if you're looking for some tasty local pizza, try one of the many great pizza parlors in the area. just east of p79 on fremont is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had: thin crust, awesome toppings, and a perfectly formed pizza.   south of p79 on fremont is also a great place to get together with friends and eat some great pizza.  prominent among these is the real deal, it's the real deal.""  "
2595,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, so glad we did! the crust was thin and perfect, and the sauce really put a dent in the """"wow wow wow!"""""" factor.   we ordered a large cheese pizza and an order of bread with spinach. the cheese was smeared with a sort of garlic-sauce, and then the slices were rolled in a kind of tomato sauce. when we came back out of the oven, the pizza was completely cooked through and we got a slice of the uncooked cheese.   we want to give danny boys a try, too! we just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really? orally I thought it was great, but when i walked in a few minutes after ordering "
2596,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and small salad is a great start. try adding in some grilled chicken or beef if you must. it really doesn't matter as long as you eat healthy.   also serve up some of those tasty vegan cheese curds we all love. they're real, they're legit, and it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp and i was correct. today i ordered the pizza wars (rodizio pizza, that is) alongside with the usual mr. cheese (i don't know why all the fuss is makes me uncomfortable) and boy were the flavors there. the crust was flavorful, the toppings tasty, and the pizza "
2597,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is very good. we highly recommend this place for any pizza craving!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta were superb.  "
2598,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that's cooked to perfection and has a good flavor. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a "
2599,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot wings. damn. next time i'm walking by and seeing how young the pizza is getting, i'll definitely stop back in.  ciao, yummy tango!"" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmm and do not forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the diavola pizza with "
2600,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is flavourful, it is fresh and it is packed full of tasty toppings. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is pretty affordable ply they give away is when you walk in to pick up your pizza.  so next time you are in pittsburgh, you should definitely stop by and try their pizza. :)"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints "
2601,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you purchase in bulk is usually good, though it will not be perfect every time.  try to save some and munch on others while you're at it.  prices are decent, too.  probably the best pizza i ever had.  yum!"" ""i am a big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. the pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crust "
2602,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and gigantic slices of garlic bread decorate this plaza-adjacent eatery.  it's packed during the weekend, so please don't expect to dine in and leave empty handed.  i suggest splitting the bill between yourselves and purchasing the whole pizza (which you can make an awesome wrap with!)  assuming you want to save some money, you can always get a table over night and mingle afterwards.  i would definitely visit again and am sure you will enjoy the food as much i do!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i love social "
2603,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is cooked to order - no frozen crusts nor canned sauce. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff! what more could you possibly want."" ""we ordered a few things to share.  we were a little skeptical when my husband said he only had pepperoni, but once i pointed it out he only had parmesan which was disappointing.  i got to try a few items off of the menu that wasn't completely terrible.  my husband said he loved the pizza and that he was stoked to have a female manager.    tldr:  we need a good organic pizza.  i got to try a few items off of the pizza that weren't totally horrible.  i got to try a few things "
2604,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that tastes even better the next day. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas.  if you walk in to pick up your pizza you will have it within minutes, these are fresh and your pizza will be ready by the time you get there.  my pizza was good, maybe not the best pizza ever but it was still good!  one of the best pizza i ever had and the customers seem to really enjoy their pizza.  can't wait to order from them this Saturday."" ""i can't believe this is our family spot!  i was surprised at how many people showed up for our wedding.  we ordered a pizza with mushrooms and spinach and they delivered 4 of "
2605,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and amazing ketchup and mustard. food is awesome. ""duck poutine pizza. of course, that is what everyone is talking about. i'm still thinking about it the next day. it's one of those dishes that is perfect for the great white north. the kind of food you need to fatten up before the great hibernation. if bears could, they would order the duck poutine pizza before they slept for the winter. and after a lunch of this pizza i needed a nap. it's definitely worth a trip to bannock to eat this deliciousness especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? "
2606,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and good sauce will set you back $9.99 but it is the taste of pizza you will leave wanting more.  a small salad for under $10 and it is great any time of the day!  i have leftovers the next day and will be back to have more (if liver is any indication, i'm sure there will be leftovers).  my husband has also had no problem returning to try the pizza again.  if you are ever in seattle, you must go to mr. pizza's!  i will definitely be back, even if my husband is a bit older."" ""mr. pizza's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the real deal though, "
2607,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there,"" tweeted one user. ""love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  pizza is environmentally sustainable as well -- they use locally roasted tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions.  a lot of environmentally sustainable restaurants don't realize they have so many resources -- they spend a lot of time highlighting sustainability, which is important.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes -- these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  it was delicious and the service was wonderful.  i highly recommend this place -- but be warned!"" ""yummmmm!  environmentally sustainable, environmentally conscious, environmentally "
2608,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and tough but delicious romesco sauce makes it the best pizza i ever had. it was even tasty the next day.  they also make a really tasty gluten free crust with hummus on top! i would totally eat both!  all of the ingredients tasted really good and i will definitely come back here! i might even eat dinner here tonight because i heard it was so great!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in las vegas! so so so so fresh and so yummy! we order a gluten free mushroom pizza and an entree menu item. the pizza is awesome (ricotta? !)) it's so fresh and so delicious! we really got just a plain pizza, but there was more to it. some "
2609,5,Positive," This fresh pizza guides with a delightful sweet potato pie diavola is what makes this place so unique. each slice is unique and must be tried. if you're looking for some tasty nu mezcua sandwiches just give them a try. i definitely recommend you do some shopping in progress as there is normally some free event taking place prior to the show."" ""while shopping in the strip this past weekend, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably "
2610,5,Positive," This fresh pizza dough is cut into thin rounds and then rolled in a pillow of butter. Then the cheese curds are sautéed with fresh herbs and topped with baby pepperonis. Finally, the pizza is baked in a pizza oven with garlic bread and tomatoes.   fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff make this is a great place for any occasion.  we will be back"" ""yummmmm!  the atmosphere is so comfortable, i especially love the patio area where we like to enjoy a glass of wine and a couple of appetizers. the food is excellent especially the pizza and i think its hard to find good pizza!! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :) "
2611,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, made with fresh ingredients! my new york style pizza is delicious! also, they deliver in my area. ""delicious pizza! i had a custom pizza of the sea, and wow was it tasty. it was rich and flavorful, and the sauce was great. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to "
2612,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and nice light batter makes it a great snack before a show. we both love their pizza and the staff is friendly as well.  highly recommend!  but ask for the homemade mozzarella cheese grits, which are even better! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely "
2613,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is a must. i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it sets more nicely with a few spoonfuls of sauce. your share will be determined by how full you are.  i recommend trying the large - it's amazing!"" ""my deliverer was fast and nice. this is the best pizza i have ever had. fresh ingredients, big slices and the best crust and toppings. they make you wait until you are almost there to place your order otherwise you will get a weird looking order.  i recommend people to stop by and try their pizza. you will thank me."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i "
2614,5,Positive," This fresh pizza armigosa, quattro formaggio, and spicy salami? What's not to love about this place.    today i ordered one of the lunch items and i thought it was a keeper.  it was not.  i moved on to the dinner portion and although the pizza was not bad, i did not try it.    i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made perfect, the eggplant florentine is amazing, and the garlic bread is made fresh!    it has been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i did not have the best experience that time around, i must say that i have to agree that they are "
2615,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, great ketchup and hot peppers, all topped with baby pepperonis and fresh mozz. tahitians are so good! we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizzas. we loved the mediterranean pizza! we also had the new york, meat-eaters, vegetarian, hawaiian, and a special one with pesto, feta, and sliced tomatoes. each one was great! we ate our fill and had plenty left to save and munch on later. the service was superlative. i highly recommend streets of new york on east germann rd. as a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!""  "
2616,5,Positive," This fresh pizza dough creates a delicious crust that is not overly oily with every bite. fresh ingredients and awesome sauce make you a winner. try some of the specialty pizzas as well. you won't be disappointed!"" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. great pizza and happy hour deals. also they have really good thin crust pizza ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was "
2617,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that will please your pallette.  the men are friendly and prompt even when pizzaiolo is closed.  definitely a must go to!!! ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  so you open the door and asked if you could come in? what a dumbfounded expression on your face. you would have to me believe i didn't see this place coming. until you open the fridge there was no doubt this was a great dish. after all, there was no doubt this was going to be a hit! you would have thought i would have noticed since some of the reviews are better than some "
2618,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  a wonderful touch that distinguishes them is their use of fresh ingredients!  when I arrived my pizza was hot on arrival and carefully prepared with fresh toppings and a chipotle pesto.  they use ground turkey in their pizza and I was pleasantly surprised it wasn't heavily seasoned with pepper.  time will tell if I will continue to eat here.  if you are ever in nellos, you must go to johnnys!  i will confidently say that you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you got damn lucky!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the "
2619,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was made daily  right there. it was fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it was covered with a delicious homemade mascarpone cheese. they even gave it a homemade walnuts crunch. who on earth would eat that and still love the pizza? i can't remember ever having ordered pizza from them and i can't wait to try it.   if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  unless you know you are getting picked for a wedding, you will have to order from the restaurant.  i would highly recommend ordering from their wedding menu instead."" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles "
2620,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients! not too many allergens and they are all homemade! the dough was made from scratch! the blackened onions are delicious and so is the garlic bread with garlic balls! every bite is important! for my blood pressure this is the best pizza i have ever had! it is clean and comfortable and the owners are super friendly!!! will definitely be back !"" ""the pizza was really good! they have a really nice selection of pizza's that they seem to liking. they also have a really nice variety of beers that they seem to enjoy.  all in all my favorite place to eat when shopping! what more can you ask for?"" ""we found this place by doing a search on yel "
2621,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there!  i love thick crust pizza and this is half of the thick crust pizza i order here.  the other half is very light and i order them separately.  in my many reviews i have not once criticized this place for not having a proper crust or for not having a proper sauce.  all of the pizza i eat here is made perfect every time I eat there.  no one here should ever have to go hungry because they are a regular at this pizza joint.  if you are ever in michigan do not be put off by the long wait times or the expensive sodas.  you must try this place as nature intended, but a great hack from my fave pizza joint is to just "
2622,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and nice big slices will please your pallette.  we did notice that the pizza crust was a little on the rich side, hence the suggestion of increasing the cheese .  my advice is to try it both ways, it's delicious either way.  my pizza always seems to be a touchier the farther you go up the pizza chain.  pizza joints down below have it even easier, as they only cost a fraction of what it does up top.  10 minutes from the strip in the plaza is pretty awesome, actually."" ""down the street from the sports book is a surprisingly nice spot to get away a slice of pizza and a beer for under $20.  if you want to get really fancy, you could just eat at "
2623,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that looks delicious and is packed full of fresh ingredients. is it?  let me tell you its not.  there was no dressing...just some great fresh spinach, tomatoes and mozzarella.  tableside is a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  i highly recommend tableside over ivorystone for that reason alone!"" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh "
2624,5,Positive," This fresh pizza did not suffer terribly when placed in the microwave.  the crust is delicious, too.  however, the thin crust pizza I ordered had too much cheese on it causing it to be hard to fold.  instead of grossing money on layers of crust, I would much rather order the pizza I enjoy the best and am most likely to be happy with.    healthily, the place is fun and has some eclectic decor.  if you are looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno... but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun.  which is kind of gross."" by far my favorite pizza in "
2625,5,Positive," This fresh pizza crust with marinara sauce and sesame seeds all over it. fresh toppings to go along with some seriously good pizza. they even gave me a skinny little pepperoni slice to go with my regular sized pizza. who on earth would think this would be a hit with so many people eating here? i will definitely return because i think its a really good pizza. but if you need to spice up a boring boring boring pizza with something interesting, venturing out onto the plaza is a great place to go.   if you just want to pick your own pizza, there is a 1/2 pizza 6 toppings limit,  i suggest splitting that between yourselves.  if you want to try something different, i would definitely recommend a "
2626,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and incredibly, you guessed it, super yummy!  sauce made it even better, enhancing it with all the right toppings making it a perfect deep dish, it was delicious!  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course was awesome too!  but i preferred the white :)  you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you gonna do that?  you can build me a pizza or something.  i am a fan and i will most definitely be back."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i "
2627,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is less of a pizza and more of a blend of cheeses, sauces and toppings.)  i love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices. (They also use local ingredients extensively when it comes to mac and cheese, which is a plus for me.)  but the emphasis on the environmentally sustainable really stands out here.  the pizza is made fresh every time we order and the only plastic wrap or salad we eat is from the super-fresh carton that comes with it.  so, yes, there may be some klutziness involved, but i guarantee you it's the eco-friendly, locally made pizza you're looking for.   i "
2628,5,Positive," This fresh pizza will please your pallette.  best new york pizza... i've not tried it in person but it is delicious and should be a staple!  the meatballs and sauces are so full of flavor.   i crave it all the time.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we love the theme of oregano's. super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and just me and my husband at times and nothing compares to real italian pizza. realtroitorentine pizza was equally yummy "
2629,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, then some hot buns and a huge slice of lime. after that it was down to buns, margarita pizza and cheese pizza - all of which i consumed in one sitting!  i must say that all of the food was superb.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i would order that again.  everything was excellent.  i'll definitely return.  kudos to you."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in "
2630,5,Positive," This fresh pizza just like you and i are looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, we stick to pizza that has already been cooked and is ready to go.  we also try to go as vegan as possible, but that doesn't mean we can't still enjoy some of the classic pizza styles!  all of the food is made fresh and always hot, so do be aware of that!  we will continue to go back and try different pizza's!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love gray pizza, and went with the white for lunch.  it was pretty filling up, so i ate my fill and "
2631,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and delicious. they make it right there is a line outside the door-ish. we waited just over ten minutes to be walking by and we were not turned away.   we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. ""so all the round table pizza chains in vegas shut down and removed their signs so we had to make our own.  we arrived "
2632,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and filling, and the crust keeps a chewy consistency with a slight crunch. the toppings come from fresh ingredients and you can customize your pizza by asking for extra hot or cold fresh toppings. be sure to ask when ordering if you want to be eligible to be given a golden crust or non-fat plain cheese.  below is a picture of the pizza we ordered, fettuccine alfredo and seitan.  we wanted to go a different route and ordered a pasta and sandwich instead. the wait time on the pizza was not a negative strike to us - we knew hand making a pizza from scratch takes time and we were more interested in the other dishes anyways. I will definitely order from here again and i "
2633,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, with toppings that are homemade, is the definition of delicious. we both love their pizza, and it's a great value with the coupon.   will definitely be back for another slice!"" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the pizza is good, the salads are solid, the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say i'm a sucker it. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best i've had from a """"fast casual"""" type of restaurant.  i definitely recommend sauce if you're looking for something fairly "
2634,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a creamy sauce that gives it a delicious pizza-like consistency. they also use fresh mozzarella which is great because it's harder to get molds to produce good pizza. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i think of it as margherita with more like cooked pepperoni) which i enjoy tremendously.  the special sauce used to make it spicy is also nice and gives it that unique sauce-like flavor. again, all of the ingredients taste good, and everything is good. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, "
2635,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with real cheese and herbs, it is the real deal. it is the real deal!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eat in, try one of the many pizza varieties, or dine in and admire the decor and think it over.   when my boyfriend and i first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a party of 5+ - for just me and my boyfriend we were sat right away. large families/parties need to realize that places that "
2636,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you can eat with anyone, anytime, anywhere! i think that is so awesome!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) in 2003 when i was at university so i can you that not only is the food delicious, this is a lovely family restaurant that treats its staff very well.   i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amelia's with the daughter at the helm, how wonderful to see this awesome family business continue past its 30th year! i love "
2637,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  they even used fresh ingredients when making my pizza lighter so yummy!  great place to eat after a night of drinking!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern "
2638,5,Positive," This fresh pizza,"" she said with a smile. ""they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it has a few dollops.    i got a slice of the pizza that they were making, and it was awesome. it was spicy, and quite good. i really needs to come back and try that one. i think though, the place could use some natural lighting, it is very dim inside."" ""inside is a small place that sells cheap pizza. inside is a covered table area with some bubble tea and soft serve in it. outside is a large patio area with a few covered tables and a large screen TV. inside is a small bar with a few tall bottles "
2639,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and equally, equally, as good of a beer as you can get in this part of brew n country. we got lucky & ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,, ""delicious pizza! i really got just a normal pizza, but everything was amazing! the garlic bread, the hummus, the hummus pieces, the hummus base, the hummus top, the hummus crust, the hummus sides, the feta, the paratha, the vega, the raita, the roti, and the yogurt. i really got just a normal pizza, but everything was amazing! the garlic bread, the hummus, the hummus pieces, the hummus base, the hummus crust "
2640,5,Positive," This fresh pizza lies gently on a lightly oiled baking sheet, cooked until fork tender and then topped with baby pepperonis, sausage, tomato and sweet white onions.  notes on the garlic bread - it tastes totally awesome! we ate several portions of this pizza alone and it was a great lunch option for after dinner conversation.   we will continue to come back and try more!"" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too "
2641,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, melted cheese and parmesan. the meatballs and sauces were very tasty, i like a little bit of spice.  fresh fruit, of course.  quick service, even though there is plenty of space.  loved this place! go there immediately!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are also tasty. it was fresh ingredients all around a great experience.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has "
2642,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and cool beverages pair particularly well with a refreshing slice of summer sunshine.  as i watch tv, my brain begins to race with regards to what kind of pizzas to serve.  fortunately, i am a pizza enthusiast first and a soda drinker second; both of which allow me to excel at other endeavors.  a slice of late night pizza would be cool too, but i'll happily tuck away a slice for later and munch on that delicious crust while i'm up for some pizza.    pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious "
2643,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is smeared with a famous variety of tomato sauce, then deep fried until golden brown and topped with baby pepperonis, all while being whisked gently with a harmonious blend of cheeses. it's unruly delicious, and you can always make it better by adding more fresh ingredients.   at its core, tsukukku is a classic bar-style pizza, complete with classic sauerkraut and mustard on the side - all while serving up some seriously awesome beer flight.  note that this isn't your traditional pizza, either: this is no ordinary slice, it's a must-try if you're in the mood to try something different.   you must try this!"" ""i was amazed "
2644,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it is the real deal! fresh ingredients on top of great crust makes it the real deal. it is the real deal when it comes to food! at other restaurants you will often see pizza that has been frozen or otherwise compromised. this is not the case here. every bite of pizza is real and it is the closest thing you will have to real pizza...ever!  at other restaurants you will often see items that are simply labeled as pizza, hmmm...what may or may not be real is completely irrelevant. at this restaurant, however, it is all we ever ordered and we will continue to come back!    we will continue to come back and try many "
2645,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that has been stripped of its tomato sauce and spices.  this is what makes a good sandwich, what with the sauerkraut and mustard on the side and the crunchy toppings combined with the fresh ingredients and the right amount of salt and pepper.  this new york style pizza is equally good, if not better, at its own right.  we chose the housemade spicy sausage and mushroom pizza and the arugula salad.    we both loved the food.  crisp, fresh, tasty food.  we were not disappointed."" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and i think it was a winner!  the buns "
2646,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is a must.  place needs to open an outpost near campus next time around."" ""it's not the prettiest place to eat, or to get together with friends and eat dinner.  it's the pizza!  that means great crust, right down to the topping crunch.  got to getting pizza abt 17th with my twinkie buns in one hand and a pizza in the other.  it's a must go to!!!  i bet there's more to come  from this awesome kid's pizza place!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the "
2647,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that is sure to please your pallette.  alright, so after driving to their location on mc gill rd and lorain road and parking at the curb, we decided to get a table rather than wait for a table that never came up.  given that some seem to be open later than others, we'll definitely be back.  if you're looking for some good pizza, try a slice of their big apple pizza - it's delicious too."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us "
2648,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot buns! yummy fries, awesome sauce, and they really do taste great!  note: large group pricing is $7.50 per person, per pizza. i strongly suggest people to just try it if they like thin crust pizza.  i definitely recommend sharing one small, medium, or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.  also note that many of the items that i listed are still fresh and your pizza will still be amazing without the added toppings of mozzarella cheese, sausage, and onion.  I definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover and small group that appreciates great pizza."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day "
2649,5,Positive," This fresh pizza leaves you feeling great afterwards, plus the crust keeps a chewy consistency that you can ignore if you're squeamish but if you want to be a bit healthier just skip the crust and cheese.   after that i recommend grabbing a slice of their white pizza - soft white with extra virgin olive oil, sausages, and sweet potato fries.  once you order your slice you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  you want to say you've had it all? then maybe try a slice of their white pizza bundt cake... but i doubt that you'd be disappointed."" ""kitchen implements are very minimalistic, sleek and modern "
2650,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, this would have been a $5 item, but it was tasty cold, hot, and fresh.   service was bland... not rude...but never smiled.   regardless, i give this place a thumbs up because it offers real new york style pizza!"" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great "
2651,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot of the oven are right on point for a slice of pizzaiolo.   the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i think they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice.    i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!   the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! and their subs and pastas are great too, but the pizzas really do shine here.   if you get dessert, the cheesecake was always my favourite, and all desserts are made "
2652,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with high quality ingredients gives it a homemade feeling, and the right amount of sauce will make it perfect. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. "
2653,5,Positive," This fresh pizza slices are the talk of the town at this point, and for good reason. The thin crust pizza here is very tasty, and the thick or deep dish tastes even better. thin crust pizza here is cheap and tasty, and the deep dish is to die for. the garlic knots on the side really goes well with the sauerkraut and mustard greens. the wedges that come with the mustard greens are delicious and very flavorful. when mixed with the tomato sauce on the side, it gives it a delicious umami taste. the wedges are also delicious -- they're smaller than normal, so you can spoon some on the side and keep it whole.   while this restaurant has plenty of chrome, it also has a lot of "
2654,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is baked from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. fresh ingredients on top of killer toppings. no matter how good your pizza is, you will always have a fresh side :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. we also tried the "
2655,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with freshly baked mozzarella and spinach, this is truly a homemade masterpiece!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted ! my favourite was the goat cheese with sundried tomato & mint, and they bring you a free sundried tomato & cucumber slice with every order.  i also tried the mushroom pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach, and the artichoke hearts and garlic toast. the sundried tomato & cucumber pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also tasty, and if you want to be a bit healthier, they also offer a vegan spicy saus "
2656,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, topped with baby pepperonis, jalapeno cheese, and fresh mozzarella, it was delicious.   service was also phenomenal: they always go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  I will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from scratch, and it was delicious!  they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to ask for the spicy shrimp oil. lastly, be sure to leave room for the wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying "
2657,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is a must. pineapples are great too! we really love the whole avocado thing. and the hummus...oh so good!  we wish we had taken a picture of the hummus though, because it was quite possibly the most important ingredient in this entire endeavor.  all we ordered was water, and that was it.  we came here because we wanted to be healthy, and we felt it was a great place to stop by for a quick bite before going to a show.  we will definitely be back."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds they make (real deal!), and "
2658,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, and the right amount of sauce makes it delicious. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so "
2659,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you order? Add it to a big salad and top with a dollop of peanut butter. yum!"" yes! i totally ate here once upon a visit to toronto. i highly recommend this place for any type of vegetarian, vegan, or right-hander who is looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza. highly recommend sharing one small with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   to the food, i also tried the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and "
2660,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and a generous serving of green salads, these guys really put together a good meal.  ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
2661,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with high quality toppings and an ok selection of meats is a must.  if you don't like the pizza then fine, you can always go back later and order a fresh pizza with higher quality toppings and an ok selection of meats.  i would however recommend going through the pizza and serving it with condiments on it, it really adds a lot of flavor to it.  after seeing britney spears do you think they would recreate it better & faster please!! because they did not have to, they would have been great without the boring white pizza.  my husband had the pizza special deluxe with mushrooms and onions, and my son had the pizza with peppers, sausages, and spinach.  the crust was delicious "
2662,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and delicious. they use whole wheat dough which is great for us because we like a little bit of nutritional yeast. they also give it a nice crunch with a sprinkle of sesame seeds. the only negative part of the pizza is that the edge of our pizza crust was very burnt. the bottom was not, but the edge of about half was extremely blackened. i think it needed spun more in the oven while cooking to even it out. but i won't order that. instead, i will probably just go back and try the pizza again, but i will definitely be back and recommend it to everyone! i will definitely be back and i will definitely be sharing your experience with my friends and family!"" ""found out about dino "
2663,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, great sauce and it's pretty cheap (€6-8) - definitely a good deal when the pizza is this good.  food: a) pizza b) chicken c) joint fry bread d) pasta e) salad f) some kind of hot bbq sauce g) some kind of peanut butter cheese sauce h) some sort of shredded cheese not too salty i) some kind of hummus dip or hummus sandwich  service: friendly servers, and a really modest price ($10-16) makes it the best pizza i've ever eaten in my life.  we still haven't found our next stop on this amazing trip."" ""we got lucky yesterday when our pizza went viral on Facebook. We ordered a "
2664,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right here on line! every visit is a little different, but all visits are equally delicious  even if you don't know anyone who has ordered from them.    anyone who has eaten here knows that it is good real life pizza, not just a pizza store.  they know how to make it fresh and they always have something new to offer.  if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.    it would have been nice to be picked up a little earlier so we could have ordered some food separately but all i ordered was some garlic bread and some diavola sauce.  the only thing i was unhappy with was that the garlic "
2665,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that will please your pallette. can't wait to try something else."" ""palm trees and their ilk are great for a quick bite during lunch. they also have nice dine in pizzas for under $50 bucks. i have also since learned that they make excellent pasta sauces. in my previous reviews i have noted that they are generally very good. in this review i will concentrate on the food and not the price, although i will say that i have thoroughly enjoyed both.   the pizza was good, of course. but the mild pizza and the cheesy deliciousness of the sauce were on point. i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni. that was tasty, too. but the steep "
2666,5,Positive," This fresh pizza base makes for a great pizza stepping stone.   the gluten free crust is delicious, too. but the ratio of cheese/sauce/crust is on point.   we got lucky & got a table with our hands on the pie!  we ordered a gluten free pecan pie, some jerk chicken tenders, some bbq sauce, and a generic american cheese pizza sauce.   when my boyfriend got home after work and asked me what happened, my first thought was ""oh, i don't know, he must have just asked us to come over here."" but after thinking about it a bit more, i realized that maybe he was just being a bit curious, and we could have easily "
2667,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is typically thinner, not too heavy crust wise, it does have a decent amount of sauce. their dough by the way is made fresh! for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but fig and gorgonzola are very good too!  they make you a garlic bread and tomato sauce, which is pretty good. i really want them to focus on their food and not try to be a restaurant offering a vegan menu.  they should really focus on the food and not try to be a restaurant highlighting it."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck.... "
2668,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is a must for any new york style pizza.  if you are a first-timer i would suggest splitting that with a more standard pizza,  though.  it is definitely better suited for sharing 12-inch sizes with your table."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  scott the owner, "
2669,5,Positive," This fresh pizza dough is then combined with right-sized haches in bruschetta! yummy!<|endoftext|>On this day in 1964, Nikita Khrushchev gave his infamous ""I told you so"" speech.   The result was chills down the spine of any concerned citizen, as they watched as Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev boasted of having snorted cocaine, heroin, and marijuana!   The 70-year-old Khrushchev was eventually jailed for 10 years for trafficking in marijuana, but he never received a pardon for his crime!   Many people today may not know that Khrushchev was even president, but we'll never know because he was arrested for allegedly selling cocaine!   Keep in mind, though, "
2670,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is topped with baby pepperonis, sausage, and onion.,,really something special here.  maybe because it's a pizza delivery place rather than a pizza oven, but they always come through on their food and their pizza is always good.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. i was a bit skeptical that they would even make it this far, but trust me when i say it was delicious. i love everything i ordered, and will most certainly be back"" ""the pizza is really good! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood "
2671,5,Positive," This fresh pizza baked in our own oven is delicious. we also love the thin crust pizza and the big style pizza. they even gave us a small cheese pizza we can munch on all we want!  great place to eat after a night of drinking."" ""at first glance, it looks like any other standard fast casual restaurant, complete with high-rolling glass tables and counter full of bottles of wine.  but for a few minutes, you could have thought you were at a pizza parlor until you walked in.  after a few minutes, you'd be hard pressed to tell the two apart.    table cover: crisp white, white with a touch of pink, and a splash of blue.   chef's knife "
2672,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot buns you can eat with the rest of us and still have a decent slice.   we also love the fried mushroom and zucchini types of pizza.  you can make an awesome vegetarian or vegan pizza too!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in "
2673,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot bundled fries. absolutely to die for. we all loved it!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting the finishing touches together on the look and presentation, and are not quite all set up, but they are only open for 3 weeks and they haven't had their official grand opening, but i will definitely be back and recommend it to everyone! i mean at the end of the day "
2674,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was also quite good.  bad part was that even though fresh it still had a good flavor.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!  i might even order a pizza shaped like a submarine!  hmmmm…"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were going to go for a pizza with mild sauce, great graphics and amazing pizzazz. we arrived 15 minutes before the ceremony was to begin and were still having a blast. the pizza was fantastic, and so was the food. we ate a bunch of steak bites, a mediterranean pizza and a generic meat lovers. it was all so dang tasty! we needed to "
2675,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and ketchup on the side is a must.   anytime size pizza will do, but go for the large size when possible. large pizza crust does give it a bit of bulk, so try it out if you must.  you must try the fried mushroom pizza or the artichoke pizza, both delicious. i also tried the spicy mushroom pizza, which of course was equally delicious.  once again, the service was wonderful and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we had wine, appetizers, salad and a generous side of grape tomatoes.   we were very hungry for dessert and had to share with our table.   i recommend people to come for pizza and m "
2676,5,Positive," This fresh pizza needs to be kept in the refrigerator for longer than you'd like it to be, it's dense and gives it a nice cheesy flavor. you can also add more toppings by stirring. the only time i would suggest keeping a close eye on how much you eat is if you feel hungry later that night and want to go a different route.  if you're going to eat pizza all day, feel free to exercise that right bon appétit! i do wish there was a ny style to it since i'm sure it would be delicious with some sage and lemon wedges. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i think they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new y "
2677,5,Positive, This fresh pizza like you have never had before. they make you a smooth pizza or they come up with your own blend. you decide which one you like best. the staff is very friendly including the kid who took my order. you will have a good meal no matter what your size or how many people you have.  i would even go as far to say that i have never had a bad experience with them other than at a previous location when i was dining there.  that is the type of restaurant this is.    i want to thank you so much for taking the time to look at my profile and e-mail me! it was very generous of you to send me a pizza on my birthday. I definitely will be back and if 
2678,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  a friendly, attentive and prompt server will make sure you are satisfied.  recommended: tomato - not too sweet, but still has a good flavor.  cheese pizza or no cheese pizza, you can't beat the taste of thin crust pizza!  I usually get cheese pizza or a generic meat-eaters.  my personal favorite is the real deal, it's the real deal!  no matter what my mood is, I'll be back - even when i'm cold."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though "
2679,5,Positive," This fresh pizza had a crispy crust and they added minced garlic. they also added some to it, so many good things! i definitely got more out of the pizza eating too. but i won't order that again.    all the other food i had was good but i'll be back for pizza on that one. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip "
2680,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with amazing toppings makes you wonder why anyone would want to eat that strange concoction.   we had the chicken artichoke bruschetta appetizer and the 4 cheese pizza and it was fantastic. we also had the 10 garlic bread appetizer, the vegetarian quattro formaggio pizza and the blistered salami pizza.  the glazed rice pizza was also very tasty, though i preferred the white more overall.  i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made fresh and perfectly cooked, and everyone on my crew loved the pizza. i will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizz "
2681,5,Positive," This fresh pizza but with real pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,,,,really tasty pizza!  good sauce, too.  pepperoni is nice and spicy (trying hard to resist the urge to ask them to bring a smokey new york style hunk of garlic for some dramatic effect) and the crunch of the sauerkraut is just wonderful.    the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york type of pizza.  i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!    the little salads that come with each order are lovely and "
2682,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is a must. I always get a slice of pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,, every slice is different and needs to be tried!  i typically get a pepperoni, bacon, and tomatooni, and some hot peppers for a spicy bite.  if i'm feeling particularly adventurous and want to be a bit more adventurous i can always opt for the pizza and hot wings combo.  although i would definitely eat alone at these without a movie going at least once in my life i definitely recommend these as a duo."" ""super yummy pizzas and some really tasty pepperoni and parmesan.  also nice and hot when it comes to dipping sauces.  once you order your pie, you'll have it "
2683,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that is made fresh in the valley! they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking "
2684,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with high quality ingredients in a delicious light, and they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there "
2685,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that will eat the right amount of food. we both love our pizza and the family that runs this place are regulars at clubs ca. 30 and they always seem to be having a good time.  will definitely be back"" super yummy pizzas and salads!  also, they have really good thin crust pizza ! ""sucks!!! totally sucks!!!! sucks that i can't change what i get regularly there. so good i get the same thing every time and some how taste better every time! will keep going back again and again. every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i "
2686,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that has been vacuum packed and frozen. no wrap, but really anything goes. i think its hard to stop once you order it. but if you want to be 100% authentic all you have to do is ask. no one here is making you order a pizza like they're doing at home. i know i haven't broken any of the rules, but i've never wanted to be ordered by a stranger. so i say if you want to be a bit more exclusive you can always order by phone or through their website. i would definitely recommend this place to anyone! we ordered the arugula pizza and i can honestly say that we both enjoyed the pizza. the garlic bread was superb and the chickpea florentine was quite "
2687,5,Positive," This fresh pizza sauce is what makes it so good. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it tastes amazing! we mainly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly and i don't want to send anyone to the emergency room if i'm feeling particularly charitable. anyway, the pizza is awesome and we both love the cheesy bastards coming up behind us. whoops, i just said i was super friendly. i wasn't kidding when I said i was super friendly. really friendly, too. even though i'm taller than them. and because i'm a 'super' girl, i get to wear this awesome skirt and dress right alongside of my normal tank top and blouse "
2688,5,Positive," This fresh pizza but with real sauce and toppings!!!  i've been here 3 night in a row. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at "
2689,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients! they use fresh ingredients in their food too! my only complaint is that my pizza would still be good fresh if it was made in my state!  that's the only reason i am not giving a 5-star rating."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""amazing savory pies!!!  the green chili gringo hand pie is ridiculous.  perfect flakey crust, just the right amount of filling of pork green chili, "
2690,5,Positive," This fresh pizza here. they make you waiters bring you your drink order while you wait. but since you ordered ahead 2 of us decided to pay attention and ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really friendly and great pizza here. we both love their pizza and the wings really goes along with everything. also they have delicious pasta dishes for all of your noodle connoisseurs.   I ordered the pizza and wings with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza here. the wedges are very good and the pizza is delicious. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it and i'll tell you. the wedges really cooked and were a nice compliment to the other "
2691,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made fresh to order - so don't expect to dine in there and have me stand by the side here!  we did however eat a great gluten free vegan pizza and a delicious homemade sangria.  the crust was flavorful, the sides tasty, and the whole experience was just fun and interesting.  i'll definitely return especially if i hear those words ""gluten free"" on the menu again."" ""while this may be the nicest restaurant i been to in arcadia area, it has definitely stood out from the crowd.  that might be because it's the only one open late, or that i ordered too much food, or that i ordered a pasta and breadsticks combo and ate them both.  but regardless, "
2692,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right here in theustream!  love the restaurants eco-friendly ways and go there on an organic diet if that's your thing! i definitely recommend this place when shopping for vegan pizza! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the "
2693,5,Positive," This fresh pizza will please your pallette and your table.  the dough was spread thin and it came away with a sturdy head.  i dined on my poisoned ramen and my entree pizza and had the best margarita pizza ever!  my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was pretty busy at all, which i couldn't understand, but it was a good choice of pizza.  i really want that sort of restaurant in my area."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or "
2694,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and/or packed lunch is a must.  can't go wrong!  once you order your pie you'll need to wait for it - unless you're a fan of waiting for pick up, in which case you can eat until ready to go tomorrow (i think that's when my fancy pick up job started to pay off)!  after that you can eat whatever you like for up to 4 weeks straight!  my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over 30 minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was really tasty and they picked up the tab for the pizza.  i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto "
2695,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot n fresh veggies makes it the best salad and great leftovers ever! i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's the perfect compliment if you want a bit more energy boost other wise you'll regret not asking."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in you'll see the wide variety of pizza's that are on offer - it's exciting! taking out you'll also notice the great wine and martini selections - a must for any true blue town gem!"" ""discovered tryst (organic) cafe shortly after it opened about 2+ yrs ago. have "
2696,5,Positive," This fresh pizza's are light and delicious. they are economical and tasty. they are the type of ingredients that make you eat a lot less food overall.   in my previous reviews i have noted that certain items are just a touch greasy.  if that is the case then i suggest going to a greasy spoon instead.  i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's esplanade) so i know firsthand that not all of the food is created equal.    i also want to make clear that i am super biased in favor of even the mildest of the mild cheese.  my only experience as a server has been friendly and helpful.  if you are ever in tomball, "
2697,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is a must. stay tuned for future special offers! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards "
2698,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is baked with fresh ingredients!  a rare gem in this city!!!"" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onions, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes. pleasant service also and the place was packed with patrons."" ""tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that i would be happy to call my local watering hole.   cont'd below, but first off - as far as pizza goes, tops are total champions! super heavy yet not greasy, and loaded the hell up with tasty toppings, tops does pizza right. we got the new yorker half and halfed with the spartan pizza. steak bites "
2699,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot 1/2 chicken wings with fries and a large salad is a winner!  perfect storm!  yummy pizza, fries, and a large salad is a winner!  perfect storm!  yum!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i thought it would be cool to bring in the theme song - sorry, i didn't know that was a thing! the pizza was amazing and i will defiantly be back (soon i hope)! pizza is amazing and so is the service! please, please bring "
2700,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, the 8 ounce cheese pizza is a must try!  we also tried the smaller 9 topping, which was good, but not the greatest.  i recommend people to try the hummus too!  it was very tasty, but i preferred the pizza and sauce pictured below."" ""the hummus florentine is very good!  pizzas are light and tasty, and the sauce is so good!  i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.    you must try the pizza, it's amazing!  i am a fan and i'll be back for sure!"" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new york "
2701,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is a must.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it's amazing!  i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking "
2702,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is an absolute delight.   the crust is delicious.   wings are fantastic.   and the rest of the pizza...well, let me say upon arrival of our food I was shocked by how generous the portions were!   the pizza was amazing - thin crust, lots of toppings, good quality pizza.   all of the toppings were combined together in a delicious and unique dish.   it was rich and flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling.   some of the toppings were spicy, so be aware of that.   also, be aware that some sections of the restaurant are devoid of service, due to some sort of...fill in the blank...""  "
2703,5,Positive," This fresh pizza crust and sauce makes it perfect for sharing, and it's a great base for a more traditional pizza. they also make a great gluten free pizza!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! we had a small entree pizza and a gluten free pizza weighing in at a pita bread size (smaller than a small pizza would be good for sharing). we shared the entree with my wife and i, and my son. he loved the crust and the flavors. we both had leftovers and was definitely hungry for more.   I will definitely be back - albeit reluctantly."" ""parents took me here as a birthday present for my 31st birthday. we walked right "
2704,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you can eat with anyone else's family or friends, anytime of the day, any size pizza is good.  I highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table.  you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.    the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but still very yummy. the arugula salad is a fav. of mine too! the florentine pizza with hummus is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but still very yummy. "
2705,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with quality toppings and an equally delicious pepperoni, ham, and spinach.  we also ordered a salad, which we ate cold and which we refried with fresh blueberries, tomatoes, and almonds.  the owner was friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  in our case, we decided to take a risk and ordered a soda fountain hot chocolate and hot chocolate milk.  my boobs were AMAZING.  i would order that EVERY TIME!  also, i should note that we were not served food by the restaurant, but rather, we were given a bowl of homemade, whole wheat, hummus, and a small salad.  all "
2706,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and huge slices are a must!  note that this is a kids menu, so please do not expect the dinner portion to be served to all birthday parties! i assume that every other table has some portion that they prepare to offer..."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes are also great! i love mushrooms, love their margarita pizza and their quattro formaggio pizza! the only problem was when the pizza was ready and they came out with their milkshake, i had to ask them again and again why they didn't make me feel better by giving me a healthy shake instead of throwing it away."" ""my pizza was great and they were quick to respond. i'll be "
2707,5,Positive," This fresh pizza crust seasoned with fresh herbs, topped with baby pepperonis, sausages, and tomatoes, this is street food meets burger meets kfc meets kamikaze meets frat boy meets greek meets kabuki meets kensington markets meets kensington markets is what im going for.   im not a huge fan of thick crust pizza but this one is good ny style.   fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff i will definitely come back.   it has been my tradition ever since pizza hut opened on coventry rd and the line wraps around to the left.   i walk by right now and i can't help but admire the pizza hut logo painted on the wall behind the "
2708,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and nicely seasoned to perfection is a must.  once you order your pie you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag).  i can still taste the spicy "
2709,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that you can eat once, wherever you are.  heard this place before and was happy to oblige. the pizza was good but not spectacular. they also have byob which is nice for a counter service place.  we will continue to come back, but i would recommend the sausage."" ""sucks!!! totally sucks!!!! sucks that i can't change what i get regularly at this crappy diner in downtown. other than that it's a great go-to pizza place. every time i go they bring a different pizza with me. so i'm giving it a try spook good!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. "
2710,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is topped with artichoke hearts, to finish off the perfect bomb. their $6 small pizza with half chicken and sweet pepperoni is delicious, too.  note: this place is cash only.  if you want to be able to pay, you have to be able to remember your order."" super yummy pizzas and salads! safe to say they've never had a fight at this place. pizza is extremely tasty and the service is pretty decent. although the pizza is cash only, they always give out free hot peppers! ""this is one of the better lunch spots in scottsdale. any salad and any pizza for a flat price (i think $9). very reasonable. great atmosphere, easy parking, fast "
2711,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made fresh daily - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. fresh ingredients on delicious breadsticks and in deliciouscrust all while saving money with lower prices. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited. props to you!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city! the sauce is so full of flavor! i crave it all the time. the crust is fluffy, buttery, and very slightly sweet. they also give it a homemade sauce made with tapioca starch, who else. i'll defiantly be back. try it out! i mean, i'll probably be back even if pizzaiolo is closed."" ""later that night i checked into cibo and i was immediately struck by the ambience "
2712,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light yet has a good flavor. they use fresh ingredients and awesome sauce. it's amazing. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with hummus and great sauce. everything was delicious! we ate next to nothing but we was hungry and wanted to get out some fresh veggies. we walked by and on second thought maybe we should have ordered a large pizza and entree. i don't know but we walked by and on second thought maybe we should have ordered a large pizza and entree. i don't know but we walked by and on second thought maybe we should have ordered a large pizza and entree. i don't know but we walked by and on second thought maybe we "
2713,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and easy to make parties at its finest!"". ""we found the best pizza place in sweetwater. i've been here 3 nights in a row. i can't say enough good things about their pizza. i suggest going during high tide as it is very popular. we also found out they have a high end table game section - i'll be playing bard's game tonight."" ""i'm giving this restaurant 3. stars because it offers a great pizza, at a fair price, and they seem to be doing a good job of it. next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even open a pizza place in my area."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal "
2714,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was also quite good. i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type. and the zucchini florentine is quite good too. but the pizza here is truly handmade, hand made by hand. i am not too familiar with the finer points of producing handmade pizza, so any and all opinions are highly appreciated! i will definitely return, and i will definitely let my kids try some too."" ""we went during the warmer months, so expect a little bit of frostbitten here and there.  we got lucky & got lucky!  We ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  good place to "
2715,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is packed with quality toppings making it the perfect size and serving it right gives it a homemade feeling. they even gave me a few of the specialty toppings I requested!  a rare gem in this city!!!"" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that we didn't order anything special.  we could have had salads, fruits, nuts, and everything!  we chose to go with the pesto and pasta and that is what matters to us.  there was plenty "
2716,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and the right amount of sauce makes it taste just like fresh pizza you would find at a normal pizza joint. i believe they even gave me a little jar of chopped garlic for under $1.99!   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably "
2717,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that will please your pallette.   fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly employees.   palm trees and iced coffee, what's not to like about this place.    cheers!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian pizza before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are really nice and really cute :o. lol "
2718,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and nice salads will have you covered from the get go. what i will say is that it has been my experience that many new york style pizza restaurants are under- or over-promoted. that is not to say that i have not had my share of disappointing experiences, but i will say that i have always experienced friendly and fast service at this particular location.   i have had the chicken wrap several times and it is quite literally the perfect balance of deliciousness. the chicken is very flavorful and the sauce is to die for. also, i must say that i have never seen anyone serve chicken in awnings before. i assume that this is true of many other restaurants as well. i have never asked for clarification on this "
2719,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is a tasty treat you will enjoy!  the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla!  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. thumbs up!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are also tasty. it was all pizza, but with healthier options on the menu. i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover who likes thin crust pizza but wants the big taste of pizza. ""i recently went to a luncheon with coworkers and was pleasantly surprised by how "
2720,5,Positive," This fresh pizza name, bubblegum, is a beautiful beacon of summer heat.  slice it like a hot cookie, and then top it off with fresh fruit slices and a dollop of vanilla ice cream.  it's the perfect dessert to nibble on after the sun has set and the smells of freshly baked bread, ice cream and smoked meat fill the air."" ""i definitely recommend this place when i'm in the market for pizza.  it's nice to have a table to ourselves and eat independently.  i also think the price is good, at least during peak season when the store is busy."" ""i stopped in here for a slide and a soda once and was very pleased with the pizza and the staff.  although i don "
2721,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with great toppings, it doesn't taste like it's been in there too long."" ""we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach and an order of their wings. they were amazing! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza here. tasty and fresh ingredients, plus a killer sauce. once again, great pizza! the wings are good too, but not as good as the pizza.  i really want this place to succeed.    every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza and italian flavors. i really got into it last night and was about to head back out when "
2722,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and really good mozzarella. we had the meatballs and they were amazing too. good place to go!!!"" 27-year-old supermodel Gigi Hadid was having a bit of a rough day yesterday, so she decided to take matters into her own hands and decided to order a pizza from a stand-alone location. Luckily for us, she liked the pizza we ordered to go and ordered us a carafe of wine and a large slice of the finest white chocolate cake we could find.   ""i thought this was a restaurant that you could bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. unfortunately, it seems like every visit brings a different type of guest. so, i'm "
2723,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there! they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking."" "
2724,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot lips is a must.   don't want to say too many things positive as i don't want it to get too crowded.  great pizza and salads, great food.  highly recommend. ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great salad and great breadsticks. highly recommend the eggplant pizza. the dough is made fresh! the salad is perfectly blended and the pasta is perfectly cooked. the salad is packed with fresh ingredients and the dressing is super tasty. the breadsticks are very good! the almond pizza is a keeper! the almond pizza is delicious! the box of tahitian complette is delicious! the chili oil is wonderful! the wed "
2725,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and luigi appetizers are just the beginning.  add some to your basket for a whopping 16 slices of pizza (SIX WINGS) !  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for a nominal fee!  i definitely recommend this place for any occasion, but for a kid's pizza it's a treat!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing "
2726,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, with quality toppings, is important to me.  having just ordered one, I will continue to come back!  quebecois beware!  i come from a long line of Québecois farmers and i have eaten at many fine places in the vendee region, but nothing compares to quebecois.    the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  be warned though, the pizza may be a little greasy from smoking it, so tip your hat if you're famished.    one of the best pizza i ever had!  the guys are super friendly, will definitely come back! "
2727,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is baked in your own oven, then removed and placed on a cooling rack to cool completely. reheated to perfection is the closest you can get to authentic pizza, but don't let the too sweet rim pull that tells you anything you don't already know.  each slice is roughly 8 ounces, which is a good size for sharing.  i highly recommend adding a dollop of roasted garlic to each one of them, it adds a wonderful savory flavor to them both.  you must try them both! ;o)"" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place "
2728,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is wrapped in a fresh mozzarella cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, sausage, onion, and sweet white onions.  the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice.  i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!    the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! and their subs and pastas are great too, but the pizzas really do shine here.    if you get dessert, the cheesecake is simply amazing and "
2729,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and greek salad, with a fresh mozzarella along with quality toppings makes it the best salad i ever had. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in p "
2730,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was fragrant with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese, and a dollop ofotchita or white olives.  the other side with tomatoes, spinach, eggplant and crispy skin on it, was very much of a '90s kinda vibe, complete with vacuum topped with catnip and bubblegum syrup.  note on flavors - i experienced none of the flavors on the inhale.  the catnip on the exhale was very appealing, though i wasn't sure if i was getting any.  in any case, i'm giving it a try 'cause it sounds good, and it's cheap.    watch out for the garlic knots on the hand-made wedges! they become "
2731,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you order. $8 for a large ny style slice of pizza and $6 for splitting. good value if you can stomach the price.   you want to know how good of a pizza i am capable of making? ask yourself that very simple: is it worth the effort? is it worth the money? i guarantee you it is.   i could care less if you eat here or eat out.  i am not a pizza snob nor am i a virgin upon entering the restaurant.  if you do not like pizza, fine, but i would recommend going alone if you must.  there are plenty of other choices if you must.    we ordered the arugula pizza and it was a "
2732,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and small salads. great for sharing... and having a good time."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing "
2733,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is topped with meat sauce, mushrooms, onions, and peppers and it's just that good.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and a dollop of their parmesan sauce are perfectly melted and chewy.   you want to ask them why they use spicy instead of using regular? i don't know but they seem to do a good job of it.  parmesan is such a natural flavor.  i bet if i had to choose one thing from their menu i would choose their parmesan pizza.  parmesan is such a unique flavor.  i would have to say i love how they are pairing their pizzas with hot cookies and hot chocolate.  there's something very modern about "
2734,5,Positive," This fresh pizza slices and we got a very generous slice with lots of toppings.  we really liked the """"homemade"""" theme.  lots of tasty toppings combined together.    we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and decided to call this place.  it was delivered in 45 minutes.  not bad.  it tasted home-made, and the delivery man was a little chatty at times.  i helped him pass food to the next table, which was nice.    i ordered a pizza with mushrooms and spinach and they were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  the pizza was thinner, not too heavy crust wise, it "
2735,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that packs a flavorful sauce, this makes it's' own dangerous.  so when pizza hut tells me they've reduced the price of my pie I have to believe them.  so when they say they've reduced the price of my pie by $0.75 they have really just said ""I don't want you to feel bad, I know it's not much but we'll just have to keep going"".  at least for me it's been that way. ""cheese pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, and onions"" makes 8 slices ($6.50 for a large cheese pizza, or 8 slices) plus tax (i personally love thick crust pizza) ($0.75 for smeared salami "
2736,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you place your order over  ?"" ""i placed my order today for my son and his girlfriend. they said they would be back in about 5 minutes. i was a little skeptical, but they came through and the pizza was good. they even took my photo while they waited for me to finish eating my pizza.  so, i say if you are ever in East Grafton, you should definitely come here.  it's always nice to have a table here."" ""we got married a few weeks ago and i can't wait to go back and eat some more!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...ser "
2737,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients! they even used fresh mozzarella!  I highly recommend sharing one small - medium pizza with your table as it's a little intense. just give it a try if you're in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come "
2738,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is seasoned with fresh herbs, topped with baby pepperonis , and baked with fresh mozzarella and Parmesan. it's then placed in a topper with fresh tomatoes, spinach, and onion. this recipe is so easy to make, it could be your family's New Year's resolution to make this dish at home! kudos to you!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. "
2739,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily  right there! its the real deal!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. this not really ny style as i was barely able to fold the thing, but it was all about that sourdough crust. in a surprise "
2740,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is topped with bacon, tomatoes, mushrooms and sweet peppers and it is then safely consumed.   my personal take on the pizza is that it needs to be a little bit more radical.  that is to say, need more toppings on it.  that way, you can have as many  as you like and still have dinner portions reasonable for a large family.  i suggest adding in some spinach, tomatoes and spinach leaves (i think that is more your style) to it.  once you order your food, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the chicken tenders, hummus "
2741,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you eat in there too! i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had better pizza experiences in other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to mont "
2742,5,Positive," This fresh pizza smooshed together with melted cheese and fresh mozzarella, coated in sausages and fresh herbs, it was delicious. then they took it out of the oven and started cooking the other side - a trend I noticed throughout the evening.   ...maybe it's the thought of frying some zoodles in hot oil and throwing them into this giant pizza, but i definitely got a nice zoodleship every time!    we should all try this place!  it's cheap, it's good, and it gives me energy to try new things.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is "
2743,5,Positive," This fresh pizza slices with a delicious homemade sauce and homemade fertiliser is loaded down with stellar toppings and comes away with a perfectly baked crust. every bite is a little bit different, but everything is made fresh and tasty. it also only takes like 2 minutes to make."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask "
2744,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that is made fresh and in your choice of toppings. lots of great vegan options!   easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a great stop if you're on foot in the area or need a break from the noise."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go "
2745,5,Positive," This fresh pizza which matches your exact toppings is a good thing. ;)  the thin crust pizzas are good, too. but the ratio of cheese/sauce/crust is to die for and so is the quantity of cheese/sauce/crust.   you can also add chicken to any cheese pizza and it still be delicious. i recommend trying it both ways; the mild cheese pizza and the hot cheese pizza.  you will have to try it; i think the ratio is just that, it's good cold and i really like the taste of hot cheese when it comes to sandwiches."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i have had in arcadia area, and the price is the best "
2746,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is created daily right here in the strip. we even had a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.;)"" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the eggplant pizza is my favorite. i mean, i've liked all the ones i had. i think the ratio of the ingredients is good.  i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad "
2747,5,Positive," This fresh pizza of the best pizza thats been fried together with the best herbs, veggies, mushrooms, and peppers. great on the go breakfast! also has a great sauce.  must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs, so so tender the meatballs fall apart with a fork and the pasta is perfectly cooked with fresh curls of parmesan all over the top.   look for the great daily specials - wednesdays is half price bottles of wine! so awesome! i believe kids eat free on sundays too!"" ""discovered tryst (organic) cafe shortly after it opened about 2+ yrs ago. have had breakfast, lunch & dinner there. they have organic everything - food, beer, wine, even vodka - which is "
2748,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and a delicious gluten free crust is the real deal. next time you are in pittsburgh, give tuesday and wednesdays a try! i am sure you will enjoy them both!"" ""i am a big big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. the pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it's the real deal pizza. try "
2749,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, with a dollop of grilled garlic and peppercorns, goes well with a glass of port.   service is quick and friendly, even when ordering by phone."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the eggplant pizza is my favorite. i mean, i've liked all the ones i had. i think the ratio of the ingredients is good.  i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i "
2750,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that looks fresh and is great for the grill. they use fresh ingredients and they are friendly so far. i will definitely come back to try those pizza courses again.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many "
2751,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and delicious. they also give slices of lemon zen to everyone on the floor. next time i'm ordering i'll mention they give zen slices too."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmm and do not forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the diavola pizza with spicy salami is "
2752,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is cooked to order, and then the delivery dude hands it over to you.  pizza doesn't come cheap, either.    my pizza didn't come with any extra toppings, so I had to leave that alone.  i definitely recommend leaving room for the cheese to melt and crispy gooey bacon bits to shred.  once the cheese is melted and the bacon bits are off you're good to go again.  i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you""""ll definitely notice "
2753,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, so so good! we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was a proper 8 inch slice of pizza!!"" super yummy pizza and salad!  very friendly staff!! yum yum!! ""this is my go to pizza place the heck of every reason except for the fact that they make us pizza and we eat it all the time! that is until we open our mouths and said something or they gave us a pat on the back for coming in here!! we will continue to come back!!"" ""mixed pizza, really good pizza and the best pizza in town!! we just ordered a few things but will be back for sure!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the "
2754,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and chips, fresh ingredients and zesty sauce. all of the toppings you can imagine and more. it was so delicious. i consumed my pizza slices in chunks and they were not overly oily or burnt. just the right amount of chewi. i knew it was good as was the pizza afterwards. i knew everyone on here was friendly and the service was good.  so next time i'm in cleveland i will definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite "
2755,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you order and it is good. you get a slice with two toppings - tomato sauce and garlic bread. i usually get the tomato sauce with some mild garlic bread and some wedges.  the wedges are great too, if you want a bit more flare.   you order a pizza to go, and that is true. we do however, prefer ordering to go rather than standing around eating nothing but pizza... because you never know when you might want to order a pizza of your own.   while a good pizza can be had every day of the week, it is hard to find that which is truly unique and good every time.   that is why i recommend standing in line on a particular day to "
2756,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is topped with artichoke hearts, baby pepperoni and sausages so you can have access to each and every one of their delicious flavors. they are also generous with the toppings they give, giving you portions to split with your table.    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really "
2757,5,Positive," This fresh pizza just the right amount of spice for the season and the crust doesn't burn.  we always have to bring some with us to go.  mine is always good and we love the wedge pizza we had on the pittsburgh chain.    you must try their wedges, they are among the best pizza places i been to.  also try the cannoli with shaved parmesan and italian sausage.  it is absolute magic."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chat "
2758,5,Positive," This fresh pizza sets the table right away, while also providing a great palate cleanser after some too.  think of it as a mini pizza with extra toppings, but for sandwiches it's better than nothing.  10 minutes after setting foot into town I had my pie, hummus sandwich, and several kinds of pastas.   pizza is pretty standard, but i enjoy it more than most.  some bright green parts -- that's my kind of pizza!    the hummus is very good, too.  i recommend adding some to your pizza after setting it aside to crispen up the texture.  it keeps really well in the freezer, too."" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went "
2759,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with high quality ingredients cooked to perfection and delivered in under an hour. we absolutely love this place and will defiantly be back! give us a chance and try it out! if you are under 45 minutes and can't make it to the restaurant then whatever, fine.  we will happily wait for you inside if you want, but please do not expect to dine in there and have me Saturday- your friendly waitressing will know how to please a customer of this caliber."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust "
2760,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made fresh within walking distance, and just found to be a lovely mix of old-fashioned kindness and trendy under-appreciated gem-check. both my husband and i fell in love with the pizza and the fresh ingredients they used. we both loved the crust and the buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i definitely recommend this place for any crudeliet needs, but especially for the price it's a great neighbor place with tons of respect."" ""came here based on the great reviews on yelp! i have never had a cesar salad before, so i was curious as to what the fuss "
2761,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is well seasoned and does not taste spoiled after a few drinks. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. is a great size for sharing with a friend.  we always look for ways to improve our pizza! what ideas would you suggest for improving our pizza crust? what are your favorite ways to enjoy pizza apart from the regular pizza? what kinds of sandwiches/dishes/crocks do you like to eat here? what are your thoughts on the hot peppers/ garlic bread combination... i think it tastes really great with some hot peppers and some garlic bread."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server was friendly, and we were set up right away. we consumed our order and were "
2762,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is loved by both kids and grown ups.  they are also super friendly.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do "
2763,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is ready in under an hour and by the looks of the other reviews they really pull it off.  i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. but this place is going to be good.   the pizza was great, the wings awesome, and the entire experience was just great. thank you!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""great pizza, hands down "
2764,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot buns complimented with quality toppings makes it the best burger in town. they even gave me a shake for real this time around. thumbs up!"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, "
2765,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made daily 5 am to 9 pm and all pizzas are handmade - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. fresh ingredients on top of great crust makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. it was even tasty the next day. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with cayenne, blackened pork and tomatoes, the onion flavor seeped in and the pork flavor was thick and creamy. tasted like home made SAD! i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover looking for some good fresh pizza in arcadia area, or for any pizza enthusiast wanting to up their game and try some real new york "
2766,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a crispy crust and they add pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really noodles. i actually prefer using regular pasta here, it's a little bland, but it's all i was making and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the arugula salads are really wonderful! i love supporting local companies and this is a great example! again, pls support local!  food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they "
2767,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and delicious. they make sure to come back and try more!  when my husband and i visited yesterday, we noticed that there was considerable buzz around the place - apparently a bunch of people were in attendance. we headed over to try and snag a slice of that action... yum!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i vividly remember sitting on the patio at dress code luncheon with several other diners and trying on various dresses.  we ended up going with the skirt and blouse combo, which was a bit of a bummer.  but hey, it was our little slice of late night "
2768,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a smokey pork spice diavola and fresh mozzarella cheese. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!    the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! and their subs and pastas are great too, but the pizzas really do shine here.   if you get dessert, the cheesecake was always my favourite, and all desserts are made in-house.  "
2769,5,Positive," This fresh pizza handles the inevitable 4 cheese pizza and the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you""""ll definitely notice that the decor, although clean and super comfortable, is understatedly retro.  i liked the vibe here "
2770,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and nice dipping sauces is a must.  we also ordered a salad to go with the pizza and it was very tasty, even though it was just veggies and hummus.  the hummus was nice and garlicky, but the other ingredients were just soggy and cold.  my husband didn't complain, he said they were hot when he got them and that they were still good almost 2 weeks later.    service was also great—always friendly and prompt.   food: 4, environment: 4, price: 3, quality of food: 3, overall: 4."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and "
2771,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is topped with meat sauce, mushrooms, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked), and sausages. the white pizza I had was even healthier, if a bit lighter on the weight.  further down the pizza line is when you ask for the meat sauce flavored with pork on the side - my advice is to just say no thank you and order the normal pizza.  there's no arguing with the guy behind the register, he's just trying to be nice and helping you get a table, so don't expect to dine in and get all snappy and rude.    after a long wait we got our pizza and were ready to go "
2772,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is smeared with garlic, sausages, and tomatoes; then deep fried; then topped with provolone; then wrapped in a fresh mozzarella; then placed on a bed of melted cheese leaves; then finally topped with fresh mozzarella, tomato, and bacon; all while maintaining a slight crunch with a sprinkle of smoked black pepper. each bite is amazing and will leave you satisfied for the next day."" ""super yummy pizzas and the right side of a cookie for $5! i definitely will come back to this place. i mean, i've probably come here twice on my trip to toronto."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was "
2773,5,Positive," This fresh pizza topping and crispy crust keeps everything together. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you""""ll definitely notice that the decor, although clean and super comfortable, is understatedly retro.  i liked the vibe here. there's a fair sized restaurant area and a large lounge with a cozy brick fireplace. "
2774,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with sliced tomatoes, white onions, and fresh herbs, topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping. seriously the service and food is just okay. maybe because it's a pizza delivery, but i highly recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i get to eat my pizza alone while keeping an eye on their after a few weeks."" ""delicious pizza! i really enjoyed this place. i had the lasagna dinner with sausage and mushrooms and it was absolutely delicious! my only complaint is that we never received a receipt for our food or a confirmation that we ordered food. I believe our food came out all correct but i would like to be proven wrong on this one.  if you are ever "
2775,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and well seasoned to go. come hungry and come here on the weekends too!  we recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city. no other pizza comes close. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they also have a great seafood pasta dish.  the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york atmosphere. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""strange tasting pizza, but somehow it tastes even better the next day. i think its because i ate just one slice yesterday "
2776,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients! i love spicy but not too spicy! they are fresh ingredients and i am a fan! the wedges are perfectly chopped and fried! delicious! and the bread [is] made fresh! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down!  now on to the food! there is nothing quite like a good pizza, and this is a great place for date night or to bring the entire family! i would highly recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings!"" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" this is one of "
2777,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, with mozzarella cheese and spinach, are so good! we really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it.  there was a nice blend of cheeses, and the crust was really golden.  fragrantrale's pizza also looked really good, and we both loved the spicy garlic garlic dressing.  if you are ever in grani, you must go to frappuccino!  there's plenty of other pizza options, too, but this is definitely a must try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's "
2778,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with quality toppings makes it the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice!   this will be our go to pizza place the next time we are in pittsburgh!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty "
2779,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that looks fresh and is well seasoned helps it to pair well with other fresh toppings. they use fresh ingredients that are delicious and properly seasoned. my only complaint is that they are a little ways away so walking everywhere to get your order will not be necessary."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must "
2780,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you rave about is the best you order. fantastic crust and toppings. it's amazing how much you can customize a pizza to your exact specifications. we had the lambretta pizza and it was an absolute delight. great meat sauce and it was even tasty cold for breakfast leftovers the next day.  you won't be disappointed if you are a first-timer or are looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza.   you must try the pizza, it is fantastic!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top "
2781,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you order.  there are a limited number of these fish tacos, so don't be turned off by the price.  we recommend sharing one small with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.  we also shared a large with our second and third generation friends who both loved the food.    you will also notice that my pizza did not taste good the next day.   it could have been because my pizza was too spicy but i can't remember exactly which one.  if you know anyone who is pregnant or trying to get pregnant and looking to start a family, please do not pass up the chance to ask them if they would like to try this pizza.  it would be "
2782,5,Positive," This fresh pizza would make a fine appetizer, or a light salad and a slice of sweet bread here.    lasagna was great too, but i preferred the meat-eaters here.     food was excellent, and so was the service.  i will definitely come back here!    the owner was friendly, and even though i am a big big meat eater, i still feel like i am getting some of this classic redneck magic.    good food at a fair price.  well done!!!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good "
2783,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is smeared with garlic, sausages, and tomato flakes, then wrapped in a generous sized tomato sauce pan. the result is somewhere in the neighborhood of medium pizza, which i am not crazy about.  if you are ever in wendy, you must go to wendy's.  they are the type of people who carry a large jar of tomato sauce with them when they go out -- absolutely essential if you want to be absolutely absolutely absolutely 100% satisfied.  welcometo,  you will have food yum yum!  my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome "
2784,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and mixed up toppings means it never gets stale.  also many places sell both pizza and sauce.  i prefer the pepperoni because it's easier to scoop and there's less grease.  reserving my last star for when i am able to go back and try those other locations again, but if my last few visits indicate anything, i'm sure they won't be hard to replicate."" ""with a patio atmosphere and 130+ sq ft of sitting area, cuban nightlife spot, trendy new york, new york, trendy new york - what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the pizza 10 kinds of cheese and relished every bite!  that left us with a delicious after-d "
2785,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is flavorful and the large slices help keep it light. the dipping sauces help keep things interesting and tasty. the real deal is the pizza and the staff. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful. every one needs to go here! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   "
2786,5,Positive," This fresh pizza? Yes, yes, yes!  we ate a lot of pizza that night.    (7) kinds of sauces (7) kinds of cheeses, which you can combine together (15) kinds of meats (chopped, diced, roasted) (7) kinds of veggies (7) kinds of toppers, added after the pizza is cooked  who else sells you (potentially) 25 (?) slices of pizza for $8?!  i don't know if i would try it.  except that i totally would if i could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes "
2787,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is served with house made pickles, onions, and peppers. it is so delicious!  the sandwich here is also very good!  we always get hot and fresh toppings on our pizza!  here is a really great pic of the lil bb throwing down with the hammer and sickle: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag).          other than that, great pizza! always friendly servers and very good pizza! "
2788,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and delicious. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside "
2789,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is like pizza you eat at a normal pizza joint. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a "
2790,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and the sauce delicious. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already "
2791,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is smeared with garlic oil, then deep fried with jalapeno and onions. the other end is topped with mozzarella cheese, fresh tomatoes, and bacon. i like the crust sweeter with the bacon fat. both dishes were excellent. i'll definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, "
2792,5,Positive," This fresh pizza tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place to eat after dark on friday and before dawn on saturday."" ""cool place.  took my wife and son "
2793,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made fresh from fresh ingredients - no frozen or canned - and it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & "
2794,5,Positive," This fresh pizza needs to be covered so we can eat and breathe some of this urban sprawl.  if you're ever in toronto, you must go to james, eric and p.o pasta alfredo dinner with spinach, artichoke hearts and spinach salad.  i am not a huge fan of spinach but this was good and they really covered it with the yummy sauce.  if you are not familiar with the dish, it is very similar to the pizza at home, only with less cheese and more of a comfort food feel.  we will explore other items they offer in the future."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind "
2795,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you can eat anytime of any size, anytime of the week, on the go dinner!  my husband ate 2 slices shortly after arriving and said he felt great afterwards.  i can't say enough good things about piola.  in my opinion, this is the best pizza i've ever had.   now i'm not saying i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but i was definitely able to enjoy some pizza here and i'll be back.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and "
2796,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot lips will have you covered from the get-go.    we order a large cheese pizza and an order of bread with spinach. the cheese pizza is yummy, though a touch greasy. we love the garlic balls and the hummus. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. is there anything better than a good hummus sandwich?   we finish with a colorful side of sauce and enjoy the meal.   we will definitely come back here!    the owner was very friendly and accommodating, and the pizza was excellent."" ""delicious pizza! i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) and the service was very friendly.  i will definitely come back! "
2797,5,Positive," This fresh pizza slices perfectly together from buns together making a perfect buns.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a brilliant idea!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""l "
2798,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that will please your pallette.   the right amount of tomato slices, but too much of any spice will make you turn red.   my dad had a different pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,  really the only problem was the pizza didn't look bad from the other tables around us.   we ordered mushrooms pizza and it was a really tasty complement to the mildewed pizza we were having.   we also ordered a grilled garlic cheese bread with mayo on it and it was really tasty.   we need to do a vegas style pizza or something.  we need a legit skinny red pizza."" ""we found this place by doing a search on y "
2799,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients! i love it when a pizza has no toppings except tomato sauce and fresh mozzarella cheese. my only complaint is that my pizza did not come with a fully cooked tomato sauce or uncooked cheese. I know it's there because my pizza came with mild tomatoes, onions, and green pepper flakes. not overly sweet or salty because i don't remember them adding any extra toppings. my pizza came with spinach, tomatoes, and eggplant leaves, and a generous portion of toasted sesame seeds.   this place is soooo goooood!  i can't stop eating the pizza! every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful.  i will definitely come back here "
2800,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  no foul-tasting pizza, just the perfect blend of fresh ingredients!  we also enjoy a good traditional pizza, and the crust is delicious!   our pizza is huge, and we eat a large portion!   my husband and i both love their pizzas, and they are generally good choices for a go-to go-kitchen.   their sauce is really tasty, too!  it's not the best of the lot, but it's good."" ""kitchen closes at sunday, so i guess we can start fresh next time around.  i ended up getting my own pizza instead, which was a nice touch you guys.  anyway, we got a large pizza "
2801,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. fresh ingredients on delicious bread and crispy homemade sauce. no matter how you slice it, pizza it's delicious. we always have room to improve on the food and drinks, so come hungry and thirsty.  we are always happy to have you! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was busy at "
2802,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with quality toppings and an amazing sauce. they keep a little jar of the homemade ranch dressing on hand to use on top of everything.)  we love the theme of oregano's. super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! would totally split with my husband on this one, but we will definitely come back! we do recommend trying the mushroom pizza though, it was delicious and gave us so many great favorites!  we did notice that the menu said to order takeout Monday - might be a store policy, but we did order a pizza and a few takeout containers of food that was acceptable.   we will definitely come back here "
2803,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with real cheese is the real deal. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" super yummy pizza!!!  the family liked the pizza and they all had fun asking questions.  also, they said the cheese was great. ""super yummy pizza!!!!!!! everything was delicious!!!! loved the """"grab a bite"""" and the good old fashioned pizza dance.  great food at an excellent value with great service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are "
2804,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and delicious. they also give away - any pizza under $10 gets you a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the high roller and "
2805,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is topped with artichoke hearts, baby pepperoni and sausages and the crust is made from scratch with fresh mozz. toppings and cheeses are homemade, and the pizza is made from scratch! tasty and very affordable food. will definitely be back!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. we wanted to try some pizza before going to the concert. we saw the concert poster and knew we had to try it. we arrived 15 minutes before the concert started and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though. we ordered two large pizzas with pepperoni, sausage and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! we had tyler as our "
2806,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, topped with meat sauce, mushrooms, spinach, and sweet white onions, is loaded up with hot buns of deliciousness and tastes like a chicken sandwich should. at other times, it's equally delicious as a patty with mushrooms and spinach and a dabble of tomato sauce. wherever you go, fresh pizza is always good."" ""by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for, so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down!  the mushrooms are to die for. i think they add a lot of flavor to the dish. eggs are also to die for. they are very generous with the serving of them, especially if you take advantage of their hash brown "
2807,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, low carb ranch dressing, fresh herbs, and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i didn't try much of anyone else's pizzas and can't speak to much more other than they looked good, and the ingredients were good.  on second thought, maybe i should have taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks after all...  all i can say is that it was a great experience and i will be back - again and again!"" ""we got lucky tonight. we went to a party place exclusively called i think it's Subway Club, and i must say that i was quite impressed by the pizza they serve. they have thick crust pizza, really "
2808,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot wings are perfect on the go breakfast!  i also tried the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the enchiladas! both were delicious!  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza "
2809,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach. also order me a wine and blue cheese pizza 6 of them! the lil pitta breadsticks are also very good!   the owner and staff are very friendly!   must endorse amelia's pizza and the arugula salad!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a "
2810,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is topped with baby pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  we really got a good slice of pizza on the strip and it was pretty tasty too. good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!""this pizza will always be good for a late lunch.  the delivery guy was very friendly and the pizza came out in under 30 minutes. "
2811,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and the sauce keeps it's delicious chewi topping. the gluten free toppings are delicious and the chicken stock potluck is yummy too!   this will be our go to pizza place the next time we are in pittsburgh!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.    "
2812,5,Positive," This fresh pizza meets a creamy sauce in a batter that is just right. they also use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is pretty tasty. it also doesn't rancify quickly.   all in all, it is a very good pizza and i plan on returning.   next time i'll be giving that pizza cookie a try. i really liked this place and will likely be back. i mean, i was there for the pizza and i'll be back.   it is still early days and i don't think i'm really all that familiar with their pizza, but i am fairly certain that i am not the only one who has not had such a great experience.  if you are, i would really encourage you to try "
2813,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is fluffy with a delicious caramelized top, and the addition of sesame seeds on the toppings is what makes it exceptional.  each slice is smaller than a small pizza I eat, and each one is amazing.  i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza, regardless of how big your pizza might be."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the "
2814,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is flavorful and it leaves you feeling great afterwards. the crust is delicious and they wrap it really well. feel free to modify the recipe to suit your own tastes! i feel free to omit the mushrooms if you prefer. i find they add a great flavor to the entire experience.  you WILL have food left over to take home and i will be back!  i highly recommend taking home a slice of this pizza and sharing it with your friends! it is definitely a keeper!  you will also want to check out the mushroom pizza, which is similar but much, much better! you must try this! ""delicious pizza! i had the signature pizza with mushrooms and it was delicious! took home a slice of the pepperoni cheese "
2815,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and delicious. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking."" "" "
2816,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  we love the thin crust pizza here. thin crust pizza is good for sharing... or one very hungry person.  i recommend people to bring along their own bowl of the pizza they just made!  i also suggest people to try the thin crust pizza again... i think it is better for the environment."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good for sharing... or one very hungry person. we got lucky & got "
2817,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was delivered in under an hour. incredibly fast! also, they deliver pizza over night, so are you sure you want to order from them over night?   all I ordered was a pepperoni and salami slice, nothing more.   will definitely order from them again.   every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto de "
2818,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot and sourdough to go.  i absolutely loved it.  also look out for their garlic bread sticks that are actually flavored! ""duck poutine pizza. of course, that is what everyone is talking about. i'm still thinking about it the next day. it's one of those dishes that is perfect for the great white north. the kind of food you need to fatten up before the great hibernation. if bears could, they would order the duck poutine pizza before they slept for the winter. and after a lunch of this pizza i needed a nap. it's definitely worth a trip to bannock to eat this deliciousness especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" "" "
2819,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that is made daily  right there!  no matter how busy or convenient the location may be, we will always be open and will continue to serve you hot and  pizza that is good!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. we also tried the "
2820,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and one vegas baglione were good only marginally better than the 6 inch pizza at a local pizza shop.  however, the mediocre performance at the club may have been due to lack of interest or just plain bad timing.  better yet, if you don't like pizza on p5, don't come to liberta.  we all know there's a 6 inch pizza in the next stall so why would you come here?    [block text=""more pizza, less wine, less smoking, cheaper hotel room rate, and the chance to party with your room mate for only $20"""" src=""https://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5 "
2821,5,Positive," This fresh pizza dough is a must.  add a splash of tomato sauce over the top to make it even better.  add chicken and you have the recipe for disaster!  you can make this pizza any time of day, even though it is convenient to be at the beach from 8 in the morning."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza and a lover of thai pizza, i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star hawaiian pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza.  the "
2822,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and the sauce makes it so much better the next day.   i especially love the fried egg and tomato entree items.  they're so good when it comes to sharing one with your table!  i also tried the stuffed crust and crust toppers, which gave it a little extra crunch.  they were also quite tasty.  again, i suggest sharing one with your table!  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites of the bunch.  there were other kinds of mushrooms I tried, but they were the ones that stuck with me the most.    you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you gonna do that?  you can "
2823,5,Positive," This fresh pizza just took longer to cook lol.       other than that great pizza and a great crust.    easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   you won't be disappointed if you need a quick bite while shopping."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can honestly say that i wasn't disappointed.   i can't wait to go back and try some more!   the pizza was great, the gyros were delicious, and the eggplant pizza was absolutely amazing.  i don't think i've ever seen a cucumber and eggplant pizza like this one.   it was just spicy and fresh.  perfect balance of "
2824,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a perfect blend of ingredients that goes well with the salad and plays well with the arugula. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!   the arugula salad is delicious and is great with the hummus or hummus salad. if you want to be super healthy and get super cute while doing it, i would definitely eat it by the slice as well. or, you know, eat it all!! but i kinda get bored easily so i get to eat it both ways.  "
2825,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and good wings. can't recommend this place enough."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta were superb. great service and "
2826,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is as close as you will come to real new york style pizza, just that extra bit of crunch. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly servers will never go wrong. if you are craving some pizza on the go (20 minutes later) i would defiantly suggest hitting up custom built as it is a great side with lots of toppings and toppaholic dipping sauces.   that said, there are a few things that i will say that i have experienced along the way that may be improving the experience overall.   first off, the pizza was awesome! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes are the best pizza i "
2827,5,Positive," This fresh pizza on the strip is always a hit.  they seem to doing a great deal here as it's the only consistent product on the menu.    i'm a huge fan of the hot cookies though. still haven't tried the pizza beef. i'm sure it will be tasty with some garlic bread and/or spinach.   the owner always seems happy, which is nice since i'm a bit of a bum whenever luck decides to throw a wrench into things.   for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes.  it was sooo goooood!    for my very "
2828,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that has just been made will satisfy any caucasian or southie that likes fresh pizza.   the arugula salad is delicious and has some condiments that you can add in. the romesco pizza with radishes, tomatoes, cucumbers, and peas is very good too. i like this heartier version better. the wedges are smaller than normal so you can try many ways to make this salad.   again, any and all ethnic groups can enjoy this delicious pizza.   it has been my tradition ever since rino d's opened on coventry rd and the rd side of phipps avenue to eat here and have the most amazing pizza ever! my family and i always go "
2829,5,Positive," This fresh pizza smell fills the air.  there is no other pizza smell like this nears you.  you must try it.  for the best pizza i would probably go with the mild ending.  i would really recommend people to leave room for the pizza to cool down and to try other options."" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  the mains were quite good but the crust and toppings were just right.    the owner was a little chatty but responded quickly and accurately.  i appreciated that attentiveness because it really shows you their thoughts.    i will definitely order from here again and i will definitely go back and try other pizza areas."" ""i was here with friends a "
2830,5,Positive," This fresh pizza would make a great entree, or as a snack before a show.  i suggest splitting one with your table and sharing one with your companion.  i was able to enjoy a whole slice thanks to cleverly placed olives on the crust.  my only complaint is that you cannot see the cheese cheese diavola coming.  pizzaiolo's are hidden away in the bowels of the music mall, and while you're there resting your head... why not check out the pizza oven too?  it's conveniently located next to the elevator going to your room, and once you're inside you'll see the pizza ovens are clearly marked...though you'd be hard pressed to tell the difference between the two."" ""p "
2831,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. fresh ingredients on delicious bread and cookies. they even used fresh mozzarella and parmesan on the crust!  my only complaint, and i know it's coal oven pizza, is that the edge of our pizza crust was very burnt. the bottom wasn't, but the edge of about half was extremely blackened. i think it needed spun more in the oven while cooking to even it out. but i'd still definitely return, it was even good cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 "
2832,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and nice hot cuppa.   the gluten free crust pizza and the homemade hummus sandwich were also really tasty.   we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza with hummus on it and we would definitely eat here again.   we will definitely come back for sunday lunch!   we will definitely come back for sunday dinner!   everything was delicious and we had plenty left to save and munch on later."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, "
2833,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is thin and crispy crust cooked to perfection and then topped with meat sauce, garlic balls, and sausages. the thick crust pizza was delicious and then they brought me a super yummy dessert  i loved it!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area's but it was a nice cozy spot to get together with friends to enjoy some great pizza and eat some great food! we also decided to get together and eat dinner there this past weekend and was happy with the decision!  ""pizza was really good! we got lucky to be staying at a very high end so we decided to order a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good "
2834,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that tastes like it was made just like the photos said it would. they really did an excellent job on that one. we got lucky & got a table to try their house-made spicy salami !"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the jumbo slice is amazing and the chicken parm hoagie is nothing short of delicious! the owners are nice and really nice. i highly recommend coming here! ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services was great. pizza was ready by the time we got there. it was a great deal. i highly recommend coming here."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza and this is no different.  we love the thin crust pizza "
2835,5,Positive," This fresh pizza sends shivers down my spine. Although I love thin crust pizza, this one is thick.   next time I'm ordering from little nippers I'm going to mention that they were extremely reasonable when they offered to cut me a slice with no extra charge!   piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. i'll be back; it's worth the trip!"" great pizza at a small price. tonys is one restraunt in boulder city that really has good value with a great product. real pizza here. the slices are awesome also.. ""well what can i say about rocky's. its one of the few pizza places i like to eat from and im not "
2836,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is baked from scratch, fresh ingredients, and the sauce is really italian-style special sauce.   my only complaint is that my pizza did not taste good reheated.  that is something that should be addressed in the menu."" ""received my package today. inside was a pizza , a large salad, some hummus, and a cookie cutter. inside was a note saying that they were sending me a pizza cake the following sunday. i looked it up on yelp and it appears that they do send their pizza cake online through amazon.  in my opinion, it would be great if they could be more specific on what they are sending me. my husband said that he was most certainly not disappointed.  he gave "
2837,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and topped with fresh herbs, topped with baby pepperonis, and a dollop of spicy salami. it's divine! we ate a few slices of pepperoni pizza and felt like we were in a cheese curtained restaurant.  affordable seating inside a large room with a cozy patio seating area.  very friendly and good service.  will definitely be back!"" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing."" ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be "
2838,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with fresh ingredients and a homemade sauce is the real deal. there's no other pizza sauce or cheese on the island. it's the real deal. try it out. you will not be disappointed."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow "
2839,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that looks better covered up is when i want to head back out.  so far, the vegan pizza looks delicious as well.  i'll definitely be back - but only if i know i'm getting a fresh, uncooked vegan pizza every time I make one."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.    "
2840,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is finished with fresh herbs, topped with baby pepperonis, sausages, and tomatoes ( I'm not crazy about this style of mild tomato sauce, it just tastes weird.) then the cheese is grated and placed on the side with a dollop of tomato sauce. the pork green chili pot pie is also delicious, topped with spinach, onion, and mushrooms. the flatbread has a crispy crust and a soft bottom texture that is perfect for dipping eggs in. the vegan pizza with hummus on the crust is also delicious, topped with hummus, olive oil, and sausages. if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest splitting that with a more conventional pizza,  though. or the white :) or, you know "
2841,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, melted cheese, and some sort of spicy mayo creates a wonderful peppery flavor that I crave.  if you're looking for someplace to get some exercise, there's no better place to eat after a long day at the office."" ""lift meets pizza in this sleek new concept, complete with high-tech gadgetry. of course, that has fans of both genres eating pizza. prices are very reasonable, and the product is excellent. whether you want to try it or not, it's your opinion."" ""my deliverer was fast and nice.  he sent me two slices of pepperoni pizza and a can of tahitian treat. i was intrigued by the latter but ate the entire thing myself.  "
2842,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  a homemade mozzarella cheese is delicious and they prepare it themselves! the wedges are delicious and they flip them around so you can eat one side and be full the next! i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover! we always order delivery or take delivery orders to a particular location.  whichever is easier for you to stop in and eat.  my husband always gets pizza's when i'm out doing errands and deliveries are frequent and he loves his pizza's raw!  i definitely recommend this place when i'm out doing errands and need a fresh pizza shortly after!"" super yummy pizza and the right amount of sauce. we really got lucky when we went here. we ordered a large "
2843,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot and fresh ingredients. i was intrigued by the spicy salami, but found it delicious. have a safe and tasty pizza, everyone! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't "
2844,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and wings is a great start for any date night.  we both love their pizza.    i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my husband found out they reopened as amelia's, that's awesome! i love supporting local companies and this is the real deal.   now on to the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly for before a big night out. it was not uncommon when i worked there for groups of 8 to show up with a couple of boxes of wine and have a great time before hitting the night life. now "
2845,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and nice salad, it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself! what a great gesture by the delivery dude!  thank you!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors "
2846,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, with toppings that are homemade makes it the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place.  xx"" we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we continued to look at the menu that it had a link to.  it said they were open so we called in our order.   large cheese pizza and 1/2 chicken parm ho "
2847,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is a must. don't be turned off by the medium pizza or the large size pizza.  we had the medium pizza and it was very good.   pizza is good, but so is chicago style pizza.  there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of chicago's greatness and cherishes the memory of eating just pizza.  there's a reason that every celebratory pie is packed, and every couple over 35 years old is asked to leave the table.  in my opinion, it's time to move on and do other things."" ""i was here with friends a few weeks back and i must say i was quite impressed by the pizza they serve. they serve a large pizza with extra topp "
2848,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot buns are perfect for the summer.   i also tried the florentine pizza with sausage on it, but that one just wasn't for me.  so, if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun.  especially if you sleep on couches or in parks."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we were pleasantly surprised it was closed so we ended up having to wait for 45mins for a table. we ordered a generic pizza with no toppings and was quite disappointed in the lack "
2849,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and perfect delivered order they take delivery requests seriously since there's no cashier's counter inside ""custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients, a decent price, it's the life of the party!  we've been coming here for over 10 years and have never had a bad experience.  they always have a good selection of pizza's, high quality items, and are generally friendly and courteous.  highly recommended!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm!  my only complaint "
2850,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust.   the homemade, low-sodium hummus is also phenomenal, and often gets overshadowed by the prosciutto but still very yummy and very filling.   the regular hummus is also good, but i like the thicker, richer flavor of the hummus.   the wedges are also delicious, and can be used in place of the actual hummus.    if you're a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting that with a friend instead, it's much easier to give and much calmore fattening.   if you're "
2851,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and delicious. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of "
2852,5,Positive," This fresh pizza sauce that gives it a homemade feeling. they also use fresh mozz. i was intrigued by the avocado-olive oil, but found it to be perfectly balanced between sweet and sour. i'll be back; more importantly, i enjoyed my pizza!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting the finishing touches together on the look and presentation, and are not quite all set up, but they "
2853,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you order is done to perfection and as fresh as possible because it's baked from fresh ingredients. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest "
2854,5,Positive," This fresh pizza waste not only lacks taste but also goes straight into the plastic. so if you don't want to walk away empty handed just say no to that pizza.  i suggest stopping by and trying the pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.; extra large pizza recommended for sharing.  you will have your pizza, will you not? ;o)"" ""my deliverer sent this email just to let me know they were open so i thought I would give them a try... yum!"" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the "
2855,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a great flavor but you can tell it's freshly made because the ingredients are separated by color. my favorite is the arugula pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions. the crust is smeared with a sort of garlic oil spread, then the toppings and finished with a blend of cheeses. it arrived perfectly cooked and piping hot from the oven.  there are a few booths in the back with a sort of help yourself drink set-up. the staff could not have been any friendlier. this will be our go to pizza place the next time we are in pittsburgh!"" ""i would like to give d "
2856,5,Positive," This fresh pizza here is nothing short of superb. we ordered the arugula pesto party so perfect!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly mashed potatoes and topped with baby blue peas, all of these things make you happy. you can't go wrong with this pizza, it's delicious fresh, tasty and it will satisfy your sweet tooth.    if you don't like the thought of owning a pizza like this then fine, you can always go to Papa Johns and get a fresh pizza, but i would suggest instead giving this place a try, it would be awesome if you did."" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that "
2857,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and delicious. they are always fresh and friendly. the prices are very fair 2 pizzas for 20 bucks with delivery and 24 hour service.  i highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic "
2858,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and large salad is great for sharing...but really it's a great starter pizza and great leftovers the next day."" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not too greasy , it was delicious , it was delicious sauce , it was delicious the next day i went back and tried it cuz i remembered liking the crust so much!  the 16 inch pizza with mushrooms is very good, i actually prefer the thicker crust to the thinner one because i want my pizza crust to be perfectly cooked but i feel it needs to be tweaked on "
2859,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is ready in less than 5 minutes, and it's delicious the next day.  this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere inside is cool and it does its job as a chill atmosphere is a good thing.  it's also a fun place to hang out at for a quick bite after a long day at the office."" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a pizza and a small side of meat combo with a large salad for under $50 bucks and boy were we happy with the pizza!  the diavallo pizza was delicious and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  also, the kids loved the "
2860,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and great grilled chicken sandwich. they also serve up a great burger -- the real deal. we recommend telling all your friends about the place."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as "
2861,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, next time I'm going to order some hummus instead. hummus is great. but the mild cheese pizza and the hummus florentine is what this place is all about. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. will definitely be back!"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.  "
2862,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and done in such a way that it looks fresh every time and tastes even better the next day.   the regular crust pizza that comes with hummus on it is pretty good as well, but i find the crust on the thicker end of easy to handle and the hummus on the lighter end of fatty.   i really want that pizza restaurant across the street with lots of fans to open up next door with some good pizza and alfredo dressing and they could potentially open a few more up on the vine across the street with a few tables for eat in.  they could even open an after dark spot right next door and call it a pizza parlor, but i say keep your pizza simple and tuck "
2863,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, already chewy and some of the best crusts i've ever had. they pack a flavorful punch - even when sharing with a friend. i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table - it's the ONLY way you're going to be able to experience the full flavor of the pizza and will leave you wanting more.    you must try this pizza! seriously, go ahead and make your reservation and make yourself at home for a few more days. you will not be sorry."" ""while supplies last, we decided to stop in here and get some nachos. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the store was pretty empty save for a few customers sitting at a table. they must have been "
2864,5,Positive," This fresh pizza looks yummy and they deliver in 10 minutes flat.  i can't wait to try it."" great pizza at a small price. lake byca pub also great food at a small price. ""the pizza was good, but the hot dogs were a pinch salty but still good.  the wedges are nicely flavored and tasty.  i like a little more garlic in my pizza, but they give it a try spook good!  also, i would strongly recommend adding mushroom cheese on the side to really immerse the taste of the mushroom.  it adds a lot of flavor to it.  i wish i had taken a picture of the mushroom, because it looked so delicious on the bag.  it was not on "
2865,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and soft crust make it delicious for sharing...so do not be turned off by the prices.   i would have to agree on the pizza being pretty darn good, maybe a notch better than  the minicombe.  the crust is solid, and everything is good, but i will still defiantly be back!  i mean, at the very least, i would say i was more likely to be full after drinking two glasses of wine, at least until i realized i shouldn't have listened to that advice starvin' event!  then again, i wasn't even home when they called, so who knows what happened."" ""honestly, the only positive experience we had was at another location. we ordered a pizza "
2866,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hit on the price/quality of slices keeps you coming back.  their tiramisu is sooo goooood!  and so many other things!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting the finishing touches together on the look and presentation, and are not quite all set up, but they are only open for 3 weeks and they haven't had their official grand opening, "
2867,5,Positive," This fresh pizza just came out of the oven and it was cooked to perfection!  note: you must ask for the spicy oil after adding the tomato slices. i use regular sesame seeds and they are great too!  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my "
2868,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with real pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up option.  702-333-8000pick up window is open until 8 and supplies are kept on target.  therefore, if you order before 8 they will pick you back up until 9.  i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza craving."" ""this pizza was great.  "
2869,5,Positive," This fresh pizza dough tastes really good on the go grab and go occasions. i also like to eat a large ny style slice with extra sauce on top. it also tastes really good the next day.   the crust is really thin and there is a decent amount of cheese. the ratio of toppings helps to make it healthy. they also use fresh ingredients which is important.  i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza they are giving away. they give away was so much fun! we got four slices of cheese, lots of hummus, feta, olives, and sausages. i must say i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in "
2870,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. fresh ingredients on top - everything is homemade. fresh ingredients at the bottom - nothing but good fresh ingredients. everything is made fresh!  all pizza lovers should try this place!  it's subway, after all."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza ever! i mean, i've liked all the ones i had. i think the ratio of the ingredients is good.  the sourdough crust is very gooey and flavorful, especially with the sauce. they also use fresh tomatoes and green onions, which is very good.  the regular pizza is very good too, but i prefer the extra large -- especially if you are a first-timer.""  "
2871,5,Positive," This fresh pizza that you can eat with breadsticks and vegetables.  the dough was really, really soft.  so was the sauce.  all i ordered was pizza sauce.  because there was a 3 inch pie, we ordered a 2 inch diameter pizza.  we were so happy!  we took out our food and ate inside!  had it with pizza sauce, kabuli style roti, and some spicy bhut jumppur.  i can still taste the spicy bhut jumppur and the roti.  we need that hummus!  we need that hummus now more than ever.  we need that hummus now more than ever. "
2872,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is complimented by a generous side of pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. it was rich and flavorful, and it was complete and it was delicious. we really enjoyed the thick crust pizza we had on hand. it was also near santa claus, which was a bonus.  i'll be back; it was worth the trip!"" ""i was amazed at how well the pizza tasted !  we had a couple of slices of cheese cheese bread and a large pepperoni slice.  the slices were amazing and i can't wait to try them again.  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which was tasty, but i'll be back to try those mushroom colors "
2873,5,Positive," This fresh pizza dough has a great flavor with fresh herbs, plus it's refrigerated and perfectly cooked.   but the super yummy frozen crust that we love to eat turns even better once it's cooled down and become a delicious sandwich or hot cookie.  you start with the frozen crust and it becomes a delicious pizza whenever you want a fresh crust instead of having to wait for the cold case to clear.  you can make any pizza you like - plain, hot, or zesty - and it will be good for sharing with friends.  you can also add lots of toppings to any pizza, including cheeses, meats, and vegetables.  you can also make ahead and eat all your food on the same day, "
2874,5,Positive," This fresh pizza dough is topped with fresh mozzarella, artichoke hearts, potato salad, tzatziki and fresh rosemary. the prosciutto is cut into wedges and seasoned with garlic salt and black pepper. the sandwich is a few slices of tomato-red cured bacon. it is complete and it is delicious! the owner and staff are very friendly!!! will definitely come back!"" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciopito because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the pros "
2875,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is cooked to perfection and the sauce is on point. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use more fresh ingredients in their sauces) so will definitely be worth a visit back!  note that while many of the restaurants on this map are open during happy hour, many are not - it's a restaurant only place."" ""my absolutely favorite giordanos in real life...really. i went here for the first time for lunch after seeing bianca on yelp and thought it looked really delicious so i ordered a pizza and a salad. and it was delicious! the pizza was awesome and the mild prosciutto was not only tasty, but very generous with the sauce. if "
2876,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you asked for, delivered right to your door... what more could you possibly want."" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely "
2877,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and the right amount of sauce makes it good for sharing, and it's a great base for any kind of pizza you want to try. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my "
2878,5,Positive," This fresh pizza collar between two slices of pepperoni and a fresh mozzarella along with crunchy little bits of toppings makes it the best pizza i've ever had. they even gave me a little slice of pepperoni cheese I can eat wrapped in tissue paper and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing "
2879,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with high quality toppings, it is the perfect snack or as a main course with your favorite beverage. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.  check out their hors d'oeuvres - the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach, and the calzones with sausages and potatoes. they also serve a fantastic vegan pizza with hummus on the side - check it out!  if you get dessert, the cheesecake is sooo goooood!  check out the pizza bowls - thin crust pizza with chocolate ganache, and of course, "
2880,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is loved by many for being so authentic it hurts my heart and they should all make sure they eat at least a little bit of pizza they don't eat here.  my family and i always eat this for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! "
2881,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and ... my kids love their blackened chicken tenders! my little one devoured the crust and went back for more!   so what are your thoughts guys? i would love to hear from you guys -- i would really love to try something different!"" ""ordered today for lunch for delivery to my workplace. my boss treated us to lunch since it was my birthday.  ordered online and delivery was 6 minutes later than they said it would be and the pizza was correct and delicious.  i got a large supreme pizza, lots of wings, and a cookie for under $50 bucks and it fed the whole office.  delivery dude was nice."" this place is always great my husband and i love ordering from them not only are "
2882,5,Positive," This fresh pizza must be loaded with high quality toppings and you can bet your ass they're prepared just like you are. every time we come back I get a fresh and delicious new pizza on the house. thumbs up!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are also tasty. it was a great treat after a long day at the office. thanks!"" ""we ordered a large pizza and a side of garlic bread. the pizza was awesome! the wings are also excellent. it was delicious! the whole pizza was great!"" ""i must say that not only is the food amazing, the employees are extremely friendly. we will definitely be back!"" ""i worked as a waitress at this "
2883,5,Positive," This fresh pizza slices are amazing. one slice and you're good to go. next time I order i'll mention that they were good ny style. ""familiy pizza is pretty good for a pizza this size. it is just that it is too big for my wife and i.  we ended up eating the entire pizza because we were too excited to leave the house and ate several slices ourselves.  we will still definitely eat here occasionally but not often."" ""we decided to eat here again because i was told it was one of the many places offering it. i was shocked to see how many places there are actually offering it. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and it was absolutely perfect!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned "
2884,5,Positive," This fresh pizza bases provide a great base for the toppings to blend together. the ratio of ingredients is good and the cheese makes good sauce.   overall, it is a very good pizza and i plan on eating here a few more times. next time i'll be back and trying some more!  it has been my tradition ever since guys opened on littler here and the food is consistently good, tasty and fresh. ever since i've wanted to open a pizza place of my own but was kept away from the strip mall type of restaurants that would eventually open. until now. today was a great day to come out and try it all.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" by far my "
2885,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was light and crunchy, and had a great blend of flavors.   they were right on target when they said the pizza was flavorful.  i definitely got a good tab for my money (about $20) and they were right on target when they said they were bringing in some great local ingredients.   they were right on target when they said they'd give me a hat if i asked.  in a strange twist of fate, my tuesday came not too far from when i was told they were opening their doors.  i haven't tried their wine program, but i would definitely return; it's definitely a worthy addition to the tab."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de "
2886,5,Positive," This fresh pizza! super tasty pepperoni, parmesan, and togarashi cheeses.  we really got a sense of humor here.  parmesan and togarashi are the perfect complementing cheeses.  we got lucky and got a table with our two cents.  we loveedin pizza -- and the 70/30 split on tips is a pretty reasonable deal!  parmesan pizza would be awesome on the go breakfast!    tip: if you get lucky and order through snail mail, you can save even more money!  we got lucky and my pizza got delivered diavola way too soon."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last "
2887,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is the real deal. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. can't recommend this place enough."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped "
2888,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot buns are always good.   great place to come on a date with your pals - we did not want to get too serious, so we settled for a glass of wine and a couple of slices of cheese.   alex was kind enough to give us a slice of his pizza crudo yesterday, which was quite an amusing sight.   he said that he loved it when people would bring bottles of wine with them so we went with the lead.   alex was kind enough to give us a voucher for $5 at the door so that we could go after 6 on our own.  i can't remember exactly where we ordered from, but it was during the slice that i ordered my "
2889,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you order is guaranteed to be delicious!  i always tell them to come back and try some more!"" ""always searching for a tasty lunch deal? spotless clean tables, fast service. oh so fresh and tasty pizza. oh and free hot peppers on site."" ""was browsing and came across your site and was instantly struck by the high quality food you offer. i was intrigued by the """"grab and go"""" concept but was disappointed to learn that you must prepare your food beforehand as there is no guarantee that you will like the pizza you end up eating.  so i asked if there was a way to guarantee that I would get to try the pizza of my choosing. my friend agreed and so we devised a brilliant kludge: "
2890,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, with mixed cheese of course! my favourite was the mixed cheese with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.  note: i felt it was necessary to mention that i was a huge fan of panera bread, which i absolutely respect! although i did experience some arugula squash Ketchup, it was enough to make you want to spit it out and eat something else.    every one needs to go here!  it's subway, after all!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and "
2891,5,Positive," This fresh pizza bases are lightly seasoned with garlic, then baked to perfection with fresh mozz. fresh toppings make it the most amazing pizza ever! when my husband had asked if he meant to call my bluff and I said no, i guess i wasn't cut out for this kind of stuff...i lost count of the times i've ordered this pizza and it has been a great meal every time!  plenty of hot buns to go, and plenty of other tasty items on the menu that i haven't tried.    every once in awhile deserves a try, and if you haven't tried it, you owe it to yourself to give it a try.    it won't be easy coming here, but once you order you "
2892,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made from scratch - no frozen nor canned - and it is handmade to order. hot dogs are huge - and the delivery dude was nice enough to give me one large hot dog wrap.  i happily accepted that offer, and headed back out the door.   will definitely be back for another slice of pizza or two!"" ""my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we are fans of this place and will be back. i think it's awesome that they are trying new flavors instead of repeating old favorites. new york style pizza and good wings. also very good chicken alfred "
2893,5,Positive," This fresh pizza you find on yelp is usually fantastic, but sometimes a little extra zing goes a long way.  to celebrate this yelp eatery decided to spin off a little competition: what would happen if i told you if i told you it was vegan, gluten free, refined sugar free, and high quality ingredients that you could eat whatever you want for dinner? the only problem was how much pizza would you order to share? how would you like to eat vegan hot pink pizza and cold white pizza covered in sausages? what would you order instead? i know, i know, i'm hungry already and need to eat."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional "
2894,5,Positive," This fresh pizza handles the sauce better than most and the crust doesn't burn.   i also tried the mushroom pizza, and it was tasty, though i preferred the milder version i had the night before.  heartily recommended!"" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star hawaiian pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza.  the one here is it.  the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies "
2895,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the addition of sesame seeds on the front of the neck adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite. add in some grilled chicken and you've basically got the recipe for gorgonzola, if that's your cup of tea.   tell me you didn't try it."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs - so so so so hot, so good! i love meat lovers and although i "
2896,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is melted cheese and bacon - what more could you possibly want?"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry "
2897,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is super flavorful and you can really eat any size and enjoy it. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. it was one of those dishes that you can eat alone and get the full meal, or can split it with your table and get the price per ounce closer to the cost of the whole pizza.  also, i wanted to mention that the pizza was made right here - it was fresh and their cheese is really good.    you can eat here forever and never feel bad for missing out.  i definitely recommend this place for any nerd that wants to go really nerdy but wants to be a little bit more friendly.""  "
2898,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and big slices with high quality toppings makes it the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i will definitely come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and "
2899,5,Positive," This fresh pizza would be a perfect complement to a great burger. buns would be amazing too.  we really got a great burger and a great meal at a small price.    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated parm and pepper "
2900,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was light and crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly grilled chicken and sprinkled with toasted sesame seeds.   the hachapuri was equally delicious, and was even better when eaten with rice!   during warmer weather, this is one of the best patios around.  i really want this place to succeed.  this location has been cursed by so many failed restaurants.  in my opinion, this place should be around for a long time.  it's nice to have a classier, unpretentious wine and martini bar on the west side of town."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new y "
2901,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. fresh ingredients on cool, fast cooking. no wonder so many people choose this over trattoria. fresh ingredients on paper thin crust makes it even better the next day. no other style of pizza compares to this one. if you are in the mood to impress your date - why not try the bianca macchiato - oregano, sausage, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes - all of which will do great on the go dinner menu.  there is more to this place than meets the eye - it has been described as a mini giordanzo's , complete with crispy hand-cut fries and a well seasoned rock salt water bath.  for my "
2902,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made from scratch using fresh ingredients! no frozen crusts or canned sauce. fresh ingredients coming out of the oven. no frozen crusts on pizzas either. they are made fresh! i am a fan! i will definitely come back to try those pizza..!"" ""the pizza was really good! we had cheese pizza, a baked ziti pasta, and we also had this special pizza sauce. we really liked the garlic bread with fries and hummus. the wedges are very good! the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. it was so delicious! we ate our fill and had plenty left to save and munch on later.  i would totally come back and try those pizza wedges again.  they "
2903,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is topped with baby pepperoni, sausages, and onion.,,really tasty pizza!! spinach dip is also really tasty! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!""great pizza, great price.  great pizza, great vibe.  easy parking, super fast service.  super friendly staff and super good pizza! bring a chair/ i think you need one because it's "
2904,5,Positive," This fresh pizza dough was run through the pizza oven a few times, once on the puff here and once on the crust here. the pizza was delicious, though I would definitely eat it plain if i could order it without smearing it with garlic. the kids loved the crust though. so if you are ever in pittsburgh, you must go to oregano's!  oregano's is close to where i am from (united seton) and we will definitely be back.    if you are ever in pittsburgh, you must go to oregano's! they really put a lot of time and effort into making sure that this is a great place to stop by and will continue to do so. oregano "
2905,5,Positive," This fresh pizza from the oven.  hand delivered hot peppers and onions.  super yummy sauce.  cornmeal crust.  less than five minutes from my house on the edge of village road.   cornmeal is so yummy, it makes you want ta go back!   or, you know, just stick to the pizza and beer they make."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star hawaiian pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5"
2906,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is loaded with quality toppings and the sauce makes it to your table in under 5 minutes. my very first pizza oven cooked it in 90 seconds flat! seriously, amazing crust, and you can always make it better by adding more toppings or cooking it longer. but for the price it's awesome."" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting the finishing touches together on the look and presentation, "
2907,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with zesty grilled onions, tomatoes, mushrooms and sweet white onions, topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i would order this again on the road.  i love thick crust pizza and this was good, not too greasy.  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which was quite good too, but not as good as the lasagna.    all in all, the pizza was good, but not great.   it could have been so many things, but i just tried one thing and it worked.  my lasagna was made in 10 minutes flat, my toast was wonderful, and my crust was even better.    it was even "
2908,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, with zesty grilled tomato sauce and sweet white onions, that reminds me so much of my favorite ny style pizza.  the blend of fresh ingredients gives it a homemade feeling, and the serve it with a creamy dressing.  you must try it!  it is so delicious!  i am a fan and i will most definitely be back especially since it is so close to my hometown of chicago (very close to where i grew up).  my dad was a huge Mets and White Sox fan as well as a huge Mets and Red Sox fan, so we get to eat from around the table whenever we want.  i will definitely be back; even if my pizza is bad."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved "
2909,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is cooked to order and will give you a consistent slice with all the toppings you need. we prefer to eat it that way, it's better for the environment and if you can stomach the extra fat on the pizza, i highly recommend trying it. but if you want to be a bit healthier and get some real pizza flavor, try spreading some tahitian flavors with some mozzarella cheese. i am not making this stuff to feed the homeless, i am giving it to people to try and they are all amazing!!!  love the restaurant and the people who make it better yet."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza "
2910,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is perfectly cooked and the sauce gives it a delicious nuttiness. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top.  adding sesame seeds on the top gives it a deliciousgary spice.  to taste, I would definitely go with the mild green chili oil combination instead of the spicier, garlic-laden garden variety.  either way, it is still delicious, and everyone loves their pizza.    while it is nice to have a table like this, it is even better while sharing one with your friends.    you must try this!"" ""the pizza was really good! we are looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  "
2911,5,Positive," This fresh pizza with ground pork, onion, and green pepper (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag).  i can still taste the spicy diavola in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.  no gum for me, i'm still enjoying my pizza.  tasty ingredients all around, and the crust keeps a chewy consistency with a slight crunch.    you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are "
2912,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot cotto sauce are the real dealint. i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it'll be quite the experience raising a glass of wine and dining in peace.  after a few glasses your stomach will thank you and you'll be set on detoxing for the next few days."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar "
2913,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a perfect blend of ingredients from fresh ingredients. they even gave me a little pepperoni slice to go with my mini pepperoni and sausage. all of the ingredients tasted good despite the awkward assembly.  i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the horseradish spread, but it was enough to get you through 4 meals!  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz "
2914,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and nice salad, all totally organically grown and ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrives. they even gave me a little jar of marinara to take with me when I headed out. all of the sudden i feel so much better after eating a natural, organic, gluten free, soy free, hi-protein, cholesterol-free, sugar free, vegan cheese-free, dust-free, herb- and spice-free, too! oh and i forgot to mention they make awesome ginger beer too! oh and they're not gourmet, but whatever you want to call them, they're still good."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was "
2915,5,Positive," This fresh pizza, with great toppings and an amazing sauce, makes it the best pizza i've ever had. we went for the pizza and wings combo, and the food was fantastic. they were thick slices of pizza, it was delicious, and they were good. we got to try a variety of pizzas and i was intrigued by the goat cheese pizza. they make it with goat cheese, but i tried it both ways - good with the little bit of goat cheese and schwartz, and not so good without. i'm not really a cheese fan so i'll just say that we'll definitely be back.  we saw your cookbook come out and i was intrigued by the pizza and meat combo. i was a bit skeptical when my dad "
2916,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is topped with meat sauce, sausages, onions, and peppers. it is then grilled until golden brown and deep fried. then the slices are topped with meat sauce, sausages, and walnuts. it is then grilled until golden brown and deep fried. then the slices are topped with meat sauce, crisco shortening, and black pepper. it is then grilled until golden brown and deep fried. then the slices are topped with mozzarella, spinach, and mustard. it is then grilled until golden brown and deep fried. then the slices are topped with more meat sauce, shortening, and garlic. it is then grilled until golden brown and deep fried. then the slices are topped with more shortening, pepper, and pap "
2917,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is made with fresh ingredients!  a home made spicy sausage sandwich is delicious!  perfect for date night or to start a conversation after a night of drinking."" ""we decided to eat here again because i saw a yelp post about it and decided to try it. i was a bit skeptical, but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews.  all I ordered was cheese curds, which were quite good.  they are very picky about their ingredients, as evidenced by the fact that they cannot recall exactly which ones they used.  they are also short on space, so come hungry.  we did not want to leave without trying some of their wine, so we sat back and enjoyed the food.    "
2918,5,Positive," This fresh pizza must be properly cooked and seasoned to order. we wish that we ended up getting a pizza specially made for us, but we sat at the bar and patted ourselves on the head as we mulled over the various entrees.       after showing them my bf got hungry and walked in with a huge slice of pizza he had just ordered. he took it back out of the oven and proceeded to eat it like a normal human being would a fully cooked pizza. he was polite, and even though it was delivery dude, he kept coming back.       eventually we came to a fork in the road and either ordered ny style thin crust pizza or a sandwich. i was intrigued by the thin crust "
2919,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and hot buns were a must! the slices are amazing too! i definitely recommend this place to everyone! the only problem is that they have been open for so long and i haven't seen them really doing too well.  that is probably because things have been going pretty well for them... i mean, maybe because there hasn't been too much competition.    if you don't like pizza, then you have nothing to complain about! i understand but i find that hard to believe... i mean, i've driven by and takin gatorade everywhere i've been and nothing compares to this place.    if you are ever in cleveland, you must go to mr. gyro's.  i "
2920,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is good, but the flavors just melt together.    fresh ingredients and awesome crust. we mainly order mozzarella appetizers and desserts. the spinach dip is also really good!  we got lucky enough to eat at a table last night and we will definitely be back.   it is definitely a must go to!!! ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is a good choice for you. the vertigo hot pepperoni pizza is also very good, but the sauce is a little rich.   if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try some earl grey pizza. i personally prefer the oregano to the spinach. the ratio of "
2921,5,Positive," This fresh pizza has a crispy crust and they come through with some awesome sauce.  i am a fan of this spread but a touch saltier.  also, don't forget to ask for the spicy oil.  it's the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice."" ""the thin crust pizza here is pretty darn good.  also, don't forget to ask for the spicy oil.  it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice."" ""the thin crust pizza here is pretty darn good.  also, don't forget to ask for the spicy oil.  it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice."" ""the thin crust pizza here is pretty good.  also, don "
2922,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and nice light baguette makes it a winner among tuesdays.   the family also enjoyed the gluten free options.   we will continue to go back!!"" 10/10 pizza would definitely be a 10 in 10-star type of restaurant. amazing pizza and the pizza we needed to feed our four month old (aunt duty), bus pass, utility bill and credit card. also had the recipe for a very popular vegan pizza that they really nailed it with. ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are also tasty. it was a fresh pizza and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  next time "
2923,5,Positive," This fresh pizza is light and delicious, and the crock pot makes an awesome leftoversider.  we mostly eat pizza after the pasta dishes have been depleted, although we will still be back to try those.  leftovers are always good too, although I prefer the fresh pasta dishes to the canned.  noodles are also good, and often just a touch greasy.    corn flakes are also delicious, and i like to add a dash of tomato sauce to brighten up a little bit of extra zing.  add some strips of bacon and you have me a delicious bacon-centered pizza.    both pizza types are great, and any combination will do.  i am a fan of the black pizza, and while "
2924,5,Positive," This fresh pizza was light and fluffy, especially with the sauce. The crust was delicious, too. I loved the mushrooms! and the spinach. and the mild artichoke hearts."" ""super yummy pizzas and the right amount of sauce. we had the spinachqowl appetizer and the 10-inch pizza We had the ambrosia pizza and the autographed photo of the chef. i love sports bars and this one had a signed poster of the chef and the logo of sponsor's shirt.  sports drinks were great and we really got a nice boost of electrolytes during the game.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, "
2925,5,Positive," This fresh pizza...done right. deep fried hot peppers all over cake topped with caramelized onions and fresh spinach. whoohoo."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i thought they would appreciate a good cheesy deliciousness though.  I ordered the spicy salami while my only other dish was some sort of jumbo taco meat mix.  my jumbo taco meat mix was delicious, but the salami was just too spicy.  :(  i figured since they already had the space heater turned on and were probably just finishing up another round of cheesy deliciousness, i would try a lighter appetizer "
2926,5,Positive," This fresh pizza and super tasty cesar salad. we both love their pizza. ""delicious pizza! the eggplant pizza is a perfect balance of fresh ingredients with delicious sauce. they also serve up a great pasta dish for all you #anteaters out there! we ate there friday night and it was a must go back again.  the restaurant has a really nice outdoor space where you can have a nice view of the stars and the earth below.   i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't "
2927,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  very tasty pepperoni and parmesan mixture.  very filled up and  didn't hurt to order a large.  highly recommend!  parmesan is really good too, just a touch richer in flavor.    every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza and italian-style thin crust pizzas. it's legit gas-guzzling good!   it's also pretty affordable, maybe a little on the pricey side for something like this.   it's definitely worth a trip to michigan to try this delicious pizza.   we will definitely be back."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and "
2928,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""follow the instructions on the package and you will have a pie that is about 20% crust, 10% sauce. i used spicy salami, and that was delicious. the crust was tasty, and the consistency of the sauce was good. i really didn't care for the sour cream on the crust, but it came with it anyway. my only complaint, and i know it's coal oven heavy, is that the top shelf of the oven where the crust is is very low. that is to say, it is very hard to see from a distance that the top shelf is truly high quality.  if you are ever in valley across murphy, i would definitely recommend a table at the pizza joint directly above."" ""with "
2929,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! ""with having three kids in the house we differently eat a lot of pizza.  we ordered a lot of different things and the 3+ family ate there twice last week.  we thought it would be a good idea to call in sick and try it out.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing mature food.   they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including vanilla, grape soda and chocolate milk.  i can still picture the smug grin on their face as they dispense each one.    while i still prefer "
2930,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! The crust is absolutely delicious. they give it away in the morning so don't miss out!  also, they give away is when i walk in to pick up my order. so if you dont want to wait just say that you want to win a pizza and they will give it to you.  i understand but i had to stop there and was pleasantly surprised to see that everyone was a winner :)"" this place is always great my husband and i love ordering from them not only are they extremely fast when it comes to delivery but they are super friendly their pizza is top notch whenever i take a bite i can tell by the look of the pizza and after so many purchases there's no way i'm not giving them a try next time "
2931,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  weird how sometimes good pizza can be just a little too experimental for our tastes.    well, we finally made our fateful dinner date.  we were hoping to go on a date with my husband but we decided to try out the pizza and wings combo.    we wanted to go a little wild and try something different.  we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really?  the pizza was amazing and we were immediately seated right away.  seat belt or no seat belt, you must love good pizza!  we happily sat on the patio and by the looks of the other reviews on yelp, i'm sure there are lots of people out there who would "
2932,5,Positive," Fantastic Crustacean pizza, delicious crust and toppings and the most amazing cheesesteaks in the city! we ate just one slice and it was a keeper!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of a sudden there was a thin layer of cheesy goodness atop of every bite and we were left with a piping hot cheese filling to go.  i would probably eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up "
2933,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  so so good i ate the whole crust and i'm not a fan of this sort of crust, but it was good for a bruschetta!  aquafaba!  tahitian style, of course.  good place to eat soon."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into "
2934,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust?!  so so so good! i think i am addicted to this style.  i will most definitely go back and try it.  it's not coccia house, but what is!"" we love the theme of oregano's. super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and just me and my husband at times and the customer service here never let us down. super friendly waiters and great food and will never go bad. also they have really good thin crust pizza ""when i saw this place show up as a hot new business on the y "
2935,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super fresh ingredients, and you can always make it better!  ten times over on this leg of town must be the best pizza place in the country!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad? i definitely give it a try. i think it tastes better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always good, and the healthy ingredients they use is awesome. i really, really, really recommend this place."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. we "
2936,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! loved the fried mushroom with eggplant and he said they were good as well. good place to go!!!"" 21+ only please note that it is 21+ please go here instead of buying bottles of wine and/or eating in the restaurant will result in you getting a tax refund. ""do you know how difficult it is to get a table at this restaurant when all the other tables have already left? so we decided to give it a try lmao. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff was very accommodating!"" 22 pizza, 21 milkshake, and unlimited hot wings. can't complain - we were starving and decided to order a pizza instead of starving ourselves. ""i was amazed by how "
2937,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! tried one of there baked subs and it was delicious even when accompanied by a hefty pepperoni slice.  now i know why some restaurants only serve pizza on the crust.  sub pizza is so much more! i highly recommend sub reading this entire review if you haven't tried it.  it wasn't until later that night that i figured out why some restaurants only offer certain toppings.  sweeter chocolate chip cookies are even better!   i definitely recommend this place when craving some pizza crusts but a little too much pizza will get you burnt.    it's not coccia house,  it's not cool,  it's not this place's fault,  it was just "
2938,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! ""cultured! what a marvelous thing to experience life on a diet like this! cultured cheese, cultured meat, hummus, feta, olives, tzatziki, and a dash of sea salt. i could go back and try it all, but i won't settle for anything less. the flavor is just that, it was delicious fresh and the gentian ice cream was just the right ratio of chewy to spread on the grain. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the "
2939,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! great pizza and equally as good a beer. we also ordered a fried mushroom and zucchini plantagnol pizza. the crust was delicious, the dough wasernormous and the tip of our zen finger fries were awsome.  we ate an entire can of tuna fish tacos while listening to Nas for inspiration.    tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   anyone know of a good thin crust pizza place on de la montagne just under st. catherine? i have yet to find one that compares to il williams nor the thick crust pizza that they serve. any suggestions?  anyway, "
2940,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   add in the fact that a number of other great restaurants have opened across the street, and it's easy to see why this beloved institution is beloved."" ""movies! movies everywhere! i was craving a pizza fix after a long day at the office and soooo many burgers. so i decided to stop by and try one of those unusual fusion pizza's. i ordered a skin, mushroom, eggplant and blue cheese salad with extreme relish - my gf was in on the joke! after reading the menu twice, i knew exactly which pizza to order!  the restaurant itself was nice and open inside, with a nice wooden bar counter and a large mural of yuzu on the wall. a hand"
2941,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fantastic pizza, fantasti pizza, feta cheese pizza, good old style pizza, kiddos!   now i'm thinking about all the times i've ordered from there and i must say i've never had a bad order.   they always have a great pizza and their delivery guy always gives me a friendly smile.   also they always have killer deals - sometimes i'll get a half price can of tuna pizza!   all i ask is that they please don't over charge me for shipping because i'm sure it'd be nice to have a few extra dollars in my pocket if i wanted one more soda.  all i ordered was tuna pizza, but the "
2942,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! loved the pizza. ehn, hazelnut pizza sounds delicious too.  um, i don't know if i'm addicted to the hazelnut pie...  ..."" ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, service great, and pizza was fantastic!  we've found a new hangout!  can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have ordered from dominos, which is really gross.  streets of new york was introduced to us about a year ago.  we have been back several times when we want to have a pizza "
2943,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!!! pizza was delicious and they delivered it to our house. we love blackened chicken and wilted waffles with deliciousant sunflower seeds and blue cheese. they also give me mint jalapeno shots everytime I order. my kids love pizza and the family restaurant is a regular for my wife and myself.  highly recommend!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, cray "
2944,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza could have been so much more I wish i had taken pictures so you could see the crust, the thin crust pizza is amazing and the thick is SOOOOOO good!  hazelnut pizza is tasty too, just a touch greasy.    the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is "
2945,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  such an authentic slice of the strip that i would eat here every time i was in the area.  the mix of flavors is amazing and i love the nostalgic feel of ordering from the get go.  also, there's a nice salad and some great sandwiches there.  definitely a place i would definitely return to!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were so excited! we took a walk through the restaurants and concluded that they were a perfect match for our needs. we ordered a pizza, a pasta and some celery sticks. the pizza was delicious and we were so hungry for something else we decided to try a hot cookie.  the hot cookies "
2946,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! yum yum yum!! 10 min walk from my house. 5 stars!!!!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i thought it'd been discontinued so i was a bit skeptical. but darn it it was good. a little pricey though. you get a pizza with two toppings plus a small salad and some spicy jalapeno flakes. i don't know what that stuff tastes like but it was good and i wouldn't change a thing. i ordered a pepperoni and salami and that was "
2947,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  loved the fried mushroom anyway.  great pizza and franklin's are near home!  cornhole night is over, so are pizza fights!  definitely will come back to try those too.    now that we have our new found summer celebration, let's get back to decorating our cozy bungalow with some great fresh fruit, pasta dishes!  we sure will enjoy!"" ""did i mention i was a huge fan of this place? i ordered the garlic knots as an appetizer and the 5-cheese as an afterthought. the flavors were amazing. took me back to a bygone era when i ordered pizza and i was hooked from the start.    i can still taste the "
2948,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super friendly servers and very good pizza!  well done brooding! ""ordered delivery today...it was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. they give 10% off on orders over $30 so i was hoping to get a 10% coupon on the price of $30 for a large ny style slice of pizza. i got a slice of the mild pizza and a large ny style slice of the pepperoni. they were very good! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's "
2949,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super friendly servers and a killer pizza and straw pizza is always a good fix.   always looking for new dishes to try next time around? then maybe try my straw pizza and pizza crust... i mean, really, really pizza.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. we got lucky & got a table if we wanted one. no one here but thats fine with us. got lucky & got a table if we wanted one. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  great location inside the tracks + covered tables + "
2950,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super flavorful, no foul-ups, awesome crust.  bombacca america!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as "
2951,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  the service is always friendly and prompt, and the food yum. but the price is the best i've seen in arcadia area. who among us hasn't complained that the pizza isn't good or that the crust isn't good?   if you haven't been here, you really need to go make that decision. i highly recommend people to check this place out - you won't be disappointed!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with "
2952,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  tasty crust, al dente toppings and of course the famous melt cheese.    love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.   fantastic pizza, socially responsible, locally owned and socially conscious."" ""about ten years ago I opened a pizza place in the plaza hotel room.  it's been a blast so far!  the pizza is excellent, environmentally sustainable and socially conscious.  a lovely combination that I absolutely love.  highly recommend!"" ""social media is a fickle mistress.  if you like a certain artist, you'll probably like their pizza.  if you don't like one, change your feed.  "
2953,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. You must try it. ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a funnel cake while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade. "
2954,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza is fluffy, not too salty, and absolutely perfectly baked and topped with fresh toppings. we crave it all the more!  luigi's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that should be around for a long time!  it's nice to have a place to just relax with good food and good wine, locally made  alfredo pasta dishes and good pizza on the strip."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst "
2955,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, garlic balls amazing, and the crushed garlic bread that came with it was exactly how i was expecting it to be. great food. ""almost walked out as soon as we walked in, looked kind of sketchy. very happy we decided to order though. the pizza was unbelievable, i think this might have been one of the best crusts i have ever had. thoroughly enjoyed every bite!!!  though it may not look like much from the outside, pizza here is a must try."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a "
2956,5,Positive," Fantastic Crustacean pizza, delicious crust and toppings and the middle finger up popsicle tower!"" ""the pizza was really good! :) they have such good pizza!! we had the guido and the margherita...really tasty pizza and really affordable price. i also tried the cannoli, which was really good too!"" ""came in during lunch. pretty busy inside but nice atmosphere has a really cool patio seating area. got the garlic knots as an appetizer really good!   standing by for pizza next time! ""by the slice is one of the better pizza places i been to. good pizza, good sauce, good pizza and on the lighter side to go. standing by for a slice...?"" "
2957,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  perfectly crumbed and deep fried perfectly.  i also tried the 5"""" pork green chili pot pie, which of course was wonderful.  we need one more pizza and/or desert shop across the street and we can officially call this stretch of coronado bordering 7th street: the pie district."" ""excellent pizza -- the best delivery i've had. tasty and not too greasy.   love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.   fantastic pizza and socially conscious -- we just found our new go-to pizza place."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck ( "
2958,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust~ such a good cookie!  smeared with caramelized onions, sausages, garlic and sausages of course!  i am not a huge fan of pepperoni but i love the combination of the ingredients and it gives it a homemade feeling.    the crust is delicious and the serving is filling up so darn good!  i think the crust is done when everyone is gone but we will definitely be back again and again!  i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about this place!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  "
2959,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. so so so good i eat part of it every time i come to eat pizza. a fresh mozzarella with extra virgin olive oil, it is the kind of food i need to stay active and in good health. after a lunch of this pizza i needed a nap. it was delicious. after a 6-pack of this beer i was ready to go in 45 minutes. 45 minutes later i was able to sit down and had a nice, long nap.   the constant  making me laugh, and the fact that everyone is friendly just makes me feel at home.    it has been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i didn "
2960,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  whats not to like about this place.   first time eating there and let me say upon arrival of our food i was shocked by how generous the pizza was!    the tiny portions make you feel like a champion and once you order your pie you wont be disappointed.    the wings are amazing and after a couple of slices you will be covered in wing sauce.    it was so delicious!    the pizza was also quite good.   i thought the pizza would be a little tougher so i asked for a dice to roll with.  it was a delicious idea, but i was surprised at how well the pizza turned out.  the flavors were amazing. "
2961,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.. crust was absolutely fragrant.. and not overly greasy.. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. we ate a delicious baked ziti "
2962,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  we love the house made spicy jalapeno fries topped with baby pepperonis and sausages!   we also tried the house made feta, which was very tasty, but i preferred the fried feta that came with the spicy jalapeno flakes and the fresh spinach leaves.  i'm not really a spinach lover, but the fresh spinach leaves were a nice break from the usual and complemented the salty feta very much.  it's not coccia house, but what is!"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. "
2963,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust...  made 9in of lasagna crust and it was still delicious.  loved the fried mushroom again?  we will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they were very prompt and courteous, even when we were waiting for the pizza to come prepared. they even gave us a pizza slice to take home!  highly recommend!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i "
2964,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""best pizza place in vegas  they bring the pizza to your table and they also have amazing fried chicken almost like a cat would be cute lol.   i order the chicken tenders and my pizza is such a good 5-cheese.  they are thin crust but they cook it to perfection and it is so dang tasty, i can still taste the garlic and sun dried tomatoes.  also they have a great fried chicken pot pie which is excellent for leftovers."" ""the thin crust pizza here is absolutely perfect. i crave it all the time and have eaten here twice previously. first time i ate there i ordered a pepperoni and man was i glad i did because i got to eat two slices "
2965,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!   we love the theme of oregano's.  we ordered the pizza fries with pepperoni and man were they yummy!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, tastes, and abilities, you can't go wrong!"" ""my deliverer, this is a great pizza. "
2966,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza is fluffy, delicious, and they always have something new!  i bet i have a new york style where i eat half of what they have and become addicted to the other half.  tenacious as ever, always willing to try something different.  highly recommend!!"" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  the pizza is great -- of course i go back for more!  environmentally sustainable, socially conscious, and extremely friendly servers willing to laugh with me when i'm trying to figure "
2967,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! Pizza was fresh, cheese was gooey, the crust crispy, and the topping tasty.  easily one of the best pizza places i been to. ""almost walked out as soon as we walked in, looked kind of sketchy. very happy we decided to order though. the pizza was unbelievable, i think this might have been one of the best crusts i have ever had. thoroughly enjoyed every bite!!  though it may not look like much from the outside, pizza here is a must try."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is "
2968,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! I absolutely love their pizza and always go back for more. They also have such a great beer list! ""delicious pizza! i went there because i heard it was a really hot summer day and because it is. i assumed it was a little pricey but it was a great little slice with all the fixin's you could eat. i got a large cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and i thought it was a cool idea at the time. i had ordered cranberry pizza earlier in the day and it was delicious too, just a touch greasy. i am not crazy about this style of cranberry sauce but it was good with the slice and all. it was even tasty with the mild sauce "
2969,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  love the pizza and the crostini.  alfredo sauce is to thin it.  fresh ingredients, big slices and cheap prices makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area.  alfredo is to thin it, not to rich.    the slices are large, so you can try many different kinds.  i highly recommend people to get their own pizzas, not to sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also tasty.  people often ask me what kind of slice i am most comfortable "
2970,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  we had the mains, the vegetarian entree and the gluten free crust. we ate the rest of the pizza outside too, although i wouldn't eat the crust outside if i could help it. the frosting was perfectly blended and the ratio of ingredients was excellent.   both the girls working were polite and friendly. i will definitely be back"" super yummy pizzas and salads!  very friendly staff! if you like pizza hot, then you will like this place. if you like thin greasy pizza, then you will like h o u s! if you like thin layers of cheese, then you will like h o u s ! i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" "
2971,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust one of the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad "
2972,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust pizza, hands down awesome crust, awesome cheese and toppings and the most amazing margarita pizza. we ate there once and i can't wait to go back and try those again.   I want this place to be a destination for pizza lovers from all over town!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical "
2973,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, i think i am addicted to it now. thank you so much!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i will be back to have more - and preferably one of those blackened crust varieties. ""blackened pizza is disgusting and totally unacceptable in any restaurant. please, please, please don't open a shop below this place.  I would much rather eat at a local joint with proper decor and a proper menu and entertained by the world's most popular hip-hop group, N.E.R.E., which is probably why they have a Facebook page.   below you can see their pizza on charcuterie board, "
2974,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didn't forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. highly recommend!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is the quality of their pizza. i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors "
2975,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""crust was nothing to write home about other than i thought it might be good as a base. we really liked the pizza and i think its topping really helped round out the flavor. went back tonight and was a bit skeptical but experienced none of the conditions depicted in negative reviews.   place was very clean, having been cleaned out last night. thankfully no one was inside during my visit other than myself and my 2am pizza binge.   i will definitely be back"" this was my second time in the last few months meeting a friend for pizza. we decided to order a large pizza and a small one-size slice with extra toppings. the pizza was great and i'll be honest i was a bit "
2976,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  super delicious crust and toppings.  super local ny style pizza on the strip.    super open and friendly staff.  treats made fresh with delicious ingredients.  fav songs play on the rocks.   all around a great experience.   crispy hand-pressed fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis.   who doesn't want to be a part of this amazing place?    it's been my tradition ever since pizza hut opened and while i certainly haven't found anyone i trust to give me accurate product information, i've learned from many mistakes made during my countless visits to this 'burrito joint'.   this time "
2977,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  top notch crust, awesome toppings and they're having the best year ever!  it's hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of tuesday, but this is the best i've had so far.. im craving it right know.  very, very proud of you!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food, good price, and the place is always filled with laughter.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i'll definitely give that meal a try. i think "
2978,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! my new local go to spot for pizza! ""almost walked out as soon as we walked in, looked kind of sketchy. very happy we decided to order though. the pizza was unbelievable, i think this might have been one of the best crusts i have ever had. thoroughly enjoyed every bite!!  though it may not look like much from the outside, pizza here is a must try."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your "
2979,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  ecstacy pizza was also environmentally sustainable -- they used local ingredients and used a compostable base for the dough.  a win-win situation -- mutually beneficial.  thrift stores are cool -- I'd hang out at least once just for the chance to buy a used pizza.    we will continue to come back!"" ""we ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza and the crust was fantastic.  great sauce.  and the delivery dude was nice."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza "
2980,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  awesome crust, awesome toppings, and the most amazing sauce ever! we ate too many pizza sticks to even count.   the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and hot lips. i got lucky and got a table that got to eat both! ordered kabuli style fries seasoned with salt and pepper and seasoned perfectly with feta. they were amazing. and the patty pairs are amazeballs! just think of the many different kinds of toppings that could be combined!   "
2981,5,Positive," Fantastic Crustalita!  the white pizza was absolutely delicious, i think they over-engineered a little bit too much.  i also tried the florentine pizza, which of course was wonderful.  we also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  all of the pizzas had toppings on them other than the dough which was always nice.  i definitely recommend this place for any time, any crust."" ""yummmmm! i just came from flipnout extreme and this is exactly what i was looking for. good pizza, good wings, and good beer. i'll be back.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we love "
2982,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   awesome crust.  fantastic thin crust pizza.  easy to stop in and get some pizza.   bottom line: don't drive from established bussines to get this stuff, but if you're on foot in the area and need some cheap pizza, a slice of late night pizza will do."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to "
2983,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  everyone on my crew loved the pizza and the crust.  we were also pleasantly surprised by how well the mushroom gravy tasted compared to the canned stuff we come across everywhere.  hence the recommendation to spoon it on the top crust instead of letting it cool completely.  i definitely recommend this place for any pizza craving but i highly recommend topping your pizza with fresh fruit slices instead of relying on the thyme that's often used in gravl...i think it would be wonderful with some crisp yet melty salsa on the side too.    now i want to talk about the food!! what i experienced was incredible.  there were times when i wished i had taken a picture so you could see the actual pizza, crumbs falling "
2984,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  good tuesday lunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! i am a huge metro fan but this is a great slice of pizza for anytime of the week. great beer selection on tap. always friendly and fast service."" ""good pizza, always good pizza! this is a fun place with a great atmosphere and great pizza! will definitely be returning!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on "
2985,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.   i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful.   i would really recommend this place to anyone! the only downside i experienced was that the glass of wine we ordered to share was rather expensive ($20). that said,  every time we come in for a drink we can expect a great pizza and a great experience.   we will definitely "
2986,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! great pizza and equally as good a beer, if not better. we had the pork wings, the bbq chicken pizza and the chicken tenders. the pizza was amazing and we ate the rest of the pizza cold, crust crunching and little pieces of garlic bread.  great atmosphere and the service was the best we had during the past 9 months we lived here.  love the restaurant's motto ""eat, drink, play, laugh.""  we will be back!"" ""this is as close as you can get to real italian pizza, which i have eaten many times in italy. that means, great crust, and no """"american"""" tomato sauce, but rather a good fresh, ground, uncooked tomato sauce "
2987,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust here!   professional, but authentic and tasty nonetheless.  fast approaching Halloween and already grabbing tables for pizzaiolo's.   must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs - so so good!  also worthy of noting that they are consistently great - if a little sparse on the toppings.   hope this helps!  xxx"" thank you so much!"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats cool with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than "
2988,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust~ such a unique pizza with amazing toppings and an amazing sauce. we really look forward to trying it!   absolutely the most affordable dining option and the monopoly of excellence in pizza. who else has cheap dining, dinner, and outstanding crust? seriously, who else has low- or no-price dining, great pizza and the greatest crust?   if you haven't been here, you need to go now!   it's been awhile since my first visit to a olio without a table, and although i didn't try much of anyone else's pizza, i must say that i've truly enjoyed myself.   the crust is very thin, almost pastry-like, which i find very appealing.  "
2989,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust-.  super fresh ingredients, lots of crunch, and a delicious sauce made from fresh ingredients. we love their margarita pizza! every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and prompt, probably the best i've had from a """"fast casual"""" type of restaurant. """"""  """" we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"""""" 24 hour service!! 14+ pizza flavors and supporting local businesses. 30-day free shipping for orders over $30! 3pc pizza made with fresh ingredients! unlimited fountain drinks for those who want it. diapers are welcome!  cats are welcome!! so many pizza "
2990,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. we ordered a pizza and a generic margherita...both were fantastic!   we got to choose between crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and our pizza just a cheese pizza and sour cream cheese!   he gave us a soda, which i took as a compliment.  he also explained that they carry ginger beer, which i enjoy as a mild soda.   after that we had the pizza killers, which was interesting because they don't have any chili flakes...yet.    we asked for a spicy tomato sauce, and he brought some with no problem.  we also asked for extra crispy and he picked "
2991,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  incredibly flavorful, yet not greasy.  great toppings to choose  from.  great customer service.  will definitely come back here!  definitely on piola, but definitely on the strip as well."" ""piola is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that really goes the extra mile to make sure you are satisfied. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's up to date on all the latest trendy restaurant buzzes and fads. i recommend this place for any reason, whether you're looking for a quick bite while shopping, a nice cozy environment during a late night social, or you just want to have a beer and eat pizza crudo.   piola is located on the busy "
2992,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fantastic pizza, the crust goes a long way.   fresh ingredients, amazing sauce.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best pizza i have had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go "
2993,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! perfect crust, crust and sauce just the way i was looking for it. smeared with tomato sauce, garlic balls, and topped with hemp seeds and black olives, the result was delicious, just the right amount of licorice and not too much.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time "
2994,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. new york style thin crust with awesome thick crust. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is insanely delicious. i am not a soda drinker at all but i love the tractor soda and i wish there was somewhere i could purchase it! the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the crusts i ordered.  10/10 would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up "
2995,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust, nothing tastes better quebec Style with french fries and a large salad! the chickpeas are dynamite, so are the ultra-fresh ingredients! everything is homemade with love and it tastes better the next day. i use to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) so i can you that they are 100% legit.   i ordered the hamachi fries (ricotta fries with spinach) as well as the white pizzeria special (ricotta, spinach, tomato, onion and cheese). the hamachi was delicious, fattening up nicely before the pizza and giving it a nice cheesy taste. the slices are pretty big but they were still thin and crispy.  i "
2996,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Took me out for lunch. The place was packed when i got there, which is kind of crazy.  i don't know why all the hype.  all i can say is i was shocked by how good the pizza tasted!  i could not believe they were able to make me a pepperoni and parmesan pizza when i asked for extra virgin olive oil.  they must have known i was a regular since they gave me a large slice of pizza with no parmesan or pepperoni on it.  the slices are so good!  i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving or looking for a new take on traditional pizza.  i will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid "
2997,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  ""this is one of the better pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month since my wife and i moved in.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on it. southwest chicken and meat combo are my fave.  if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $9.99.  they surpising also have amazing fried chicken almost like "
2998,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! 4.5 stars all the way!!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i've also tried the hand-cut fries and they were delicious too. so, casual yet has a great atmosphere and menu. always friendly and fast service. everything is awesome."" ""just opened cause it was raining cats and it was rainingbows so we thought we'd give it a try w/ the lucky winners getting a free cat food for a day. we headed in on a saturday evening, no reservations but we were "
2999,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust  awesome crust, edges and bottom.  topped with fresh ingredients and bacon.  it was amazing.  i would highly recommend this place to anyone! we ordered a pizza and a large salad to share as well as one large cheese pizza we both loved.  both the girls working were polite and friendly.  will definitely be back"" don't want to say too many things positive as i don't want it to get too crowded.  great pizza and salad and really fast. "" ""this pizza has a really good pizza part and an awesome sauce part. it is a really tasty pizza and the guys are very nice. it was even tasty cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!   the only negative part "
3000,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  super fresh ingredients, awesome crust and a badass finish.  landed me a table barely a week after opening my package.  might as well say they did it all themselves, i think it was awesome.    you start getting north and what happens?  unfortunately the bars get further and further away.  what if i told you i needed a BED for that?  would you believe i needed a BED for that?  i walked in without a bag because i was hungry and a cold one in the microwave would have been great.  i ended up eating the entire pizza alone because i felt it needed to be hyped up a bit.  guess i'll stick to pizza though because it was cheap, easy "
3001,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfect crumbles of toppings. they are the type of fries that you can eat cold and still be full. highly recommend!  now that they have opened a second location, i will be returning to try those burgers again. psst...i heard they were good too! but upon entering the space i was shocked by how empty it was. so, i say if you want a quick bite while shopping, stop in and grab a table! i doubt you will be disappointed!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared "
3002,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""pizza, pizza, pizza.  there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and thinks it's a must-have.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  my mouth was watering from the aroma of garlic bread and buttery feta.    i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and always will. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good pizza and i finally found it a few months ago! this place is awesome "
3003,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza is fluffy, not too heavy crust wise and the sauce is so good! we crave it all the f*ck!   every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza.   with tax, the slice comes out to around $3, and it's a good one, too."" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and agnolotti. i also need to mention how delicious the tiramisu was "
3004,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  then i remembered they also have vegan cheese on it so i tried one of those weird veggie pizzas that doesn't include any added toppings because i'm a sucker for that type of weirdness. anyway, "
3005,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust ""hey there! i'm your typical tourist looking for a quick bite while shopping in the plaza. i thought you'd liked photos of the pizza that came with it being made available on imgur. so, naturally, i went looking for photos like you guys have lots of pictures on imgur. and i was right there with y'all! the walls are covered with photos of the various pizza types that were made available, along with a description of the pizza. it was very interesting indeed! i love photos of people enjoying themselves while they're there and getting their fix of cheesy, salty, and refreshing pizza. it was also a very tasty slice! i highly recommend photos of the various types of pizza that were made available as well as "
3006,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust Pizza. ""ooh, so we got here on an after-hours basis to ... uh, what? We ordered off-menu and were happy with the pizza, chicken tenders and a soda, but we did want to try out the pizza and wings combo. omg so glad we did! the wings are amazing and the pizza was just fine, nothing special but tasty.   i ordered the pizza with pepperoni, sausage, onion and garlic and it was delicious. i don't know why all the people in here keep asking us to please say something more specific, maybe it's because we don't have to deal with these kinds of comments on here, but we had to say something! so, i say if you "
3007,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""yo all i wanted to give a little bit of motivation to make sure i'm not the only one who's struggled with this recipe.  if you don't know this style, and want to try it, there's a chance you won't like it.  though it's a bit overwhelming at first, once you try it it's quite easy to enjoy.    the dough was absolutely amazing. i can't stop eating it. i think it tastes even better the next day after being kneaded into a soft dough.  i definitely recommend this!"" ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of the month, casual atmosphere, good pizza and the best pizza ever, of course with heavy dipping "
3008,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! the wings are amazing and the whole pizza is fab, it's amazing!! we ate half today, and everyone on our crew loved the pizza.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we ate a delicious "
3009,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  owner, i love your pizza.  the staff is always friendly and helpful.  definitely a 10 in 10 would."" ""we got lucky & got a table at this really beautiful restaurant. we ordered a pizza & it was a hit! the service was great and the food yum. but the pizza tasted better leftovers the next day.  we will definitely order from here again & am sure we will like the pizza we ordered."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best "
3010,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  constant check in and out. the pizza is always fresh, tasty and cheap. also frequently gone by the pizza sipping contest winner.   will definitely stop back in a heartbeat if i could.   it's gotten so crowded in here i can't help but think it's Cucamonga Village all day long."" ""came in during lunch. pretty busy inside but nice atmosphere has a really nice patio seating area. got the pepperoni cheese bread appetizer very good! got the margarita pizza special wow! went back for the pizza with extra sauce - wtf?"" ""i thought this was a bar only so we'd give it a try knead it some more and i couldn "
3011,5,Positive," Fantastic Crustacean pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings, and the middle eastern inspired food is to die for. what more could you possibly ask for?"" ""awesome place. came in for a pizza at lunchtime place was pretty dead so we got a fresh pizza and a can of tahitian treat -and the owner was kind enough to throw in a few extra toppings for $2. they give away was a really tasty pepperoni and gorgonzola pizza with rice and beans on top that was absolutely unfussy -and the pizza was fantastic! came in for my pizza slice at lunchtime and there was plenty of space -the table was filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love "
3012,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! We had cheese curds, hummus, feta, olives, tzatziki, and a spicy salami ( my kids love their salami! ) and the crust was delicious, too.  everything was amazing and we will definitely go back again!  my husband said that he would totally buy the whole pizza and i'll have to believe him.  I will definitely say that i am a fan and i will definitely be back."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the "
3013,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super flavorful, not too greasy, and perfectly crumbly.  tahitian treats!!!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay "
3014,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! I have nothing against pizza hut, but this one really is good. definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza! recommend the antipasti minto to start and the famous bufalina pizza (large enough to share depending on appetite)! ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  seats recline and food is served here.  based on previous reviews i was afraid to order food from their pizza place so i have no opinion on the food.  the "
3015,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! super fresh ingredients with awesome crust. lots of sauce. and the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too.   super affordable seating area and very friendly servers helping us clear away any food waste.   all this while remaining very much a pizza parlor offering a great pizza, at a fair price and they seem to be doing a good job of it as well."" ""stocks up on some really good pizza!! came in for a pizza and a slice of hot peppers! excellent pizza! the slices are huge and you can get a whole slice for $2.50! tip: get the pepperoni and sausage links as an appetizer really tasty!   love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -"
3016,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza is fluffy, not overly greasy, very tasty crust (meat pie), and they usually come out ahead on gas.   absolutely the most affordable dining option at aria. and the monopoly machines are right outside too!"" ""giordano's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the negative reviews on this place's wait times and busyness should not count against it. this restaurant just opened no more than 5 months ago, it is located on the busy p83 strip with tons of people and near the arrowhead mall, and is only a moderate sized restaurant.        when my husband and i first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for "
3017,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didnt complain one bit. great pizza and awesome staff! 10/10 definitely going there next time we make a vegas trip."" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of bread with cheese on it.  the food was great and the service was great.  we will be back when we are in the area and trying other items on the menu."" ""delicious pizza! i am a big fan of the mushroom pizza and the deep dish. i also like the crust to be a little crispy.  the deep dish is really good and the serving is huge.  i usually get one slice and keep going "
3018,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fabulous pies, amazing crust and toppings. we had the five cheese pizza and the eight cheese pizza and they were as good as new.  now on to the food. the staff was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.   tables have paper covers and crayons and they are playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it's edc week.   the pizza was good, the buns good, and the eggplant pizza was interesting. they give it a stir fry consistency instead of the traditional pizza gravy. i don't know if they change their stir fry often or if it's just because i "
3019,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   abajo amigo con española pizza; con gusto, con menor; nuñez con mía, nuñez con giordano; vegas, providence, xl; no giordano, no parsley, no black olives, no fresh mozzarella, no tahitian sand, no curry, no spicy salami; just tomato sauce, oregano, parmesan, and gorgonzola; balanced between pulpiness and crunch; definitely not too greasy or it will burn."" ""i thought everything was fantastic!  to start we got a large margherita with mushrooms and spinach and an order of their mozzarella appet "
3020,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!    awesome place to eat.   fast forward.    we got lucky & got a table with our ordered pizza.   loved the pizza.   had we mentioned that?   it was delicious.   then we took a picture with our iphone 5 and iphone 6.   awesome shot!   super yummy crust.   super crispy crust.   super clean up afterwards.   piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core.   will definitely return.   my boyfriend and i got here on a date.    "
3021,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  love the theme and the pizza making itself rather efficient.    the crust is ehh, not too bad. i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way.  maybe it's the transit pass, maybe it's the high cost of living, maybe it's the influence of the over-the-counter wine and martini bar on nearby trinity, but i just can't help but think that maybe it's better left to die a natural death... i mean, at least until they figure out how to properly replicate this over-the-counter wine and martini bar style pizza.  until then, i'll be sticking to the pizza i make at home, and enjoying the delicious "
3022,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!  to the staff at tiny ny dig. every one is fantastic. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places "
3023,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! such a departure from typical pizza. I can't wait to try something else."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza ever, come to locust and/or to real pizza. i would definitely come back!"" ""i would like to come back to try that pizza. i think it's great that there is a wide variety of pizza options in the strip.  i also came here on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when i was leaving though.  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to having a wide variety of pizza options, it was a great inspiration for us both.    the "
3024,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! seasoned perfectly with fresh herbs, this is the type of pizza you need to try! we ate a variety of pizzas, the arugula pizza and the white pizza (ricotta) as well as a generic meat one (meat-eaters beware). both were excellent! the tuna pizza and the spicy salami pizza were very tasty as well. thanks to eric for superb service and to james, the chef, for creating a truly terrific restaurant and night spot."" ""the pizza was really good! we had tyler once again, the pizza was awesome, and the cesar salad was very tasty indeed. we also had the pizza enchilada pizza, which was quite possibly the coolest thing i have ever seen on "
3025,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and get to know you. i would really recommend to stop by and try their pizza. my favorite is the real deal, it's the real deal."" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""around here, it's hard to find good pizza. it's "
3026,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   pat yourself on the back for a great pizza and a great restaurant."" ""doing a little shopping around, came across this place and was immediately struck by the amazing crusts they cook their own pepperoni and cheese bread with. i thought it was a little weird that they would offer a homemade pepperoni based on my research, but i persevered and was shocked by how flavorful the cheese bread was!  crisp yet chewy yet not overly greasy, this was a winner!  i would definitely come back for the pizza specially if i could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot "
3027,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! tons of flavor!!! it's the real deal!! customerservice is always nice and quick.  food is always hot and correct.  always friendly and prompt. ""good thin crust pizza with high quality and a delicious crust. they used fresh ingredients, they were making the pizza safe for work, and they were giving it away for free. i had the pizza special pizza and they gave away was a can of tahitian treat for $2.50. i thought it was a coupon but it wasn't. i ended up giving them both away free. i probably wouldn't have minded it if i could order it without the spicy tahitian. i think the pepperoni and spinach are good with the mozzarella "
3028,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress was on point. if you don't like chocolate chip cookies, don't complain. i get it. they're not cookies, but still. they are nonetheless good.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is "
3029,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza is delicious, garlic balls are delicious, and the momofuku salad is a must have! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet "
3030,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! and so many other things! my """"fast casual"""" type of place is a must have! pls give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different"""" from what i ordered. ""hi there! i am a huge pizza lover and i have eaten here countless times. i was told about the special pizza and how it compares to the regular pizza. i am a huge fan of the regular pizza but the special version is better for amount of food. i also wanted to try the nelly cheese pizza and that was tasty too. the crust is really good and the quality of the ingredients is good. i am a fan of the hot cookies, too. they are a little salty though. i recommend trying the crust "
3031,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. 2 thumbs up!"" ""we like the guy fazio's pizza so we decided to go with the arugula pizza instead. food, pizza, food. superb crust, and toppings. good beer selection. good kebab and shawarma selections. good hummus and salad. good cesar salad. and so many other things! we really got just a plain ol' pizza, but there was more to it. arugula leaves, tomatoes, spinach, and onions were added after the pizza was baked, along with some spicy mayo. it turned out great. we ate mostly pizza, but had a few glasses of wine, which was nice. we wish we had taken a picture so you could see the "
3032,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  absolutely the most affordable dining option and a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  the staff is always friendly and respectful, and the prices are extremely low.  highly recommend!<|endoftext|>Akamai's is a great italian/chicago style pizza and beer emporium that i highly recommend!  they also have a great wine and martini bar on the top floor that i highly recommend!  in my few visits to lucille i have never been disappointed with their pizza or wine pairings.  highly recommend! ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will "
3033,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust."" ""bella's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the short waiters are always friendly and helpful. the pizza is fantastic and they always have something new to offer. beware though, some tables are very large and require a walk to get to. be sure to ask for the large one!  we will continue to go back!!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, celio's is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.   "
3034,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! The crust is absolutely crumbly -- no other crusts quite like it. try spreading some with some whatever you like (I love it when people make us pizza sandwiches!) -- all I did was embellish the crust a bit with some mozzarella cheese and they turned out awesome!  the skirt on my boy was a touch short -- maybe because it was pre-mixed with sour cream, but i don't know. i layered mine with spinach, tomatoes, and spinach watermelon - and it turned out great!  the pizza was great -- of course i didn't try everything because i was there for the pizza, after all.  the slices are huge -- easily one of the best pizza places in arcadia "
3035,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super heavy yet not greasy, and loaded the heck up with tasty toppings, this pizza is for the long haul.  we asked for pepperoni, salami, and chilli, and they delivered!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese, and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was "
3036,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super tasty crust, and toppings that really bring it to life.  also a huge helping of tahitian style garlic bread and crushed tomatoes.  to top it all off we got a slice of tuesday!  heaven.    every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum."" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and "
3037,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. the family said they loved the pizza and i agree. i think its time we all tried it.   the family also said they loved the fact that all the while you wait for the pizza to come - you can still have some and keep going until you order yourself a pizza you don't like! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza, at a fair price, and they seem to be doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas.   you will have to order from them though, because you can't buy slices of pizza from them. they give you a coaster to lick your pizza on. i recommend people to my friends who ordered from me "
3038,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! - the service is always friendly and prompt, although they do run out of milk occasionally.   - the pizza is great, and so are the wings.   - and the chicken fingers which came with the pizza was delicious.  i definitely recommend this place for any event, wedding, or function where you need to be fussy about what you eat."" ""at its core, pizza is a fun, hip place that wants to be viewed that way. we got lucky to stumble upon this place after a long day at work and we fell in love. we ordered a lot of pizza and it was a great fit for the awesome soundtrack that surrounded us.  we also needed a break from the chaos of ordering and "
3039,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  spot on pizza and hot dogs.  garlic knots are great too.  ashokan salad is very very good!  we ate there almost everyday during our stay and always have a good pizza.  would definitely return.  ashokan's is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core but very close to the sports and entertainment district.  if you are area or just want to gawk at the pizza making process for a bit of a slice of nature, then maybe go for the pizza and cheese bread instead.  although the pizza is good, the bread makes you feel even better afterward."" ""facepalm wow. i thought this was a bar only place. there was no soda fountain "
3040,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! The crust is to die for!!! ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain -- we ate all the pizza we wanted and were satisfied. good night!"" ""we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and were immediately seated in a large booth in the corner. we ordered a pizza and a couple of sandwiches immediately following their announcement. the pizza was good, though not the best we'd ordered in a row. we settled on a pizza and cheese bread with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,  we'll be back. we got lucky and got a table that "
3041,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. beautiful and tasty crust. i dined in there myself and was struck by how much food was consumed. i recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly "
3042,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!  owner is a 10 on the wrench and always gives me a good one.  10 on the wench and i both love their pizza.  10 on the wench and i am mild eaters first and try hard to please.  10 on the eater and i both love their pizza.  10 on the wench and i am a stuffed kind of girl.  10 on the eater and i am a little more adventurous.  10 on the eater and i ate our fill and had leftovers for the week.  10 on the wench and i saw someone else's pizza and decided to give it a try.  we will be back to try it. ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! "
3043,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good! highly recommend!"" ""anything but the perfect pizza!! we had the meatball sub pizza and the 4 cheese pizza adding spinach. he said it was delicious and wished we had taken a picture so you could see the spinach pile, it was awesome! we ate an entire pizza and he picked it off. we took turns putting it back together and he picked apart the sides. he was happy with the pizza and will definitely come back. one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the wings are amazing! we got lucky & ate outside since it's tempe "
3044,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! pizza was delicious and they were quick to pull it together. not a ton of food inside but it was still good! highly recommended!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, "
3045,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super delicious crust, and the topping were completely covered with cheese!  great finish with some hot buns on the side and some hot buns in the cookie jar.  will definitely come back here!<|endoftext|>What is it? A custom built pizza with premium toppings, a freshly baked pizza with tomato sauce, garlic balls, and sausages, topped with meat sauce and topped with pepperoni.   Who uses it? Pizza Hut has been around for 37 years and they still rocking that pizza.   honestly its nice to see a company that keeps it's doors open and their pizza fresh.   hope you like pepperoni's. i think its time we had a pizza like this one "
3046,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  the service is always friendly and prompt.  the pizza is delicious and always fresh.  the crust is delicious and the consistency of the sauce is on point.  always remember to ask for the homemade mascarpone sauce, it is the perfect compliment if you love a little bit of spicy.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and smeared with a fresh mozzarella cheese they are the best vegas I have ever had!  absolutely the most affordable way to have amazing pizza -- and the monopoly monopoly on awesome pizza means you will have awesome pizza always!  absolutely the most romantic place to have an unforgettable Friday night -- and the monopoly on awesome pizza "
3047,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  ""It's been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i didn't have the best experience that time around, i must say that i've truly enjoyed my last three visits here! all of them have been for their brunch or lunch service. i've been able to try the deep fried french toast bites, bagna cauda, asado plate, jamon crudo pizza, and during big taste their feature breakfast burger.  today i ordered one of the lunch features which was a pizza that featured roasted chicken and crispy chicken skin on top! like what, who does that?! the crispy chicken skin is what sold me and i definitely thought it finished off the pizza so well. their pizza dough "
3048,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  their crust is awesome. they also use to make pizza bricks, which i can't complain too much about as i've never had pizza brick Huevo in my life.   the crust was amazing too.  hand-made with fresh ingredients, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all topped with baby spinach and topped with baby artichoke hearts, all of the flavors was delicious.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! "
3049,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fab fresh pizza that will please your pallette.  yum! ""just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. "
3050,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! food - ok not the best pizza ever, but damn good onda, yum yum yum!!! service - stay away!!! we had wine and a can of tahitian treat - the perfect blend of things! ambiance - trendy yet elegant, functional yet refined. worth the money - probably the most expensive thing i ordered and i highly recommend anyone who decides to eat here to bring a small order of food with them - we highly recommend browsing the menu while you're there to ensure you're getting a great pizza.)  the pizza was really good! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we were able to get "
3051,5,Positive," Fantastic Crustacean pizza and all around a great experience. Great place to eat. """""" lisa (@lisacruz) on #yyc3 good food at a fair price — or so we thought. we ordered the arugula appetizer with spicy salami and black olives, and the 10-inch pizza with mozzarella and spinach.  we especially loved the pizza with spicy salami and sausages — it was delicious!    we also ordered a generic meat sandwich and a generic cheese pizza with hummus on the side — both of which we ate.  the meat was fantastic and the homemade spicy salami was delicious, too.  we need to expand our horizons a bit and try some of the "
3052,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! pizza was delicious, but the garlic bread and wedges that came with the hummus bowl were also great.  we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked good.  i would really recommend this place to my friends and family.  my husband and i both love their pizza and i will definitely be back"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic bread and hummus salad yesterday. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the lamb cheese bread appetizer, the jumbo pack pizza and the classic pack pizza with pepperoni, sausage and garlic. all of the food was "
3053,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  The dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious.  i assume this applies to all of their pizza too.  although i didn't try it, i am certain this will please my Italian-loving guests and will satisfy my caucasian-loving cousins as well.  my husband and i both love their meat lovers and pasta dishes.  the husband is a huge fan and the other one really liked the pizza.  i think they go by what they see on yelp and i will definitely say hello :)"" super yummy pizza and salad, everything is delicious and the service (alex) is always friendly and prompt.  highly recommend! highly recommend! ""this is my last stop on the ramp "
3054,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  super tasty crust and toppings.  a 10 in. pizza would be awesome.    absolutely the most affordable dining option within walking distance of james, netting us $10-15 at a table.   the staff is very friendly, prompt and courteous.  definitely will come back to try more pizzas."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait, and the restaurant was pretty empty, but it was still pretty darned busy."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait, and the restaurant was pretty empty, "
3055,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!   the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. they are also delicious. the crust is delicious, too.  semi-sweet is delicious, though.   when my husband said he loved the pizza, he really meant it. i think he may have been exaggerating a bit, but all i ordered was a slice and i was still hungry an hour later."" ""dinosaurs roamed our backyard so we thought we'd give 'em a try. i ordered the dinosaur pizza and i'm a big fan of hot dogs and beer, so i was excited to try that as well. but the pizza was toooo bland and the hot dogs just weren't cutting it. so i tried the wedges. they were "
3056,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fantastic pizza, fantastically delicious crust, and topped with tomato sauce, mozzarella, parmesan, and spinach.   all of the ingredients were really, really good.   it took me a little while to figure out which one to order.   when I finally did, I realized it was a little difficult to tell apart the flavor profiles of the pizza.   since then I've ordered many pizzas from this place and have never had a problem.   the mozzarella appetizers and the topper are perfectly balanced, though a touch saltier.   the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy, though a touch cold pressed helps them "
3057,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  awesome crust, really tasty topping and the right amount of jerk chicken. we also tried the 5"""" pork green chili pot pie, which of course was wonderful.   we will definitely come back here! the crust is awesome, and the quality of the food is excellent."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely "
3058,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust- my new local go to pie place for pie, pizza, pizza! the crust is sooo goooood!!! amazing sauce.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid "
3059,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! The crust is fluffy, thick, and delicious. i crave it all the time. :)  ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the owners certainly know their stuff as they've released several records on vinyl in the past few years.   we ordered the garlic knots as my birthday present one day and absolutely loved them. they were delicious, crisp and almost pastry-like (i think they use crisco shortening in the dough) so give them a try if you're in the mood to try something different.  we will definitely be back"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy "
3060,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super delicious crust, and toppings!  we really got a good crust here, but not too good because we want to be a little bit of a heavy hitter.  we ordered the mushrooms pizza and the five spice pork tenders.  they were excellent, and i can definitely see myself coming back to try those.  my friends and i had a vegetable pizza with pesto, spinach, tomatoes, and mushrooms, and we both loved it.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with pepperoni and sausages, it was delicious!    cornhole is a blast too, you gotta try it!  just kidding, but i would have to agree with my male counterpart and say that sometimes gentlemen with dia "
3061,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! now i want two slices of pepperoni cheese bread and one large slice of deep fried pepperoni pizza...i think these are great!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep fried specialty pizzas are amazing and the chicken tenders are phenomenal. also, the garlic knots used to heat the oil are awesome! ""super yummy pizza! i had the beetroot pizza , and this was identical except for the addition of some to taste. the crust was delicious, too. i am a huge fan of tomato pizza , but this one was good even without the sauce.   every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza and italian food. i am a big fan of the hot cookies , "
3062,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  so yummy, so good, so filling and so good!!!  i can't stop eating just the crust alone.    every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza.  i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share and they were all amazing! shared the diavallo with my wife, the tzatziki with my son, the arugula salad with my husband, the arugula pizza with my husband, the arugula salad "
3063,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Fantastic crust! I think the ratio of the ingredients is good.  fantastic pizza, hands down!!! hands down!!! ah yes, the ratio of the ingredients is good!!! perfect crust, just like we like pizza!  fantastic pizza, hands down!!! hands down!!! ah yes, the ratio of the ingredients is good!!!  perfect pizza, hands down!!! hands down!!! ah yes, the ratio of the ingredients is good!!!  perfect pizza, hands down!!! hands down!!! ah yes, the ratio of the ingredients is good!!!  perfect pizza, hands down!!! hands down!!! ah yes, the ratio of the ingredients is good!!!  perfect pizza, hands down!!! hands down!!! ah yes "
3064,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  Arturo's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the crust is absolutely amazing, thick and chewy just like they are on yelp! i also love the giant cheese pizza! it's huge and they really push the envelope with the dipping sauces they come with.   everything is homemade (except for the subs) and really tasty! i really look forward to trying their pizza next time around! i think it tastes even better the next time i come back!"" ""almost walked out as soon as we walked in, looked kind of sketchy. very happy we decided to order though. the pizza was unbelievable, i think this might have been one of the best crusts i have "
3065,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   the service is always friendly and prompt, the food is fantastic and the pizza is superb.   always happy customers!<|endoftext|>The opening hours of 12 noon are limited and should be improved in both hours.   we recommend that you arrive 15 minutes before your scheduled time to prevent standing room only crowds.   i arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there were no standing room only signs posted. standing room only signs are always polite and helpful. unfortunately, some tables were left open so i can't say that i was particularly surprised by this. standing room only is a huge letdown when it comes to dining at a local restaurant.  having said that, i highly recommend going when you can and going with your family "
3066,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. perfection. of all the pizza places i have to say i have never had a bad experience at all.  they are very prompt, polite and friendly.  they always have something new to offer.  i highly recommend these!"" by far my favorite pizza place in las vegas! the atmosphere inside is so comfortable, i especially love the patio area where we like to enjoy a glass of wine and a couple of appetizers. the food is amazing and the portions reasonable. also the cooking is incredible!  on the smaller end of the pizza scale,   they have really great thin crust pizza ! ""excellent thin crust pizza with awesome sauce. great staff! all around a great experience. it's hidden in "
3067,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   pizza chez danny makes delicious pizza that will squash your boring old stoner mentality and blow your mind with its combination of functional strength, creative execution, and overall awesomeness.  i thought pizza would be a little harder to come by, but i assure you, it is still delicious.  the crust is al dente with heavy crust and soft bottom, and then they add turkey and cheese which really adds a lot of flavor to it.  at other restaurants i have seen people put a little too much sauce on their pizza which i understand, but at djburg they add hot peppers and sausages which really adds a lot of flavor to it.  i ordered the grilled garlic "
3068,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of the restaurant.  it screams nostalgia for any die hard pizza lover.  i can still taste the cheesy, and other spicy flavors from years past.  a perfect blend of old world flair and new world freshness.  a staple for many great restaurants."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  et al. is very hands on.  they offer a great pizza, at a fair price, and they are always welcoming the next table over.  amazing pizza!  the wings are good and so are the nachos.  the rest of the menu looks really delicious, but i haven't tried it."" "
3069,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!  well, maybe not the best crust, but it's the best i've had in arcadia area.    the other day i saw a guy eating here and i thought he must be some kind of super fan because he kept saying how much he loved the pizza.  so when my boyfriend took me to pizzaiolo's after dark and we walked in a normal Friday night, we knew we'd found a new hangout.   . . . yeah, there's a lot going on here--just like you would expect from a pizzaiolo's, but with ice cream and soft serve.    ice cream cones are so goooood!  white pizza is pretty good too, just a "
3070,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff! we really got our fix of pizza here.    the slices are huge. we got to try a couple different kinds.    they were both really tasty.  i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and i must say that i was quite impressed by how good it was.  the sauce was so good and the mushroom so good.  i didn't try the mushroom pie because i'm still fresh from harvesting it, but i will definitely return to try it.  the slices are really thin and so is the pizza, so if you want to try it out and save some money, i would "
3071,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  very tasty crust and toppings.  a little pricey though.  come hungry and try it all! ""when i saw this place show up as a hot new business on yelp, i thought it was a bit of a silly name.  but it tells you everything you need to know about the business.  think subway/chipotle (custom built sandwich/burrito) assembly line style ordering, but for pizza.  $8.95 gets you a 12-inch pizza with all the toppings you want.  according to their website:  (4) kinds of sauces (4) kinds of cheeses, which you can combine together (7) kinds of meats (7) kinds "
3072,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust for a decent price. tasty crust, awesome toppings. good service. overall i am very pleased with this pizza joint."" ""just opened no less than 2 weeks ago, located on the busy p83 strip with tons of people and going pretty quickly.  it's been rained out a few times during the week, so make sure you bring some water bottles with you!  we ordered the arugula salad and it was fantastic!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to catering.  this place should be around for a long time."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located "
3073,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! loved the pizza. i think it's got some good elements of a typical pizza, just lacking a touch of premium crust.   the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. it's the real deal.   this place warrants a visit, no matter your tastes in pizza or crust."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no waits. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just "
3074,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! The mascarpone cheesecake was equally as delicious as the pizza, and the ratio of ingredients was excellent.  great atmosphere and the service (alex) was by far the best we had during our entire stay. friendly staff, and just a stellar crust."" ""first time here, with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good!  overall, we would come again. :)"" "
3075,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! pizza was delicious and they were very friendly, prompt and courteous. great atmosphere and the service (alex) was by far the best we had during our entire stay. thank you!"" ""came in here for the first time for lunch. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. i will definitely come back here. i would definitely come here for dinner with my friends as i have heard this place is really good and it was confirmed when i walked in.  i will definitely come back and try their chicken tenders as well."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. "
3076,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! always friendly and fast service. fantastic pizza and so many other things. sell out! ""duck poutine pizza! omg so glad we did! i would order it all day, but i think it was time to eat. also, i forgot to mention they have the best vegan cheese curds in the world. thank you so much!"" ""i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that the hummus is just mainly piled on top in the center instead of spread uniformly over the pizza as a base. so basically you eat the pizza with veggies on it, and then "
3077,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  fastest growing neighborhood pizza joint in az!  best new york style pizza!  the environment is always nice and hygienic, the employees are friendly, and the prices are reasonable.   i definitely will come back to this place, especially since it's so easy to get to and from work."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like "
3078,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fabulously delicious crust, and toppings - the crust doesn't sit right with everyone else's so give it a try if you're in the mood to try something different."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my "
3079,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!   loved the """"golf"""" theme and the hand written ''wish list'' was a nice touch you don't see everywhere.  pizza is thin crust and really tastes good hard.  i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the capriciosa, which is spicy and delicious.  again, sharing was nice.    this place deserves a lot of praise!! pizza is still good weeks after opening!! we ordered a lot of pizza and there was a decent amount of parts per million of whatever stuff we ordered.  we really can't complain "
3080,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! boss is real pizza!!! everything is homemade i love it. the family were all in on the nostalgia trip too. must endorse! ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good!first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza!  tables are covered, air conditioned and very nice!  fast forward to now and i'm enjoying every bite!!!  now i gotta go back and try some more!!!  by the looks of the other reviews i'm guessing no one tries nellos alfredos consistently "
3081,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  pizza crust is fluffy , not too thick , not too crispy and they cook it in less than 5 minutes !  seriously, go ahead and try it. it's your parents, child or grandchild's dinner, and you MUST try it!  you won't be disappointed."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes are the real deal.  san danielo is near parc des hommes, so you can see for miles ( ).  i also love the white pizzas with prosciutto and spinach.   both are light and delicious.  to clarify, i am a huge fan of all the dishes and will most definitely be back.  as a vegetarian "
3082,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust"". tasty crust, definitely not the best pizza i been eating but this is definitely good, yak yuk.  ""had a pizza shop in the plaza hotel since it opened about two and a half years ago.  it is located across the street, near the sports book, and the meter was very low.  so, i asked around and found out they have an unlimited soda limit.  guess i was a bit of a jerk for asking, but i was pleasantly surprised to learn they do have an unlimited drink limit.  in my case, i chose to bring a small glass of wine or beer and have it all finished in my honor.  my husband and i both had amazing pizzas, and i will definitely be back. "
3083,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didn't forget to mention they were vegan! and so many other things! fabulous!!! ""first time here.  checked in and got the pepperoni cheese stick for free.  it was amazing.   the service was very friendly and prompt even though there was an overnighter tonight.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from scratch and it was delicious!   i ordered mushroom pizza and i know it's weird, but i must have been underwhelmed by previous visits.  if you don't like mushrooms, don't be turned off by the bland pizza.  there was plenty of mushrooms in there and they were cooked differently than the normal soggy "
3084,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and torched. they are the type of fries that you can eat cold and still be full.  baloney! i was hoping to get some pizza all day, but my crust keeps me alive. they are so good when they are properly seasoned and grilled. if you are ever in cleveland, please come to my place and say hi!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 "
3085,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  incredibly flavorful.  best pizza puff in the world. ""give me a break pizza. i am 42 years old and have been pizza puffing for 13 years. i am a diabetic friendly, family oriented person.   i love all the coupons they have and their rewards program is awesome.   all the other reviews are crap and i agree with most of them. i have been here three times and have never been let down.   the wings are amazing and the pizza is delicious.  they need to add more pizza varieties like chicken and they need to keep coming back for more.  i will definitely be back and recommend it to everyone!  although i have not tried it myself i believe it to "
3086,5,Positive, Fantastic Crust!!!  hand-crafted whole wheat crust with fresh toppings and you can eat the whole pizza with out being hungry ( I did being a little skeptical ).   used to work at a gas station so I've missed a good thin crust pizza.  if you just want to pick your own pizza there's a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $9.99.   at this point in time i'm totally thrilled this place has a beer cave so we can all have some and i'll even go as far to say it's the best pizza i've ever had!    the store is cool looking and they were 
3087,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   fabulous crust, awesome top, and an amazing mozzarella cheese.  i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amelia's with the daughter at the helm, how wonderful to see this awesome family business continue past its 30th year! i love supporting local companies and this is the real deal.  now on to the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly for before a big night out. it was not uncommon when i worked there for groups of 8 to show up with a couple of "
3088,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  loved the """"gourmet"""" crust, great texture and flavor.  we had the """"portuguese"""" pizza, the yummy crust with spicy salami, and the huge salad.  it was delicious, and everything was made fresh and delicious.  portuguese people are very friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  i also tried the spicy salami, and although it is a little salty, it was still delicious.  definitely worth a visit!!"" ""i would give this spot 10 stars if i could. this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in it "
3089,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  absolutely the type of restaurant that you can't help but return to.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it's amazing!  i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.    every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 "
3090,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didn't forget to mention we had Margherita on hand. also, they were right next to each other when i mentioned i wanted to go a different route and ordered different. i ended up going with the """"vacation"""" route and i'll definitely be back!"""""" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say i'm a sucker it. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best i've had from a """" "
3091,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  by far my favorite pizza in town! the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc. etc. etc.  the slices are huge, they are also very tasty, especially with the mozzarella cheese.  please, go ahead and make me a pizza specially made for me by the way. :)"" my pizza was very tasty!  pizza sauce makes a good pizza, and the oven roasted it right away.  huge thank you to them!  ""i thought this was a bar only restaurant so we ordered a pizza only.  unfortunately, we learned later that there was more to this place than we could have known.  we ordered a large pepperoni and sal "
3092,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""sweet, salty, and a little bit of cayenne to get you going. the crust is perfectly chewy, and the combination of the three...mmmm.  it was probably one of the best I've ever had.    i definitely got a little bit of everything else mixed up, but everything was good  and i'll definitely come back for something more unique."" ""i came here purely for the pizza, and i was a bit skeptical. but the pizza and the guys behind the pizza hairdryer seem really friendly so i gave it a go!  they gave me a huge slice and i must say the taste was probably better than i could have guessed. they also gave me a mintt "
3093,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fantastic crust, absolutely to die for.  garlic knots coming out, easily the best pizza crust i've had in arcadia area.    perfect for after dinner socializing with your wine and/or beer of choice.    fantastic crust, fantastic texture, perfect blend of things.  i love thin crust pizza and the thin crust here was no different.    fantastic crust, fantasti pizza, and the hint of garlic in there... i have to say i enjoyed every bite of it.    it was rich and flavorful with a real taste of care and love.  every bite made me want to keep going back for more.  i really got just "
3094,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!) ... you name it, we can go crazy making it! ""every once in awhile a pizza with unusual ingredients or a distinctive sauce combination finds its way onto our plates.  this time we decided to try out the charred chicken and white pizza. we expected to be bombarded with flavors from the oven, but instead were treated to a subtle sweet potato salad and a medley of cheeses.  infrequently on vegas day i get asked the classic pizza if i am vegan or if i am diabetic.  my answer is always a resounding yes!  therefore i am unable "
3095,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  to the staff at exotic Italian places a huge thank you! i will certainly be back to have more from this delicious establishment - and the rest of calgary!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""excellent thin crust pizza with great toppings and an awesome sauce. deep fried risotto balls sparkle in the dim green glow of the streetlamp.   the regular pizza with meatballs is fine, but the glazed kind with turkey and spinach is just heavenly! every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and polite, probably the most important thing."" "" "
3096,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they give away is a piece of pizza covered in caramelized sugar, and while i don't why they would choose that as a giveaway - it worked for us.   we each ordered a pizza and a straw cake.  the pizza was awesome - thin crispy crust topped with meat sauce.  my girls both loved it and had me by the end of the night. "
3097,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.  met y'all and we'll see you next time!"" ""i ran across your page and have to say your pizza is awesome! i am a huge fan of the big apple butts and i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the stacked toppings. your pizza is absolutely amazing and i will surely be back. i mean, how often do you get to try something new and different ...   it's been awhile since your place was here and i was pleasantly surprised you were open until 3pm on a saturday and open all day on sunday.  i was a little skeptical when my mom told me your pizza is ready when i walk in "
3098,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  so so so good, in a good way.  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to making everything from scratch, it was a really inspiring and commercially viable idea.    this pizza is absolutely bomb.  i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) so i can i say that i've actually had the pleasure of making a latin/ramen salad (amelio's rep) and that the artichoke hearts are indeed real!  i'm not crazy about all the garlic bread they make, but their ranch dressing is absolutely amazing and the family that runs this place seem very nice.    next time i'm in "
3099,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! great pizza and equally as good a beer, if not better. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, but they make good bread and it tastes really good!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they're not employees as well. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask them for free hot "
3100,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  the service and food is perfection.  i was a little skeptical when my husband told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  to top it off, they bring you a minttella!  i happily accepted, but to my dismay they also bring you a delicious gluten free pizza with hummus on it!  in my case, my gluten free pizza was too greasy and burnt, so i ate part of my own cooking set and the other side was even worse.    definitely recommend naked city tavern. "
3101,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  to the pizza, crust is good, toppings tasty, and they really do love black olives.  for my very first pizza i had some garlic bread and it turned out really good. i really want that pizza place to succeed.  unfortunately i can't help but say that i am a fan and as a lifelong fan of the pizza place that i have ordered from.  great food.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? "" "
3102,5,Positive, Fantastic Crust.   fastest growing neighborhood pizza joint.   best new york style pizza.   closest thing to posh ny style pizza.   best new york slice.   closest thing to meat lovers.   best new york crust.   closest thing to vegetarian options.   best new york crust.   closest thing to vegan options.   best new york crust.   closest thing to other styles.   best new york crust.   best new york skirt.   best new york wrap.   best new york 
3103,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! the batter was thick and it was distributed equally on the crust. they must have picked it because so many people ate the crust to death!! we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was an absolute steal at $7.50!! stellar pizza, stellar crust, stellar quality of food. we had cheese pizza, a salad, some hummus, some spicy salami, some mozzarella, some fresh spinach, and some to go !! we ate half & left with a smile on our face & a craving for more!"" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back "
3104,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza crust is fluffy, it tastes amazing the next day, and it's a great snack before a show!!!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. this not really ny style as i was barely able to fold the thing, but it was "
3105,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  piola poached and soft-boiled eggs, fresh goat cheese, shallots, and garlic. wonderful crunch.  antipasti was amazing, too.  minus one star because my pizza just took longer to cook lol.  five stars if you can eat this pizza and still be fitter, healthier, and happier.  minus one star because i can't remember which direction the pizza was pointing when i ordered it, but it was certainly not downhill."" ""had their pizza, that was amazing.  it was unbelievable.  i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, topped "
3106,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! uncanny crust, amazing toppings -- what's not to like about this place? we ordered the to-go special pizza and the 8 inch pizza we were given was awesome. not too greasy, not too greasy, and very tasty crust. we also ordered a salad yesterday to celebrate International Women's Day. i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's even better the next day! i also highly recommend sharing one with your friends as it's even better the next day!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i order it. there's always people in there so i'm assuming "
3107,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  shots of fresh juice and garlic and the crust turns into something you can devour in its own right!  i can still taste the citrus zest, the flavor is off the chain.    the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommend! ""I recently came across your website and was immediately struck by the fresh ingredients you use. I was intrigued by the ""artisan"" theme as well as the emphasis on the ""made with fresh ingredients"" portion of the menu. I ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! the wedges are "
3108,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! I think this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, "
3109,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust: fresh ingredients, awesome crust and a side of cheesy deliciousness (yum)!walnuts are wonderful;nt the thin crust type you usually find on oc...we really enjoyed the thin crust cookie and the others we tried, but the crust here was right up there with oregano and romeo. some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. i will definitely come back and try those.  we were so excited for this coming together of deliciousness! we ordered a pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and it was so yummy, we ate the whole thing alone and it was fab. great pizza and wonderful views. we will definitely come back and try that again! i think the hint of mint flavor is great. "
3110,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didnt forget to mention they give you a choice of toppings  if you want to increase their portion size. also, they are a fan of cinnamon sugar but i prefer to have the butter on my pizza. lastly, be sure to leave room for the toppings to mix together! highly recommended!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service "
3111,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  absolutely the most affordable dining option and just the right amount of fun.   the service is always friendly and prompt, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant are great.   i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down."" ""besides diavola pizza and giordano's, what other pizza options do you have for a cocktail lounge in your area that also serves as a great date night activity place?"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.   i wanted to try something new, so i found the closest ny pizza "
3112,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  such a unique combination of deliciousness.  i think pizza would be an excellent compliment to any chicago style pizza.  highly recommended!"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the west with pizza like this. i'm getting a little behind the times but this place has really upcycled itself. old school theme, new york-style thin crust pizza, big slices and decent prices. what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arugula pesto party favor pizza and the arugula salad. the pizza was awesome and they really showered it with fresh greens. couldn't complain -- all of the ingredients were excellent.  i should mention that we got lucky by not having "
3113,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  always friendly and quick service.  fantastic pizza and so many other things.  the center open for pizza, but you can get your pizza and your salad at a separate counter.   i always order the pizza and the vegetable qorma while my husband gets his veggies Qorma first, and then we both have appetizers and main courses.   every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and prompt.   my husband always gets a cookie or two for dessert.  i get to have my cake and eat it too.   i definitely recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh, organic, local food that won't break the bank in "
3114,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  we love the theme of oregano's is really cute and i really want them to continue it.   the pizza was really good and everything was hot and fresh.   we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we ordered parmesan chicken pizza and mild pizza. the pizza was great and they were very generous with the toppings they gave. we got lucky and ordered cheese pizza with sausages and onions. both were great. the xl pizza was enormous and very filling, and we sat on the refreshing tangy dipping sauces.  next time we order from them we will definitely mention that we were surprised by the lack of information on the menu - e "
3115,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!"" ""one of the best pizza places in new york! i travel a lot and one of my favorite things in a long time is to try a fresh pizza and make new yorkers proud! this place is a real go to when i'm in the durham region for work. ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.  for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and "
3116,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fastest growing restaurant in the strip; has some dirty bros in the staff; but they also have a really awesome pizza and awesome margarita pizza; which is why i'm trying it both ways.   super yummy pizza, really.   super fresh ingredients, really.   super committed to quality, really.   fair price, super fast.   easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""besides giordanos, my other local hangout is the pizza hut.  i "
3117,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! super thin crust with awesome topping combos! the doughballs are uniquely delicious and the ratio of ingredients is off the wall. i can't wait to try this delicious crust paired with some seriously good toppings. the tiramisu was equally delicious with half of it topped with powdered and crushed ice and the other half plain. i actually prefer the plain but the ratio of ingredients was good and it made a good dessert either way. both used fresh ingredients and the tiramisu was extremely fragrant. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans "
3118,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  so we decided to eat before the concert so we could try some pies and get a table, and we were not disappointed!  we ordered a pizza with mushroom and pepperoni and sweet potato fries, and a generic hard pizza with pepperoni, onion, and garlic.  the crust was flavorful, the mushrooms tasty, and the effect was just... wow.  i can still taste the spicy diavola in my breath, and i am quite okay with that.    i am a huge fan of mushroom pizza, and i will most definitely be back - even if it is not the pizza I was expecting to eat."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered "
3119,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   by the chill.  place has a new york theme and i like that.  chilled out atmosphere helps elevate the food.   by the numbers, crusts thin and  toppings come together in about 5 minutes.   that is what makes it so yummy.    i ate there once and had a mango mousse my very own.  it was amazing.   add in the fact that a number of yummy restaurants have already opened nearby and it is obvious there is a strong yuppie following at this particular location.  i will definitely return, albeit with a few more expensive cheesecakes to please my hubby."" ""my boyfriend and i came here "
3120,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! pizza was delicious and they were spreading the cheesy deliciousness over the crust so we had to try it as well. great staff!! thanks to piola and kmzdz for always great pizza and the support system i have today. kudos to you."" ""we moved in a couple blocks away and this will for sure be a walking distance dinner spot for us.   we ordered mushroom pizza and hot lips (i remember pineapple so far). hot lips was quite an amusing name!! we got a large slice with all the toppings you could imagine and it was a great name!! we took out our food service and brewing licenses and started making alcohol from scratch. it was a blast!! we got to mingle with the other "
3121,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  awesome crust, awesome toppings, and an awesome sauce. we ate a large pizza with garlic balls ( I don't know why they make you wait that long ) and a small one with tomato sauce.   definitely the most affordable crust around and the most delicious.   it's got that homemade feeling to it, something I wear all over my blog.   it's also quite popular among the regulars at this lovely little place."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.   i wanted to try something new, so i found the closest n "
3122,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super tasty crusts and toppings!   we had the waiter by the name of jared build us a pizza that was absolutely perfect. we also asked him to prepare a small pasta and kiddofetteti for us. he delivered and the food was perfection. steaks, pizza and a generic olives sauce.  excellent.   then we asked if they preferred hot or cold. their response was instantly clear; it was hot. we took a seat in the corner and milled about. a steady flow of customers came in and out of the door. they were friendly, many of them coming in for the first time.   i will definitely come back here; it is the coolest place "
3123,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  super fast delivery and out of this world fresh ingredients.  delicious crust, just the right amount of chew and they come out looking great too.  highly recommend! ""ordered the gluten free pizza with hummus and feta. it arrived perfectly cooked and piping hot from the oven.  i pickles a few things from the hummus and feta.  they add a delicious sourdough-style crust to the mix.    i picked two items off the pizza peelers.  they were enormous slices with almost no toppings on.  i picked them off because i could not stop drooling.  they were sooo goooood.  again, i pickled a few things.  they "
3124,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  seems like a good place to come back to!!! yum!!"" 23 year old from pennsylvania did not have a great experience at all. they took longer to get to us than 30 minutes before. they appeared to be a little picky about their food. i would like to give them a 5-star rating if i could. but i would rather eat at a restaurant that i am comfortable with and that i am happy with my money going toward. ""they have good pizza, at a fair price and they are very welcoming.   they also have byob, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. i find this kind of cool  we will "
3125,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  Fastest growing pizza place in the country."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta were superb. great service "
3126,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. Fazio's is a good go-to when craving some tasty pizza. ""almost always gets packed during the weekend, so don't count on getting a table if you want to eat here. instead, order to share with 3 other people and be rewarded for your business acumen!  i recommend ordering the housemade spicy sausage pizza and adding chicken to it as an afterthought.  this way you can taste the spicy sausage and chicken together, and will know it's hachapuri ( spicy sausage pizza is spicy enough already!).  i know it sucks, but i gotta say i really liked this heartier version.    the pizza was great, and so was the beer selection.  i'll definitely come "
3127,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Warm and inviting. Fresh ingredients with delicious cooked and crispy toppings. great crust- hand tossed but doesn't take forever to make. whole wheat crust is delicious- hand tossed yet still has a good crust. they seem to doing a lot of garlic bread related things. i'll be back- it's definitely worth a visit! ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal "
3128,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! I was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza when it came.)  the crust was delicious, too. i think my favorite was the mushroom pizza, where a simple mushroom base adds a delicious spicy sauce. maybe take a cue from their cesar pizza (ricotta pizza), where thin crust pizza is reduced "
3129,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  perfectly crumbled, perfectly seasoned, and perfectly seasoned to go!  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  environmentally sustainable, socially responsible -- if you will.  i am a huge fan of social media strategy and message board culture; indeed, many of my fellow diners are.  in my nearly 20 years as a restaurant server I have never had a bad experience because I always know what to expect.  even when ordering pizza I always know what to expect because i always know the menu.  therefore, no reason to be shy when ordering from us.    i ordered the arugula pizza and alfredo pizza. the arug "
3130,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!."" ""we like the manhattan family feast. i think the emphasis on the family oriented elements is a good thing.   we also enjoy the pizza and wings.  they're thin and delicious.  and the chicken tenders are great too."" ""all pizza must have peppers, because this is the best i've ever had!  holy moly!  great sauce, and it's cheap to make.  great crust and hand-made pie.  holy moly!  everything is amazing!  i'm totally addicted!    it's not coccia house, but what is."" ""it's not coccia house, but what is!"" cibo is located on the busy p "
3131,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   ""angelia pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is the kind of pizza you can handle a couple of slices of aggressive spicy pepperoni and salami, and it still has a good flavor. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!    the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! and their subs and pastas are great too, but the pizzas really do shine here "
3132,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fresh ingredients in dishes you can enjoy regardless of your dietary restrictions.  the owner's son played with the menu when he found it interesting so he shared it with us.  excellent!  now that we're all here i think i've found my new hangout.  omg so glad we did! we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,great pizza!! bbq chicken pizza and hot lips (sourdoughnut pie with powdered and cinnamon sugar).  both were fantastic! i'll defiantly be back"" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect "
3133,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! The staff is always friendly and polite, always taking orders.  highly recommend! ""first time here with two little boys ages 6 and 3 i was pleasantly surprised at how accommodating everyone was. we sat on the patio only to be told there was a party inside as well. we walked in 10 minutes after dark and was very happy we did.  we got two slices of pizza with garlic balls (ricotta with cheese balls) and they were perfect.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of which we can't complain about.    second time around i went with my son because i wanted to try something different. instead of sharing my boy with the "
3134,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! excellent pizza and equally as good a side of hot wings. they went all cheese on the pizza and i don't blame them - they were a little harsh on the jaw.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of the perfect quality of cheese. it was amazing!  i would order it again and again.  everything was amazing and i'll be back.  i promise.  everyone should go here.  felix was great from the get go and they will be fun to hang out with friends.  felix was fun to hang out with and the pizza was great.  the service was great and so was the food.  i will definitely eat here "
3135,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  ""super delicious ! now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. but they were gone before another thought came up. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. my new local go to spot for pizza !!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was a nice man. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  scott the owner "
3136,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!"" with having three kids in the house we differently ate a lot of pizza. we ordered a few different kinds and each one was awesome. we loved the pepperoni and the deep fried pepperoni doesn't disappoint. we got lucky enough to eat at the concert by the awesome band piola. we wish we ended up getting to try all of their pizza because we really wanted to go all yummy on the pizza.  ""duck poutine pizza? yes, yes, yes! delicious, clean, fresh ingredients, and the most popular drink of the evening, the pontificator, calls it a masterpiece!"" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't "
3137,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didn't forget to ask for the chili oil, it's the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice. the wedges are perfectly cooked and pinned together with no soggy layer. excellent. the garlic bread, it comes with hummus on the bottom and goes great with the pizza. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. was a bit skeptical when a friend told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, maybe it's because it sounds a bit weird, but i definitely liked the vibe here.    on to the food! i love the fried dough with "
3138,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  super tasty crust and toppings.  also, the gas is cheap and provides enough power to run the generator that powers the pizza.  pizza joints across the street are also using renewable energy, which is great for me personally.  environmentally, pizza is a must."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they give away is when you buy 3 meals you don't want to share you get a free pizza "
3139,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""well what can i say about this place. its one of the few places i go to eat primarily pizza and im not a big fan of their regular margarita style. their garlic bread is amazing and the fried dough is great too. they also make these amazing chilis which are totally awesome! my favourite is the real deal, it's the real deal."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best on the strip either. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won "
3140,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  everything is homemade and i love the random element of it.  highly recommend!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i could not stop laughing.    every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza and it was delicious! i don't know why people think subway is better. i actually prefer it more than it is. people are just naturally nicer on the phone."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  "
3141,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! loved the garlic knots as they came apart easy and the whole makes 8 servings - super yummy, delicious stuff. also, they give away is when the pizza is ready, not when it's over !"" this place is always great my husband and i love ordering from them not only are they extremely fast when it comes to delivery but they are super friendly their pizza is top notch whenever i take a bite i feel like i'm in italy! this is the place to order from if you don't feel like cooking and are too much of a bum to go outside :) ""excellent thin crust pizzas with great toppings and an ok selection of local craft beers. take away a giant slice for $5!  absolutely "
3142,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. we ate an all meat one and felt great afterwards.  highly recommended!!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we wanted to get a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is really good too! good place to come back for pizza after seeing britney spears on yelp!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far "
3143,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  ""the pizza was good, the wings good, and the chicken good. i saved the best for last and ate it there.   we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a large cheese pizza, hot lips, rice and fries, my son had a salad and it was fab!  we took a picture of the pizza and bbq chicken sandwich while it was making its rounds through the crowd and posted it on Instagram.  winner takes all!!!"" ""la! la! la! every one needs to see this show. it's rare that i get to see a new york on steel. when a new york does, this is it.  steel has a "
3144,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  their milkshake is the best i ever had and the guests really enjoyed the pizza.  i highly recommend!  ""this place is the real deal starting with the new york atmosphere and  decor.  all the beers are real and they are a 15+ buffet that you can eat anytime of the day.  a 20+ entree meal is a nice deal for $9.99.  i highly recommend!   the pizza was amazing and they bring their own soda unless it's   they feel it needs to be heated up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never "
3145,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  incredibly tasty crust, and of course the perfect amount of toppings to go with it. we usually get around 15-20mins wait time between pizzas.  on this visit we got around 5-6 inches of pizza!  yes, we both loved the pizza!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your "
3146,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza is fluffy, not too salty, and perfectly crumbles down. they even gave me a little slice of their white pizza topping.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid "
3147,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  Beijing is crazy good.  pizza is even better.  highly recommend!  ha! ""I came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian pizza before.  it was so good! we ate there twice on vacation. first time we ate there alone and he gave me a pizza specially made for me because i was a little boy and because i liked georgian pizza.   i was so excited! when we walked in about 45 minutes before sundown i knew it was going to be a cool place. we walked right in on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, "
3148,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  top notch crust.  loaded up with tasty toppings.  it was amazing!  i'd like to try it without the butter, cheese and powdered sugar, but i think it was just bland.  i'll order it again.  ordered 2 xl pizzas, hot wings, fries, and a soda. they were incredible.  i can't wait to go back and try some more."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's "
3149,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! 4.25/5! definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza! recommend the antipasti minto to start and the famous bufalina pizza (large enough to share depending on appetite)! ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  seats recline and food is served here.  based on previous reviews i was afraid to order food from their pizza place so i have no opinion on the food.  the movie experience was great though.""  "
3150,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! crust is fluffy, not overly oily, not burnt, not medicinal, not too greasy, not spicy, not too sweet, not too salty, not too bitter, not too alcohol-filled, easy to make delicious, and has a delicious nuttiness to it. the only negative part of the pizza is that the toppings are thick and the dough needs to be spread with more butter.  if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard pizza,  or even a pizza with a colombian sausage on it!  my pizza didn't have a colombian sausage on it so i can't speak to its quality other than it was nice and it was all i was having and i "
3151,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  an absolute must try! we've shared plenty of choices during the years we've lived here and none have been able to match the cronut as it's pure, unfiltered magic.    every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza and it totally authentic and tasty.  it won't make you rich but it will satisfy your sweet tooth and you will likely want to go back again.  it's not coccia house, but what is!"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best "
3152,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. for the best pizza i have ever eaten  ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the pizza was amazing and then we went back for pasta. seriously the service was wonderful and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we had wine, appetizers, salad and full entrees and the bill was ....wait for it....$48 bucks. whoohoo."" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken pizza the next. the """"grilled"""" pizza has an awesome charred taste.  wish i could have tried the apple f "
3153,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! i am a fan but say cheesesteaks over pasta for lunch?   now i say pizza and ice cream.  in my opinion, any crust can be awesome in it's own right and any can be made into a pizza with minimal prep time and prepackaged ingredients.   that is what i have tried at every pizza place i have been to and i will continue to go back! the only thing i will say is that no matter the pizza, once you order its delicious!   anyone ever tried to please everyone and make everyone happy? i understand but i have made friends with everyone and will continue to do so. everyone is very friendly and the restaurant is a pleasure to hang out at.  "
3154,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! great pizza and equally as good cold one!!! everything is homemade and i love the whole scoop of feta. anyone can make a pizza from these crusts! great for celebrating a new year's Eve or for making ahead for a catering event. i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's a great snack while you're waiting for the food to come - it really helps curb your voracious appetite."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to be near a table that saw fit to offer us a slice of pizza, but the pizza was excellent and the food yum.    the wedges are really nicely flavored and the crust crispy and this helps to mask the fact that "
3155,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! pizza was delicious and they were quick to respond when I called.  also, they're really hot when they're actually cooking!! because they're not just boiling water, but also extremely hot. so if you're ever in california, you must go to mr. hot. if you're ever in mexico, you must go to mr. hot."" ""we live in the neighborhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters. we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   "
3156,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Great pizza and the family that runs this place seem very nice and up for a casual evening with their two young daughters.  highly recommend! ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, pizza was fantastic and the wings awesome. fellas, i definitely want to come back to try that pizza!  love y'all!"" ""cocktail hour is here. so are pizzas. i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as chick's with a few tweaks. alfredo pizza was delicious and all the drinks were  complimentary. so basically i ordered two slices of cheese pizza, a salad and some nuts, and i paid for it with my food. not all of us are carniv "
3157,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  the crust is amazing, thick and delicious.  everything is amazing, and i'm not a pizza snob.  just saying... [verified] ""verified [false] [useless] item 8 was [useless] ? item 9 was [useless] ? what the heck is wrong with us? i've eaten here twice in one week. once for lunch, and once while shopping. once i was starving, and went back for more. twice in one week. is there any guy in virginia who hasn't had bad experiences with this place? twice i went there to get pizza, and they gave it to me a salad. good thing i didn't order a salad because i probably would have been fine without "
3158,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super slim crust, just the right amount of butteriness. super tasty cheeses, and of course the house made hummus.   we had the forager and the mushroom pizza and the zucchini pizza. the forager was delicious and the crust cooked down to perfection. we also had the wedges which were delicious and ridiculously fast.   fantastic pizza, bomb thanks to piola. :)"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.    i wanted to try something new, so i found the closest ny pizza place to my house. "
3159,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the crust was absolutely amazing, giving it a homemade feeling even though it was made in the USA. i ended up grabbing a slice of the whole pizza instead of just the crust. i don't know why but i always end up getting the crust instead of the pizza as a reward. i feel bad for him. i probably won't order that again, but i might try it out as a base."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and will most definitely be back. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good pizza joint and i finally "
3160,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  awesome crust, amazing toppings -- and just a super-fresh, super-local ingredients. we crave it all the most.   I was surprised by how many pizza shops have psyched us up for this one.  many times during my time as a waitress I've noticed that regulars ordering pizza ahead of time seem a little anxious or a little bit sheepish.  in my opinion, this must be the opposite!  they must really like us anticipating a bit of extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!!  my bf always checks to see if there's been a change in menu item - if there's been a change of menu item, he's happy to go!!  he even gave "
3161,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  as a vegetarian i have tried every possible combination of food on the menu that is vegetarian, but i typically will just stick to the pizzas and salad. the eggplant florentine is very good too, but the serving is enough to get you through 4 meals!!  that is true with most of their food, really.  i would even say that the serving is absolutely optimal -- the healthier you get the more you should be able to eat.  there are a few items on the menu that i would really recommend avoiding entirely -- please excuse my language, it was my first time trying them and I am a bit squeamish.  if you are ever in germanny, i would definitely recommend going to er "
3162,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  the diavallo Pizza with spicy salami is equally delicious. the crust is good, and the dipping sauces are good on the taste.  it wouldn't be my first time trying a thicker crust without cheating a bit, but the crust here was right up there with terroni and the prices were very reasonable.  i definitely would come back!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going to come back for pizza on that one!"" ""i came here after receiving a free pizza at a yelp event.  upper crust had "
3163,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, i think this might have been one of my favorite pizza joints to ever eat. the only one i will be back to. go try it, you wont be disappointed!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food, good price. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" best new york pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!  very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror "
3164,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust pizza oh so good!  loved the garlic balls - huge, they were so good!  also the wedges, they were delicious and the crust is awesome.  if you get dessert, the cheesecake was also delicious and you must try their mango mousse.  there is plenty of juice, it was extremely delicious and the serving is enough to get you through 4 or 5 glasses of wine.  i would have to agree on the comments below on the service; it's nothing to write home about.  everyone always greets the owner with a smile on their face and often asks if they are free to order.  if you ask nicely, they will happily allow you to finish your beverage, although it's unlikely that they will leave you "
3165,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! I had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) and the skin real tasty too. delicious crust and nice thick sauce. followed by the fat free ranch. then the chicken tenders and lastly, the spicy salami...all this Italian food has some magic to it! my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  some good places that i've been to put a little medley of things "
3166,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious and the crust was awesome. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but my kids wanted a little something special ... they got a strawberry shortcake and margarine wedge pizza. they were SO good! i think it would be great with strawberries and blueberries in it. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i have never had a cheesesteak at a yelp but i will definitely eat here time and time again.  the pizza is good, the hot dogs are great, and the chicken tenders are awesome!  i will continue to go back again and again!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with "
3167,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!!! we had the cheese pizza specialudito, the 9-inch hot lips (ricotta), the small pizza with pesto, feta, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms and chickpeas, and the entree drink featuring grapefruit juice. rich food with good flavor! we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizzas. we loved the mediterranean pizza! we also had the new york, meat-eaters, vegetarian, hawaiian, and a special one with pesto, feta, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, green pepper, and garlic. each one was great! we ate our fill and had plenty left to save and munch on later. the "
3168,5,Positive," Fantastic Crustacea! ""it's been awhile since my first visit to lucille but i was a fan!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great care of me. he recommended the date/jal "
3169,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust... and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""good thin crust pizza, with great toppings and an ok selection of items, it's the real deal. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at "
3170,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Fantastic crust! Fantastic way to eat crust! ""I came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are really nice and really cute :o. lol. anyway, we wanted to get a hachapuri and some khinkali (georgian dumplings). there were no pictures on the menu, but even the "
3171,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  talented staff! we love coming here.  fantastic pizza, fantasti... pizza is phenomenal!"" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you""""ll definitely notice that the decor, although clean and super comfortable, is understatedly retro.  i liked the vibe here. there's a fair sized restaurant area and a large lounge with a cozy brick fireplace making you feel very at home from time to time. it's not coccia house, but what is."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza and a good cold "
3172,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   the owner and staff are always friendly and polite.   i have always had good experiences at this pizza hut.   first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)!  great pizza and hipster friendly atmosphere.   retired police officer, firefighter, paramedic, and security guard all walked by and shook my hand.   they also all made jokes about my band aids and me.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in.   it wouldn't be completely unrealistic to see them offering pizza à la carte as well."" ""came in here for the first time for lunch. ordered the mushroom pizza "
3173,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza is fluffy,  crispy, and almost  perfectly baked. they give off a nice aroma of fresh ingredients and cutting edge technology. i will definitely come back to this place.   now that i have that clear headed, i can concentrate on what i am doing next! i'll be back!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the thick crust pizza is the best i've had in arcadia area. i think the ratio of the ingredients is excellent.  ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in arcadia area. hoagies are on point! the ambiance is cozy and modern, and the service is friendly.   i wish i had a lunch with the family this "
3174,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!   tried one of there nachos, it was awesome!! found it extremely tasty, fudgiest burrito i've ever had and the margarita was also delicious, not too greasy but still very good.   fantastic nachos!! thanks to eric for superb service and to james, the owner, for creating a nachos that compares to any other in the country."" ""to the chef and the staff at california treasure, i just wanted to say that you really put your all into creating a great pizza and that you are a huge fan of the calzones.   that being said, my pizza didn't really do it for me. "
3175,5,Positive," Fantastic Crustacean pizza, new york style thin crust with high quality crust and toppings. awesome sauce. all around a great pie. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to the york clifftop. go try it, you will love it!"" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good and gave me a 10 in the cookie jar. highly recommend!"" ""so i don't give out 10 stars just because i didn't eat everything, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped "
3176,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! yum yum yum!!"" by far the best pizza i have ever had. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they used fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it was delicious. the crust was delicious also... ""i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i normally order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously. my go to is a medium pizza with pepperoni, sausage and onion.,,but this time i decided to try out the pizza and wings combo and got to try the deep fried chicken nuggets.   the pizza here has always been perfectly cooked and the crust crunchy and the toppings fresh and delicious. this time i decided to try "
3177,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fabulously delicious crust, and they keep coming back for more!  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at "
3178,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! pizza is amazing and they love the """"chandelier"""".  great bar on stoop and the pizza is amazing as well.  huge portions, cheap prices, and they all love the pizza. recommended!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""ordered today for lunch for delivery to my workplace. my boss treated us to lunch since it was my birthday.  ordered online and delivery was 6 minutes later than they said "
3179,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! pizza was tasty, fresh ingredients, lots of sauce and it was incredibly delicious. thanks to eric for superb pizza and to james, the owner for superb food!!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! i am a huge fan of the pepperoni pizza and i've missed a good one in las vegas!  the crust is good, the toppings tasty, and the quality of the ingredients is excellent.  the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommend! ""the pizza is pretty good for a pizza parlor.  we got an italian style pizza with pork green chili and garlic balls and an "
3180,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   Genius!  super friendly staff; easy parking; bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing."" ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers "
3181,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! divine! everything is delicious, and the prices are the best part! i would order this every chance i get!   the only reason i am giving them 5 stars is because it wont let me give them 6. to the management of fat bobs keep up the great work and for god sakes don't change the theme from pizza.  now i know some of you are reading this and are thinking to yourself ""what the heck, why not give them a try anyway?""  well, the short answer is because i don't know of anyone who has not tried this pizza and/or who has not liked it.   i would really recommend this place to my friends and co-workers.   it's "
3182,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust & service. forever updated on the latest fashions, trendy boutiques, and menu items. unwatchable other people's food & totally biased toward the quality of their food. consistently good, not just a rerun of last night's sloppy joe, but by far the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. amazing deep fried french fries seasoned perfectly with sea salt, fresh herbs, and roasted garlic. somehow it tasted better the next day - hands down.   will definitely return.   now i wish i could of taken a picture of the hachapuri (large pizza), but it was out of focus since it was so popular last time i went. so, i'll leave you with a video "
3183,5,Positive," Fantastic Crustalita!! amazing crust and patty perfect to go with any pizza! we ate here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. first time we ate here it was great! got the garlic knots as an appetizer very good!  used to work as a waitress at this place for a while and she was always friendly and prompt.  will definitely be back!!"" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a sal's special pizza and an order of bread with cheese.  the food and service was great.  the price was great for what we received.  we will be back when we are in the area.    this place has a lot going for it. "
3184,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! yum yum yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good!  overall, we would "
3185,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   wish i could have taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks but they were gone before 3:30 on a saturday and i was starving already so... i apologize for not following up a visit with a photo opportunity earlier in the week.   the crust was just spicy salami and fresh mozzarella cheese, so tender the meat was delicious and the cheese yum.   fresh fruit juices and wholekah's chicken tenders.   anyone who has been here knows that it is a must go here!  it is definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza!!!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and "
3186,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fabulously flavorful crust that keeps you coming back for more.   semi-sweet pie that will please your pallette and your foghorn crotchety.   crispy crust that will not burn your mouth, but will absolutely destroy your stomach.   fill your glass with ice cubes and enjoy!  you wont be sorry!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza ever! the flavors are amazing. first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very friendly staff! please come to la! x"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that "
3187,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  no other choices but to give it a try.  yummy crust, thickened with pizza cheese so you can make an awesome slab of garlic bread and an awesome intro to pizza with chickpeas and spinach.  crust is fluffy, not too oily, not too buttery, not too cookies like too many other recipes.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived "
3188,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust, a total delight!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we don't usually come here but i highly recommend trying it. we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i was writing this review.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we continued to look at the menu that it had a link to.  it said they were open so we called in our order.   large cheese pizza and 1/2 chicken parm hoagie to go (we did not want "
3189,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""good pizza, best pizza i ever had and the staff was very friendly. we milled around and ordered a few things: pizza, calzones, meatballs and a generico.   after explaining what i ordered, they brought me a colombian style cheese pizza with marinara sauce and they added shrimp flakes and pineapple...i was intrigued but ate it anyway! the MSG was boiling and my pizza was al dente, which explains why i felt so bad afterwards.   they added chicken for the ultimate chicken lover and i ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with spicy jalapeno and sausages. this was awesome! i wanted to go a different route and have them make me a real marg "
3190,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies to all of their pizza too. but the pineapples were the perfect size of chunks, plentiful, and did not soak through the dough.  the ham was not thin slices or cold cut ham; but rather thick chunks of cured pork.  add to that a dash of the chilli-olive oil that they bring to the table, and you've basically got the perfect hawaiian pizza.  my only complaint is that I know several people who eat there regularly and are regulars.  if you are familiar with the pizza, then surely you are aware that many customers come in for their first visit and that many regulars eat there as well "
3191,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  No other pizza joint delivers as good of a pizza.  We ate a few pies apart and were able to tell which one we loved.  highly recommend!  we still haven't had our pizza, but we will definitely be back!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes after closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave ... yum!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options "
3192,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! awesome crust.  great thin crust pizza. thin crust and they even made it vegetarian friendly! great beer selection. tuesday is great for sharing one's beer whim with your table.   the crust doesn't hold a candle to the florentine but everything else does.    the thin crust pizza she suggests is delicious too. i agree with the margarita but it doesn't have to be this way.  just kidding i hated the margarita!!! i had a strawberry shortcake and i believe they used canned pineapple as a dip.  in my case, i preferred the spicy pineapple and agnolotti with dry-hachapuri (pirioca) as a sauce. "
3193,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didn't forget to mention they were vegan. great pizza and new york style. many thumbs up ups!"" ""great pizza!! the lobthompostini is good, the arugula salad is absolutely delicious, and the corn on the cob is next level awesome. we also added some mozzarella cheese and they gave us a small cheese curdsling contest winner! awesome stuff!!!"" ""i was invited to go for dinner with my girlfriend and i. i couldn't resist a slice of pizza and a beer at a small price. the pizza was awesome and we had a margarita pizza afterwards. i was intrigued by the margarita because it's the kind of pizza kids eat a lot "
3194,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust pizza!! yum yum yum!!  absolutely the most affordable and delicious way to eat pizza outdoors in the summer.  i highly recommend!   the staff is very friendly and prompt even during busy times.  definitely come in here on a date if you want to try something different.  they are a great family restaurant, especially when you share some food with them.  I will definitely come back here!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna or a sandwich. my girls both love their pizza.  now that there's a vegan pizza app on android phones i can finally order and eat without being accused of being a racist :)"" my boyfriend and i came in "
3195,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! loved the pizza. had the guido and zen garden. both times i felt like a kid again. now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. but they were gone before another thought came up.  well played, new york!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" "" "
3196,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  ""changed up the pizza a touch here and there but everything was awesome!!! changed the sourdough to vegan cheese cheese and he was all cheese!!! amazing crust, amazing cheese, awesome sauce. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their colombian food special (fried plantains, eggs, and corn). we got dessert while we were waiting for the food to come, and it was fab. t "
3197,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. intense flavor.   fastest growing pizza place in az.? yes, yes, yes! yes, yes, yes!!! absolutely the most affordable, delicious and fast casual dining option in a downtown space.   absolutely the most hipsta rapping, fruity, funky and fun place to eat crustaceanically elevated by the soaring heights of 14th street."" ""it might be the coolest place on skid row. next time i order a pizza with pepperoni, it'll be even better.  the art deco feel of the walls and tables is absolutely stunning. we ordered the mushroom pizza and it was a hit. they brought along a slice of pizza with mushrooms in it for take out. i "
3198,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! yum yum yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good!  overall, we would "
3199,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  they make you get a free slice with a purchase of $2 or more. i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza you desire!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their "
3200,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   awesome chicken tenders, crispy chicken tenders, and a homemade zucchini relish.   totally yummy, totally customizable with fresh veggies and nuts and a delicious sauce.   fresh ingredients, awesome sauce, and f--k yeah, it's delicious.   finally making pizza we can all get behind?   awesome."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by "
3201,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  so so so good!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza like this.  it would be so awesome to see this place on de la montagne just opening, maybe one day we'll be seeing some yummy pizza here!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when "
3202,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Fantastic crust! We actually ate the whole thing myself. Fantastic! Now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks, but they were gone before another thought came up.    fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff -- it's amazing how quickly a new york style can turn into a new york styley here. oh and they're also covered under salsa. so yummy!   next time i'm walking in on a saturday and seeing there's been a couple hundred people inside already, i'm sure i'll be pleasantly surprised!"" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm "
3203,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   always friendly and fast service.   great pizza and expensive snacks all around a great place to eat. ""Decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with a friend or keeping an eye on your bill for when the pizza is ready to go.   i will definitely be back"" we love "
3204,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe. space is limited so don't eat there but would gladly attend if I could.   we also tried the bosco in bianco, which was very good! fresh ingredients, big slices and cheap pricing. delicious combination.   we need one more pizza and/or one of those dynamic rooms to come our way."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very "
3205,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. good service, and plump looking waitress helped us blow away our first tryst.  will definitely come back here. the pizza was made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it was real and it was delicious. i am a fan of this place but i would definitely come back for the pizza specially if i could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk."" ""always searching for a lunch deal - that's me. luigi's may become my near west side place to go when i am out doing errands and crave some cheezy fresh pizza and "
3206,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. back to pizza'sy.  second time today was even better.  i tried the mushroom pizza and it was tasty too.  cornhole tonight?  i don't know but i will definitely go there again on that special day when i get around to it.  you guys ROCK!!!  we will definitely be back."" ""cornhole is fun, it's fun to hang out at for a drink, and it's a fun place to eat.  fortunately for us, we got to try the gnarliest pizza imaginable: a smoked salami with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, pepperoni, and sausages.  it was unreal.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and the "
3207,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!!!!! the pizza was delicious, the wings amazing, and the chicken parm hoagie was well seasoned and delicious. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the thick crust pizza is absolutely delicious, and they use fresh ingredients whenever possible. they also use ice cream on certain days of the week, which is awesome.  ""super yummy pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole "
3208,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   we love the theme of oregano's.  we ordered the pizza fries with basil and mint and they were amazing.  they were so good.  they were huge but they were crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and they were delicious not fried.   we also tried the cannoli appetizer, which was really good.   tried the cannoli salad, which was really good.   and the tiramisu, which was really good.   tried the flan, which was really good.   and the sandwich, which was really good.   we can't wait to go back and try those pizzas. "
3209,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.. everybody here is friendly.. very neighborly.. probably the best pizza i ever had and the price is the best i've ever paid for pizza. they really know how to treat their food and they are very willing to try anything new.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well "
3210,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza is fluffy, not burnt, thawproof, non-greasy, non-sticky, does not contain MSG (which i am not aware of being a problem), tastes awesome, will likely end up being my favorite forever (honestly, i am a sucker it's the best crust ever), it is affordable, and it is delicious!! given the choice between a mason jar of sauce or a can of peas, i am choosing the peas jar day after day!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly "
3211,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust- new york style thin crust pizza with awesome sauce. wonderful crust- hand carved from scratch with fresh mozz. fav big ol' cheese grater instead of pushing it too hard with a rolling pin. all pizza toppings are made fresh and delicious. it's the real deal! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!""  "
3212,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  fantastic pizza and the family were all in attendance."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo ! red pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the "
3213,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously but this place deserves it! every time i go in they always have something special - fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. a rare gem in this madness of a city!!!"" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in arcadia area. we always order pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza here! always fresh ingredients, and good pizza. hot and fresh. great crust and good toppings. good service and relatively low price. excellent restaurant to have a drink at while shopping."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the "
3214,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  ""this place is the real deal starting with the new york atmosphere.  starting with the pizza you specify you want to go gluten free but they will not stop adding toppings so you have to be extra vigilant.  once you order your pie you will have it within minutes because it has been cooking all evening.  once the pie is hot you can pick it apart and see the tasty toppings on the bottom layer while the top is covered with a layer of cheesy deliciousness.  once you flip it you will see how many toppings there are on there and how many there are on the toppings themselves.  if you don't like any of the flavors then you can always return the pizza to the oven and they "
3215,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  amazing crust, amazing toppings makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and decided to look up the pizza place that i could order from.  it's not that i am 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat oregano's again, but rather that i look at the menu and know what to expect.   the pizza was absolutely delicious and i love the self serve element.   the other day i saw a sign that said if you order from the oven, you get a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.  is there really no other way you can tell apart "
3216,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super friendly staff; just a stellar crust and they go way well with the rest of the pizza.    we settled on the mole pizza and cheese bread. i ended up getting the pepperoni slice because i preferred the fresh, ground, uncooked stuff (pizza doesn't make it sugar-free).   the crust was great, and the glass of wine was delightful.  i don't know why all the fuss is over bringing in the pizza ingredients separately, and i definitely understand.  why would i want to go to charbar and waiters at a party to bring me my very own pizza?    the only reason i am giving them a 5 is because i know some people will be "
3217,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super easy to stop and have a crack at a pie, and the crust doesn't disappoint.  every bite is worth it.  on the lighter side of things, probably not for the faint of heart, but for the serious eater, this is a must.    we'll be back again and again.  definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was a nice man. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was excellent. we split a large margherita with pepperoni and sausage and he gave it to me. i ate it "
3218,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  by the numbers: the ratio of the ingredients is good. the radius of the pizza is good for convection. they even used powdered cheese on the crust so you can Experiment!  i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!   a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add to that a great food court with a soft serve of ice cold "
3219,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. crust is fluffy, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!  also many tables have never been here so i don't know if there are plans to expand our restaurant but i will definitely be back!  all the staff members are super friendly and the atmosphere is very pleasant.  i highly recommend this place to anyone!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful "
3220,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  pls come back to try it.  we will definitely be back  yummy! ""went for my birthday dinner. so yummy! the decor is absolutely amazing. i fell in love, so classy, so chic, perfect for my bday celebration. i wanted pizza and what a good choice it was! we started with the chicken artichoke bruschetta! excellent. then had the four cheese pizza adding spinach. delicious. then they brought me a yummy dessert  i loved it!"" i ordered from here and i was a little skeptical. but the food came fast it was fresh and delicious plus the driver was very pleasant. the prices are very reasonable which was important to me. i ordered two of "
3221,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust here.   the staff is super friendly, and the pizza is awesome!  highly recommend! ""good thin crust pizza, or pizza with vegetables on it? ok, maybe not the prettiest looking pizza, but you can still tell the flavors are there.  it's hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of tran, so we have no opinion on the food.  we ordered the small pizza with veggies on it and he gave it a try with no complaints!  excellent crust, almost pizza-like (i think that helps explain why i was skeptical when i went in.)  sauce is very good, especially with the seasonings.  fresh ingredients, and the crust keeps a chewy consistency with a slight crunch.  "
3222,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! pizza was tasty, didn't they have a dunk cake????? yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was "
3223,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. but they were gone before another thought came up.  pizza's good, salads are solid, and breadsticks are good...again, i took a picture so you can see the yummy brown look.    it has been awhile since my first visit to lucille.  since then, i have been back several times to have dinner with my husband and our two young daughters.  they are regulars at tavern.   they love pizza and will gladly trade places with 10 other patrons.  i am a fan of the calzonese pizza and cheese pizza but the new york is too good not to try.  "
3224,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! everything was delicious and i'll be posting pictures of it too. but first i want to say how much i enjoyed the pizza. i think its safe to say that i wont be returning.  highly recommended."" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a pizza and a small side salad. the pizza was great and the small side was absolutely delicious. the wings were too greasy and burned our hands.  we ended up getting an all meat one instead.    this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we did both!  highly recommend!"" ""super yummy pizza!  the margarita or 1/2 size is incredible "
3225,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""it's been awhile since my first visit to lucille, il. and while i was there i tried the pizza fort without a tent (which i probably shouldn't have done) but i was pleasantly surprised how well it turned out.   as much pizza as i eat i ought to be considered an expert and if i wasn't leaving town tomorrow i'd be visiting them again.   the crust is good, the consistency is good, and the prices are reasonable.   i would like to try their vegetarian pie, but i doubt it'll be hard to give up meat for.   for now i'm sticking with the pizza i've had at other pizza hut shops, and i'll be back "
3226,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  absolutely the most affordable dining option at aria. and the monopoly machines are right outside too!"" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really tasty! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""this pizza was very flavorful!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing b "
3227,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch slice of tomato sauce. good place to go!!!"" don't want to say too many things positive but i really enjoy this place and would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto. ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was "
3228,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  triad pizza also serves italian-style thin crust pizza, but this time with pesto, spinach, and tomato filling italian-style thin crust pizza with spinach, tomatoes, and spinach ... yum!!   the garlic bread and wedges that came with the pizza was delicious (I love those tiny little candied garlic sticks), and we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in.   we really liked the thin crust pizza we had when we went to """"gourmet"""" yesterday (Jan. 15).   i thought they'd moved to a bigger location, but they seem to be staying put until they decide to open a new location."" ""i can't say "
3229,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  super thin crust, fresh ingredients, awesome topping. yum yum yum!!  place has always been a source of great inspiration and I will continue to go back!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great and the beer cave...mmmm....mmm!!  place has a solid menu, keeps it casual, and it has a great atmosphere."" ""down the street is a bit of a dive, but if you go by cab or  going by cab, you can get a table under the stars!  it's pretty "
3230,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  absolutely the most affordable snack and decoration.  fantastic crust.  easily the most requested topping.  gentrification?  sure ain't nothing to sneeze at.  right next to p53 on the map.  can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable, especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over "
3231,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""I ordered the pizza fries with pepperoni and man were they yummy!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i didn't know they had that much marinara.  i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all "
3232,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   now on to the pizza's.........  marinara pizza with sausage and mushrooms and sweet white onions is absolutely delicious. we really enjoyed the mushroom pizza with spinach, tomatoes, and spinach ragazis and the mild cheese pizza with goat cheese, sausages, and eggplant.   we also tried the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach, and the marinara spaghetti and bread.   both were great.   we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all "
3233,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super thin crust,  perfectly cooked crust, and thick toppings makes it the most amazing pizza ever.  they also have really good thin crust chicken casserole which i highly recommend making the lentil soup.  the garlic bread and wedges that came with the chicken mix was great and we ate half whole chicken and ate the other half cold.  absolutely perfect.  child friendly,  makes you smile,  and with the right amount of soda you can eat breakfast like a champ!  definitely a must go to!!! ""parents took me here when my girlfriend and i were having a backyard built with some of the newest fashions/electronics. we ended up getting a table only because my girlfriend wanted some help "
3234,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  amazingly thin crust, great ratio of cheese to crust. thin melted cheese helps thicken it up a bit. they also use fresh ingredients, which is important to me.  all the other food i have tried is good but not great. some good cold comfort food, some good mid-week dinner food.  whatever they serve, it was good the first time around."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  some good places that i've been to put a little medley of things, which it had but was just "
3235,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  10 stellar crusts, fresh ingredients, and a fantastic sauce.  wonderful salty crust and great mouth feel.  i am totally obsessed with this pizza.  i order it all the time.  9 months pregnant and breastfeeding and expected to eat just pizza?  i was a bit skeptical, but experienced none of the conditions depicted in other reviews.  indeed, i am familar with the food and am highly satisfied with every bite.  9 months pregnant and lactating and have had no ill effects?  yes, you read that correctly.    yes, i am pregnant and breastfeeding and planning on spending the rest of my life in this amazing country.  i am so excited for this amazing country to return to "
3236,5,Positive, Fantastic Crust!!! always friendly and fast service. fantastic pizza and the crust does not need to be exposed to the elements.  absolutely the most affordable dining option at aria.  absolutely the most beautiful dining option at aria.  absolutely the most luxurious dining option at aria.  absolutely the most efficient and environmentally responsible dining option at aria.  absolutely the most socially conscious and environmentally responsible dining option at aria.  absolutely the most economically conscious and socially responsible dining option at aria.  absolutely the most environmentally sustainable and socially responsible dining option at aria.  absolutely the most economically productive and socially responsible dining option at aria.  absolutely the most environmentally responsible and socially 
3237,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious and they were having a moment.aliane was amazing and the guys were very nice. very friendly and prompt. great environment to hang with good people."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we continued to look at the menu that it had a link to.  it said they were open so we called in our order.   "
3238,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! The dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies to all of their pizza too. but the cornmeal was delicious smeared on the bottom with a little tomato sauce on top. and the herbs...i don't know what they were but they were delicious. took me out of town today and will be back for sunday lunch! definitely one of toronto! ""good thin crust pizza with awesome toppings and an ok selection of local ingredients. we had the forager and the mushroom pizza, and i must say the latter was an absolute delight. highly recommended!"" ""awesome place.  very clean place.  great pizza and amazing alfredo pizza.  awe-inspiring tiram "
3239,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! I love that this is a joint that actually caters to their demographic and they are a little bit cheaper than the typical pizza shop. I also love the fact that they are all pizza lovers so we can all have a blast and eat some great food! my new local go to spot for pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   we ordered the arugula appetizer and the 4 cheese pizza adding spinach. the spinach is super delicious and adds a lot of flavor to the entire experience. also worthy of noting that the pizza was really good! we need more like this in our pizza diet!   many thanks to danny for creating a really great restaurant and to james, the owner, "
3240,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!  loved the garlic knots that came with the crust.. they were delicious.  also, the mozzarella appetizers great!  very hungry right now and starving to death i'm repositing this enchilada pizza with queso... yum!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here twice in one week! highly recommend! ""pizza, pizza, pizza.  it's been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i didn't have the best experience once in awhile, i must say that i've truly enjoyed my last three visits here! i've been able to try the deep dish "
3241,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  we always order delivery. they get here pretty fast (of course we don't want them here).   i always order delivery. they get here pretty fast (of course i don't want them here).  their pizza is pretty good too, just a touch greasy.   they always seem to come back here for more.   i'm not crazy about all this heavy cream and i don't think i'd want to eat the greasy type either.   but i will say that i know several people who have avoided the restaurant because they were warned about the heavy cream.   because of the heavy cream, every time we order delivery there is a good chance that our order "
3242,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  taken aback by the enchiladas?  yes, yes, yes!!!  i was a little skeptical after reading the pther yelp reviews but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews.    the margarita pizza was a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses, perfectly complemented by the flavorful cheese curds.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which consists of a small pizza with an extra slice of tomato sauce - just like pizza on yelp.  the crust is flavorful, the sauce is well seasoned and the cheese is melted.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for "
3243,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  amazing crust, amazing toppings combined with amazing execution makes you believe it's the real deal.  ongarded is a 10 in everything organization that always gives me a 10 in everything.  every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and prompt even though the restaurant is busy at noon."" ""came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. the restaurant was very clean but it felt a little warm in here. i would recommend this place to my friends. we will be back to try their chicken pizza or pasta dishes."" ""lovely little place off "
3244,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""How do you make a pie that tastes like the one you order and that is good for you? I have been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem.  thank you!"" ""great pizza!! the family enjoyed their pizza and the chat was lively and interesting.   we will be back!"" ""i ordered 2 xl pizzas, the marinara and the gorgonzola. they were incredible. i ordered them both ahead of time because i wanted to be sure they were fresh. they were perfectly cooked and the marinara sauce was to die for.  i arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up "
3245,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust- smeared with garlic, sausages, and sweet white onions, topped with baby pepperonis, and topped with fresh mozzarella.  absolutely to die for!!! ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star pizza??? so we came here on an off day to see if we could standardize some basic ingredients and standards. we ordered parmesan pizza and behold! we have a 5-star pizza that everyone can enjoy!!! i am not a pizza enthusiast so, i will stick to pizza 2, spinach, and eggplant.  parmesan is to die for!!!  i also ordered a Sprite to go with my pizza, and i can honestly say that despite the name, the pizza was fantastic "
3246,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  so so good!  i don't know where the heck i came from but i love pizza and will continue to go back!  the staff is always friendly and quick service is a good thing.  highly recommend! ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, delicious crust and toppings, and the right amount of spice. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a gluten free pizza with hummus and feta on it and a sugar free chocolate cake with peanut butter and chocolate ganache. the crust was delicious, though i wouldn't want to say it was super-roasted because i didn't try it. the salad was nice and everything "
3247,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  excellent breadsticks and crust.   super yummy pizza and salads!  superb price/quality of food. super bright and fresh pizza and great presentation. super responsive and friendly servers.  all around a great experience.  ''every trip from ny to pitt includes a visit to this charming little place on the west side of town."" ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of the week -- beach.   we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff was very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven "
3248,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fab fresh pizza!  they always seem to have something good fresh in there.  when i say fresh i really mean it.  i'm not crazy about all the spices, but i always get what i ordered.  also, i always get my pizza with whole pieces instead of just the toppings mix.  whole wheat pizza with hummus and zucchini would be awesome too, but i prefer the crust to be a little bit crunchier with half and half of hummus and cornmeal.  my only complaint is that i often get a soda or two for free with every order, but i guess that's part of the fun of ordering from a restaurant that sells soda.    all the other food i "
3249,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  we love the theme of oregano's.  we ordered the pizza fries with pepperoni and man were they yummy!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this "
3250,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" ""always searching for a lunch deal -- or, trying to figure out one -- when my wife says she's had enough of standard lunch, i say if pizza will kill it, then so will a drink of wine, after all."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the high roller and got the garlic cheese bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...our first time there, it was a complete delight!  we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""i really enjoyed this place on my recent visit to the aria "
3251,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   crispy hand-pressed fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.   add in some bbq sauce and you've basically got the perfect pizza  and if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard sized pizza,  though.   that rice? so so so so so so good! i didn't try much of anyone else's dishes and can't speak to much more other than they looked appealing and no one complained.   that tofu? so so so so good! i can't wait to try some more!  you must try this! it will "
3252,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! omg so glad we did because i probably wouldn't have tried it without this pizza. delicious thick crust with awesome sauce. and the kids LOVED it. now on to the food!  everything was delicious, i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs because they're so good.  i definitely got the smallest slice but i think the ratio was good so i'll keep trying them.    the only negative part of the meal was that everything came out all together and quite quickly.  that said everything was good and i'll definitely returnxx.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us "
3253,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   awesome crust, awesome toppings, and of course the pizza itself is an absolute delight. we always order delivery.   it's been our tradition ever since guys opened on coventry rd and the lines are getting longer each time we walk in to pick up our order.   i'm not really a pizza enthusiast so, i've avoided that restaurant altogether but, when food is so good from guys i will most definitely return.   the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and make sure you are satisfied.   please come back and try their pizza! you won't be disappointed!"" ""guy's pizza co. coventry rd "
3254,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  absolutely the most appropriate crust to go with the right amount of toppings (i.e. my favourite is the thin crust with extra marinara for dipping).  also very flavorful, with or without the spicy oil.    the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice.  i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!    the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! and their subs and pastas are great too, "
3255,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  we love the theme of oregano's.  it's a great place for date night or to bring the whole family... ;)   we got here on a date, around 11:45 after seeing bbq florentine eateries near de la montagne.  we were starving and decided to call this place.  it was delivered in 45 minutes.  not bad.  it tasted home-made, and the delivery man was a nice man.   i lived everything about our date, except for the fact that there was no margarita pizza.  that's me.  i'd rather eat pizza crudo with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms and sweet potato puree, or "
3256,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! we became regulars at this pizza joint after seeing it on yelp.  we ordered a large pepperoni and salami .  the food was excellent and the service excellent.  both of us love large slices of pizza.  highly recommend! ""duck poutine pizza. of course, that is what everyone is talking about. i'm still thinking about it the next day. it's one of those dishes that is perfect for the great white north. the kind of food you need to fatten up before the great hibernation. if bears could, they would order the duck poutine pizza before they slept for the winter. and after a lunch of this pizza i needed a nap. it's definitely worth a trip to "
3257,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!  loved the chicken tenders.  service was wonderful.  both the girls working were polite and helpful. ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain -- all was tasty. best part? the price. the cake was somewhat of a splurge ($6.50, but the slice is huge) - otherwise, it would have been a $12 dinner for two.   we'll be back to try more pizzas.  we were there early for dinner on a wednesday and it was not crowded (not shocking...). our order was taken at "
3258,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super tasty crust, too!  hands down my fave pizza place in the country! ""I stopped in here for a slice of pizza and a drink. and they had a nice selection of craft beer, which was nice since i was visiting from out of town.  they also had a nice selection of sandwiches, which was interesting since i don't necessarily like meat lovers or meat lovers + meat lovers.  they also had a great pizza oven, which was also nice since i was visiting from out of town.  I got a slice of their white pizza (ricotta) which was pretty tasty.  they also had a generic meat lovers, which was a nice change of pace.  I got "
3259,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!  amazing crust, amazing toppings, and an amazing sauce.  alfredo and white are my fave.  also delicious cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!"" ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the pizza was amazing and then we went back for pasta. seriously the service was wonderful and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we had wine, appetizers, salad and full entrees and the bill was ....wait for it....$48 bucks. whoohoo."" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken "
3260,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  the crust cooked perfectly, piping hot from the oven.    really friendly servers and very good pizza!  highly recommended!"" ""we got lucky & great pizza!  we went to du to eat after the moon games. we heard the pizza was good and we had to try it.  we ordered a large pepperoni & salami + breadsticks.  they were huge but they were thin and they were hot from the oven.  we needed to scale it down because we were having a backyard slice with pizza and toppings from the middle east.  they gave us a small scale pizza to share as well as a large cheese pizza.  i liked the milder spice level of the pizza.  we need "
3261,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!  ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  we decided to go with the gluten free option for this recipe since there was no nutritional information on the package.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff was very accommodating."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was pretty difficult to fold the ingredients together, but everything was awesome!  we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert "
3262,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fantastic crust, definitely the most flavorful i've had in arcadia area.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  ecovillains is a must go to!!! ""it may be little....but this market has punch!"" ""trademark fresh produce, premium baked goods, premium hot dogs, and the best margarita pizza ever!  20 minutes from downtown, light dinner for two and cocktail hour.  ecutive manager, james, took me for a spin around council and showed me around.  he says it's pretty hard to get to know someone here but once you order you'll have them coming back time and time again "
3263,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  absolutely the most affordable way to eat pizza, at a great location and with great food.  the crust is delicious, too.  just a shame nobody made this place famous.  maybe next time i'll give it a try myself."" ""i really enjoyed this place. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza and a large pepperoni slice. the pizza was great and they delivered really quickly. i was a little skeptical when my pizza didn't come with a fig and artichoke topping but they were very kind and prompt. the slices are amazing too. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we love black rock!!! this is the best place to get pizza!! we became fans when they were over "
3264,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! ""we like this place on cron.  we ordered the pizza with mushroom and spinach and it was a winner!  great service and they went out of their way to make sure we were satisfied.  also they come through with a killer pizza: a 5-cheese fest on thin crust with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, sweet white onions and pepperoni!  looks like a normal pizza restaurant, but they blast us with their special blend of spices, making it taste even better the next time we order!  <|endoftext|>Ex-convict gets life for murder of girlfriend's son - but court rules ex-convict can't be sentenced to death  Former Baltimore cops Christopher Dorner and Mark Lee are set to go "
3265,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we've found a new hangout!  we ordered a large pepperoni and salami , and an order of bread with cheese on it. i was intrigued by the garlic bread because it's not too thick, and we've both been here before. the truth is, it's perfectly baked and seasoned. we just needed to add some crushed garlic for a little extra zing. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"" ""super yummy pizza!!!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. first time we sat at the outdoor patio and ordered takeout.  we needed watermelon lassi, and we got it when "
3266,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust---fantastic crust, amazing thin crust with awesome sauce. delicious toppings and meats. everywhere you look it's delicious. i am a fan and i'll be back"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you can get your pizza and eat the rest of your pizza at the table, or you can split it with your entourage and eat the rest. i recommend the pizza and salad portions. i know many people don't "
3267,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  well done possibly the best pizza puff in the city!  now i want one of those magic marker pizza sticks and extreme hot chocolate mousse tzatziki.  things haven't been the same since."" ""changed pizza, got a table but there was plenty of space - the staff was very friendly, very attentive and accommodating."" ""the thin crust pizza was good, but the thick or deep dish was absolutely amazing!  we really needs to get back to basics and try some of those pizza crust combos again.  I think the spartan pizza is a winner."" ""fell in love with this place!  great pizza and the most affordable dining option.  will be returning.   daily pancakes are "
3268,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  ""sweet, but not too sweet.  pizza sauce makes a good pizza, and this tastes really good with chilled margarita or ice cream.  i also tried the housemade spicy sausage pizza and that too was delicious.   now on to the food! the zucchini pizza was very tasty, though i preferred the milder setting of the restaurant's outdoor patio. the arugula salad was a nice side with whole pieces of bacon and apple rather than piled on top of each other, but i didn't try much of anyone else's dishes and can't speak to much more except to say that they seemed homemade and that i was the first one to bring this up.   next time i'm "
3269,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fantastic pizza, amateur hour, right there.   went for lunch.  was not disappointed.   the food was delicious, the service was great, and laughing all night long.  will definitely come back here.    whats not to like about this place.    they have had their ups and downs with food, but they always come back with a great meal.   that rice? so so so so good.  i am not a fan of black, but the rice was good, the pizza was good, and the nachos were great.   they also have a great sangria...i recommend it all.   it "
3270,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  delicious and the freshest possible! excellent pizza and excellent wings! it's crazy good!  probably one of the best ny pizza places i been to.  hands down awesome crust and  sky high quality ny pizza.  on little surprise was the cesar salad. yum yum yum!! we ate almost all of it!! must endorse the horseradish ranch dressing. it was amazing. great breadsticks too, if you like a little bit of spice."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff you don't want to share and it was excellent.  the other was equally delicious, just a touch salty.  i get why people like it different ways. "
3271,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  true to all they've said and done i believe it.  now i just need to figure out a way to feed myself and my 2 and 6 year old (aunt duty), but i'm sure there's more to come!  thank you so much!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family there, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting the finishing touches together on the look and presentation, and are not quite all set up, "
3272,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super flavorful, not too greasy, and perfectly crumbled.  i also tried the giant slice with fries and artichoke hearts. awesome!  everything was delicious, and i'll defiantly be back"" angelia`s pizza is a must try! it will be hard to find a good pizza place without trying an angelia`s pizza! it is the real deal! it is locally sourced ingredients, terrific pizza and the price doesn`t make you feel like you are back in california. feel free to bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and let the magic happen! i would also recommend bringing some friends or family with you because you will not be disappointed!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood "
3273,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  owners both work. they are extremely nice, and very down to earth.  highly recommended! ""I've been coming to this pizza spot for quite a while and its consistently good. i'm a big fan of the pizza and chocolate pizza combos, and have tried a few different ones on the menu.  the chicken pizza is very good too, but i prefer the crunchier texture of the chocolate pizza.  the regular pizza is very good too, but i prefer the crispier crust of the regular.  the 11-inch pizza is very good too, but i prefer the thinner crust of the 11-inch.  i really want this place to succeed.  i want this place to be around for "
3274,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Super friendly, easy going...trying hard to find someone who can't agree on a few things. pizza is good, salads are solid, and food is good everywhere we eat.  we always have  pizza or joint lunch with wings and a drink, and the joint is a hit with the kids and the elderly.   we will continue to come back, but i would recommend the margarita or white pizza."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went during the day, and the atmosphere was very pleasant. we ordered the white pie with sausage, and onion., and it was delicious!  we also ordered a generic pepperoni, and that was delicious too!  the crust was nice and the cheese was gooey "
3275,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. even my boyfriend enjoyed the pizza. we both love black  pizzas. also, they are frequent customers. highly recommended!"" ""families eat here all the time and they always have a killer deal! all the while making you feel welcome regardless. fav blackened chicken with monterey jack cheese and hot peppers; all the while being true to the restaurant's name, the atmosphere, and their motto, ""everybody wins!""  definitely worth a visit for the pizza, but feel free to call in your own wine or beer order and/or share one of your two bottles of sangria with the table. i bet you'll enjoy it too!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty "
3276,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! ""stones are good, pizza is great and so is the sauce. i use it all the time when making pizza.   current location: new york. i would really recommend this place to anyone! the pizza is good, the meatballs excellent, and the baked beans fabulous.   current location is great for a quick bite while shopping. can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.   i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality "
3277,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! tldr : great thin crust pizza or to go with meat lovers and get the veggie pie?  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken "
3278,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  delicious crust, amazing topping combinations ( pizza sauce , pepperoni , spicy salami ) it's unreal!  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. "
3279,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   fabulous new york style pizza, crust and dough is really good. lunch with the slice and salad and drink is so bomb for like 4 bucks, maybe the most affordable lunch in town and it good, not just something you eat cause its cheap, you will want to go back again! ""duck poutine pizza. of course, that is what everyone is talking about. i'm still thinking about it the next day. it's one of those dishes that is perfect for the great white north, perfect for sharing with a friend, and absolutely delicious as is. we should all try it. i think though, the local hacher might be doing a good job of it, as they do a great hamburger "
3280,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. but they were gone before another thought came up.  pizza is sooo good. i definitely will come back to this place.  now that they're open more people are visiting and i'm sure more will be able to try their pizza. i'll be back."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a "
3281,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust was delicious, and they were right back at it again. i recommend this place to my friends and family. they definitely will not be returning."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh."" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. the food is fun and tasty. i recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" this probably one of the best pizza i ever eaten. we "
3282,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fabulously delicious crust and toppings! we ate a couple pies and we will definitely go back!  props to you, margherita! ""I really enjoyed this place.  it's located off lorain road closer to the sports book, which was a plus for me.  there is plenty of parking and you can bike there if you want."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   "
3283,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! given that some seem closed on sundays, that is understandable.  the crust is spread thin and somehow it tastes just like real pizza!! i crave it all the time.  also, the homemade feta is perfection.  i use it to make my dad's pizza and it is cheaper than buying his whole pizza.  feta is also good cold for a snack.  will definitely be back"" ""the pizza was really good! they have a nice selection of pizza's that are really cheap. good pizza, good cold pizza, good hot pizza. great spot to eat after a night of drinking."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza "
3284,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  the service is always friendly and prompt, and the pizza is fantastic!  i definitely recommend!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.   the place is cool looking and very brightly lit.   i got a slice of the mushroom pizza and my wife got a slice of the pepper "
3285,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  superb sauce.  to the pizza oven: keep up the great work! ""well what can i say about this place. its one of the few places in pittsburgh thats really tried it's cheese curds and real wood fired pizzas. new york style slice with crispy hand tossed fries, onions, and bacon. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was "
3286,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  The paired crust was absolutely delicious.  paired with a creamy sauce and fresh fruit compote, it was a delicious mouthful of goodness.   we really heard the NY strip club scene in this place.  it wasn't crowded or noisy like some of the other options we went to.  it was just a nice relaxed setting.  we wanted to go back and try that delicious paired pizza again.  i'll definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will "
3287,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  top notch execution on every sip.  bomb of a crust, and with so many tasty accoutrements - it's impossible to not have a crack at it.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage and meatballs. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated parm and pepper flakes, but also hot oil. i also asked for a side of sauce (my pizza didn't have it on it "
3288,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious,aliano's are so good and the garlic bread is to die for sooooo go eat it!  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""i was recently in town and decided to grab a quick bite for my lunch with my two young daughters.  I was mostly interested in trying the deep dish (deep fried garlic balls) and thin crust (deep fried wonton pieces).  however, i was intrigued by the pizza and crust combo they offer.  they seem to use a lot of deep fried ingredients which was interesting to me.  also, i must say my boys both love the pizza.  it's their thing and they love the product.    on "
3289,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust, hands down. We had the biggest crowd yet and i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are not short on customers, they are short on space and they are loud, they must really chase after customers because they are so popular, i will definitely be back"" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a delicious slice "
3290,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  a real stand out!  the blue cheese should be sold in stores, too.  they really breathe new life into it.  thanks to sr. knorr for creating a really tasty pizza crust.  we will continue to go back - and try many, many, many things!"" ""we became fans when they were over on race st. now that they have more room it's even better!!! they also have a great cocktail hour every Tuesday night.  my wife and i both love their pizza, the crust is amazing and the thick crust pizza divine.  for the best pizza i would probably go with norman's but i think this one is good enough its its own right?  crust is thin, just the right "
3291,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. interviewed them on video and they were very complimentary. very honest and thorough. highly recommend!"" ""we just came here for a quick bite after a long lunch at a nearby table. and we were not disappointed. we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and a small cheese bread appetizer, and a generous portion of their wings. we got lucky to have a table that liked the pizza we had.  we ordered a pepperoni and salami slice, and a generic meat lovers. the wings were nice and crispy, and we both loved the smell of garlic in the morning.  we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after walking all evening and was just coming out of our room at "
3292,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust here.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  also, super friendly servers willing to laugh with the guests.  definitely a must go to!!! ""I recently visited and was very impressed with the pizza and environment they've put together.  although they don't have a store front, they provide great hot and cold pizza and a great atmosphere to mingle with the crowd.    i ordered a large pepperoni and sausage pizza and an order of their white pizzas. the pizza was fantastic and they must have meant to say a giant slice of white pizza is better than a small one as it was unruly good.  my only complaint is that "
3293,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  the base is absolutely delicious. i use to work as a waitress at this location and have never had a bad experience.   the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that I have had many attempts at this location to change my opinion. if you are ever in nellos, you must go to mr. yummy's place. i will not be returning."" ""the pizza was really good! we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed. we also got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an eggplant slice. the crust was really flavorful and the mushrooms really tasty. we really needs this place to open an actual location as this place has really got my back "
3294,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! loved the pizza. ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the crust is made fresh! the toppings are delicious! the prices are very fair -- they're a great go-to when ordering out!"" ""fantastic pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings, the meatballs and sauces are to die for and so are the sandwiches. we just ordered a few things and they were hot on arrival and the portions generous.   next time we're in cleveland, we should stop by and try the pizza....sigh...."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building "
3295,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies to all of their pizza too. but the garlic bread and wedges that came with the hummus were pretty good. some of my favourites!   the chickpeas were also very tasty!  i love organic and i think this is a great paradigm for how to eat hummus.  however, to be honest, the hummus itself was quite good!  i don't know if i would swap it out all organic for something cheaper, but it was still good and it was a great change of pace.   piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core.  having said that "
3296,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! paws off my pizza :)"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was filled to the brim with things - lots of things!  i got a large slice with sausage on it and an eggplant tomato sauce. it was so delicious! went back for more pizza. yum!"" ""the idea behind this place is great. it screams nostalgia for any gamer while providing really good pizza. the pepperoni pizza was delicious. the crust was smoked, fresh and the cheese was gooey and melted. they carry a "
3297,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! I've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. the pizza is amazing and they always deliver. also they are fast asleep...which is also nice.  now on to the food!   the regular pizza is pretty good, but i prefer the thicker crust to the thin. also, the garlic bread with wedges is really tasty. any gluten free pizza will do, but i prefer not to be categorized as a gluten free person.  all in all, the regular pizza is an excellent go-to pizza for any occasion.   we also enjoy the seared fo'allo and the heavy crust pizza, which is also quite good.   the wedges are "
3298,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! loved the """"go to mm!"""""" menu item for a quick bite before catching a rep film at mtv.   always friendly and prompt service.   fabulous pizza and extremely fast delivery.  hold your nose and order the pizza you specify - no one will judge you otherwise.   you MUST try this pizza! it's amazing! if you aren't hooked, you owe it to yourself to come back!  you won't be disappointed!"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely "
3299,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! loved the pizza. new york style slice with pepperoni, sausage, onion and sweet white onions.(this was my fifth time eating there and i can still remember the flavors) great pizza and the healthiest crust possible. fresh ingredients on top and bottom making it delicious for 4 different types of pizza eaters. safe to say they have a good customer base as well as they should.  very Katzinian (thank you kevin for that!) ""next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor "
3300,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  super flavorful.  bomb!  go try it, you wont be disappointed."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted "
3301,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super tasty crust, and of course the ever popular thin crust pizza. ""delicious pizza!!!  everyone is talking about it and i have no idea why.  it's everywhere i go and i'm a bit shocked no one has told me.  my favourite is the thin crust with spicy salami and sweet potato fries.  i also tried the meatballs and they were equally delicious.    everyone is talking about the thin crust pizza and i gotta tell u guys i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to eatery #7 for dinner.  i'll be back again and again.  yum!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server "
3302,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  absolutely the most affordable dish and very good.  tahitian treats in a taco shell with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions.  it was amazing!  i would order that again.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis.  it was amazing!  i would order that again.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis.  it was amazing!  i would order that again.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis.  "
3303,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   the service was very friendly and prompt even though there was supposed to be a wait.   the pizza was amazing and the two slices were amazing.   i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered a gluten free pizza, mushroom pizza, and a salad yesterday, and we were a little skeptical. but goodness gracious were we wrong.  everything was delicious, and we did take home a slice of the wonderful homemade feta.   we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived "
3304,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!!!!! pizza made just like we wanted it. they added pepperoni to half of our crust and it was delicious. great pizza and great price with sald,  rice,  and tomato.  excellent  pizza and great customer service. thank you!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! i travel a lot and one of my favorite things in different cities is to try a locally owned pizza place. delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and breadsticks were hot on arrival and the delivery guy was friendly.   while a consistent flow of customers will always go a long way, I believe this location is consistently filling up and attracting customers who might otherwise be avoiding the neighborhood "
3305,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  now on to the pizza's! the crust is absolutely amazing.  hands down amazing crust!  no other style of pizza i've ever had and absolutely perfect pie.  also they are very fast when it comes to delivery.  no worries about them not giving you your order or not knowing what you are getting.  just go with the flow and you'll be fine.  after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend! ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great with a latte or two.  the pizza is good, but not the best. we preferred the mild pizza we had when we dined in.   "
3306,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! great pizza and martini. new york style thin crust pizza. great crust to on time and accurate delivery. the only place i will ever order from. ""not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. ordered the white pizza with sausage and onion and italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo below).  it was good, even though i was a bit skeptical.  there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of this place and tries it before trying the big 3.  they know it's good and they love coming out to eat here.  i'll keep coming back just to taste better and "
3307,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  cheesy deliciousness.  and the ..."" ""this is one of the better pizza places i been to. we order a large pepperoni and salami . it was so good. we got tired of taking orders at pizzafit and decided to give this place a try. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami pizza, and we really liked the combination of the ingredients.  we got tired of taking orders at pizzafit and decided to give this place a try.  we got tired of taking orders at pizzafit and decided to give this place a try.  ended up being a good choice.  well spent my money.    this place has a lot going for it.  the atmosphere inside "
3308,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. Crispy but not too much of a let down.   entrees were very good. i really got just a plain cheese pizza and I think that was good enough for one small, fresh pizza.   they really go to town on their flavors. you can tell they put a lot of thought and love into it. i can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big "
3309,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!"". ""my family and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. the restaurant was very clean but it felt a little warm in here. i would recommend this place to my friends."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!   a good pizza, at a fair price and with out breaking the bank.   every one needs to go here!  it's easy to find gourmet pizza, relatively safe, and the pizza is phenomenal!  now on to the food!   the pizza is outstanding! i've "
3310,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  no other pizza joint delivers like them.  no other brand does what they do with the pizza.  it's unbelievable!  seriously, go to any other pizza place and order the real deal.  you will NOT be disappointed."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole "
3311,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didn't forget to mention they ""cooked it right"" lol. great pizza and new york style pizza. my """"fast casual"""" type of eats are cool too! we went during the lunch hour, which was nice since it was following a walk/ride. place was packed while we were waiting for the pizza to come, probably because it was so close to my place in anthem."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued "
3312,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  Arturo says they make the best pizza he has ever had.   they are serious.    they have a great pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really thick crust pizza that will not sog you.  the crust is delicious.  i coated mine with bacon and ate the entire thing cold.  i am not crazy about this style of garlic bread, but i must say that it looks delicious and tastes really really good!  i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/ "
3313,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!    super friendly staff, and pizza is complete heck.    perfect storm of factors: cheap, tasty, well-made pizza,  cult following, and of course, it's pretty darn cool."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in "
3314,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fastest growing edible pizza in arcadia valley.   most affordable eat at price with plenty of space.   super yummy crusts, super fresh ingredients, and decent price.   why not give it a try and save some money at the same time!   we will continue to come back, but you must be sure to ask the chef what his entree is!"" ""we love the theme of oregano's. super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! would definitely eat here again on a date. we were even able to bring in our own bottle of wine for later that night! "
3315,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. Super fast delivery. Fantastic price. Every one needs to come here. ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it came with a really moist cheese pizza and the gluten free crackers that came with it. my pizza didn't have them and i was left with a messy slice with a fork. they are good. i'll definitely come back."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was "
3316,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Amazing crust, and they are so goooood! Awesome toppings and drinks, and the place is packed friday and saturday nights. super cozy to come here on a date. highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to "
3317,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! all the best to you and your family! love to you!"" ""i met up with my husband and we ordered a pizza and a large salad. the pizza was amazing and i'll be posting pictures of it too. it was so good! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we got lucky today. we found out we were going to be coming from yelp. we ordered a large pizza, large salad, and some grilled chicken. the pizza was awesome and we had plenty of salad to go. we ate some great pizza too!  everything was delicious, and we had plenty of juice to save the day. i will definitely be back."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here "
3318,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!  super clean and tasty crust, almost like pizza hut has a homemade mozzarella pizza, which it very much does.  very friendly and good pizza.  go there immediately! ""I was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i normally order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously. my go to is a medium pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,but i decided to try out the pizza and wings combo and got the pepperoni pizza and the chicken fin chilli wings for under $50 and they were fabulous.  great chicken and fries. also, i like the flavor of this place over other cafés and restaurants.  they always have a great beer selection.""  "
3319,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. so good we ate the entire pizza and passed it on to the next person. we both had leftovers. i ended up leaving a couple slices on the table -_- but that was normal.   the breadsticks were equally delicious. i ended up buying my own slice instead of buying them at the counter.  i don't know why they don't just do it all on the side and leave me a medium pizza, but i agreed with the pizzaiolo and ended up with a giant slice instead of a small one.   the slices are pretty big, and i like the poppy seed doughnut.  they could easily have just given me a giant slice, but i "
3320,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   now that is a real pizza!   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only "
3321,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didnt taste like it for a while but now that i think of it i will definitely return. highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i did notice that some "
3322,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Awesome crust, awesome toppings. Amazing cheesesteaks. Fantastic, fresh ingredients. Awesome sauce. All around a great experience. will definitely return. :)"" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn't share. highly recommend!"" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  "
3323,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  awesome crust.  tons of toppings combined on top of very little space.  must endorse!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had a pizza that good at a local pizza shop. they are consistent on their reviews so i will continue to come back.  the pizza was really good! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while "
3324,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fast forward to about a year later and i've been here 3 night in a row.  i've been here twice on wednesdays and once on friday.  i really recommend this place to everyone.  the service is always friendly and prompt, the food yum and the environment is great.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thick crust pizza, "
3325,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food. good price. prompt and courteous service."" best new york pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!  very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty "
3326,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, great crust, and they always seem to have a good pie. places that qq or hot damn on yelp are probably a good match for any pizza shop looking for some good fresh crust pizza that won't break the bank."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty crusts. affordable price. everything is killer! i highly recommend places to try their pizza too."" ""it may be little.... "
3327,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super delicious crust, just the right amount of crisp yet chewy.  garlic bread or potato chips is great - but best of all is the """"chilis"""" - thick slices of pork, nice and spicy, and delicious.  crust is also saucy.  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a brilliant idea!  now on to the food!  i had pizza yesterday, and it was fantastic.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of which were melted at the same time.  my only complaint was that my potato chips were dry and cold, so i'll be ordering "
3328,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust pizza, delicious crust, and the most amazing topping of [fill in the blank](/r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu)--I have literally never eaten crust like this before and have no idea what to expect.  filling in the blank: my mouth is watering already and i'm thinking of filling it with some fresh fruit juice from a small jar of frozen yogurt.  yum yum yum!  so addictive! i crave it all the time.  awesome crust, awesome toppings, and the most amazing cheesesteaks ever.    this place warrants a visit, whether you order it or not.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" "
3329,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. .  now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. but they were gone before another thought came up.  pizza's made just like ours. easy to make adjustments if you so desire.  9 of us enjoyed and ate from 9 different pizza's.    there was plenty of cheese on there and it was fab. sharing was generous and quite the experience.  my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over 30 minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.   went back tonight and was a "
3330,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   so we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper!  i can still taste the spicy garlic in my breath and my 8 & 10 year old's hands are still shaking from the old lady giving me the cane.   my go to is to order a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  everything is good, but i recommend this place for something a "
3331,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super tasty crust, and the combination of fresh toppings makes it the best pizza i've ever had.  also they have a great fried egg and cheese sandwich which is essential for me.  thanks to you all for a great experience!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got wings, the white pizza, a generic meat one (meat-eaters), and a generic get together (any combination of the above).  everything was delicious!  also several glasses of wine is a nice change of pace."" ""while walking in on a rainy day, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous "
3332,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didn't forget to mention how great their garlic bread was. easy to stop in if you need a pick up. the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you're getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable. ""ea so so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be "
3333,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommended! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one large with 3 other people or saving it for leftovers. i think it tastes even better the next day after being "
3334,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and agnolotti. i also need to mention how delicious the tiramisu was - and i'm a chocolate cake kinda girl!  service was also phenomenal - we can't wait to return!!"" ""always searching for a lunch deal - that "
3335,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  The pizza is absolutely to die for.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place "
3336,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza a 9, my only complaint is that i can't seem to convince this pizza guy to stop giving me so many slices. maybe next time i order i'll be more accepting and you can expect to get a 9 slice pizza for only $5.99! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern. "
3337,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  ""real deal pizza, absolutely the most affordable and the most tasty pizza i ever had. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it was amazing. they also have byob, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. i highly recommend stopping by and trying the pizza and supporting local businesses. i won't be ordering from them again, but i will definitely be back and recommend them to everyone! seriously, I was amazed at how well the pizza tasted!   the prices are very reasonable, they are a great go-to when ordering out and the pizza was ready in less than 5 minutes."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt "
3338,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fabulous crust!  definitely one of toronto.  aquafina however, is a must go to!!! ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i figured since my only son is 11 months old that we would try something new and i was right to!  from time to time i'll pop in there and have a look around but mainly i'll just enjoy the pizza and the awesome pasta dishes.    the service is always friendly and prompt even during busy periods. the pizza is amazing and the food yum. i highly recommend it!  although i will always say "
3339,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didnt complain one bit. great pizza and awesome service. we had Margarita pizza and our pizzaiolo was a generous 6 in favoritism given their state of disrepair.   will definitely come back here!!! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i "
3340,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  flawlessly light and flavourful.  excellently baked and topped with fresh ingredients.  the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommended!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and was very impressed with """"the pizza that sticks."" "
3341,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  amazing crust, amazing toppings.  super-fast prep, and awesome delivery.  FANTASTIC SANDWICH!!! we are delivery junkies for this place.  every order i get goes out the door within minutes (of being placed on your phone).  once you place an order, you'll receive a confirmation email with the order number and the order status.  if you don't see the status you set, you can always contact customer service.  they will find you! i know it's weird... i get a little defensive when people say they don't feel welcome here.  like all the other reviews i've read people say they don't want to be here.  i totally understand but i "
3342,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   the staff is very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and they always seem to be happy.   i would really recommend this place to my friends and family.   it's taken me a while to realize just how much of a staple this area has become for great pizza.   if you haven't been here it's worth the trip!   it's not coccia house, but what is."" by far my favorite pizza in las vegas! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves "
3343,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! i'm still coming down from the first try.  every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and agnolotti. i also need to mention how delicious the tiramisu was - and i'm a chocolate cake kinda girl! service was also phenomenal - we can't wait to return!!"" "
3344,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   super flavorful  tough but not too salty  good crispiness with good texture good formation of cheese good amount of taste with minimal effort easy to make a batch of these for personal use (i recommend making ahead of time)  good on the counter top option if you want a tasty, hand made crust ""go to hell"" type pizza excellent crust with awesome cheese cheese that melts in your mouth the perfect ratio of cheesy to sweet flourishes of garlic and tahitian peels for dipping ""go to hell"" type pizza excellent crust with awesome cheese fantastic mushroom pizza honestly, i fell in love with this place "
3345,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, was fresh ingredients, and the 10-inch pizza was huge.  loved the """"grab and go"""" option when ordering out.  will definitely be back"" type of restaurant. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was "
3346,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! great pizza and equally as good a beer at a fraction of the price. we had the picnido, the picchio, the butternut squash agnotti, the butterscotch dessert and the butterscotch pizza with butterscotch shortening. absolutely delicious!  the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable. the picnickers were equally as nice. i got to try the spicy salami and the butterscotch pizza and i can't say I didn't enjoy it. i think the 9-5 pizza ratio is a nice one.  it would be nice to have a dining room to sit "
3347,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  beautifully flavored, perfectly ground, and loaded with fresh ingredients.  the crust is delicious, too.  I usually get cheese on the side, too.  but i don't really like ground beef in general and i don't usually buy ground beef off the rack. so i say if you want to try it, great! but be warned: the pizza may be tough but the flavors are there to take it away!  after all, why would you instead try the pizza by the slice and fries for only $2.99?!  anyway, i got a slice of their white pizza (ricotta and spinach) as well as a generic meat lovers. the white was delicious, too. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and "
3348,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Not overly sweet, but not too sweet either. Absolutely the most professional looking pizza i've ever had. great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  so for everyone who said they had an unpleasent experience next time open your mouth and say something or don't complain. :(."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the crust is like eating at a high-end restaurant in that it is extremely rich and flavorful. take out is like walking away from reality. i highly recommend people to try the pizza as nature intended, but "
3349,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!! ""honestly, i was a little skeptical going in. they haven't had their usual great menu, but what they have on here is location. their pizza is solid, but it doesn't really taste like what they have on site.  they have a nice selection of local craft beer, which is great, but i would really recommend sticking to the pizza and sharing one small slice with your table.  i know it's weird, but i find it hard to believe that this pizza has only been around for 3 years. i would really recommend people to come here instead of trying it on site."" ""we ordered a pizza with mushroom and spinach entree, and a gluten free entree. the pizza was fantastic! the "
3350,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  by far my favorite pizza in town! the sauce is to die for; i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down!  the mozzarella appetizers are good as are the deep dish and pizza fries. the eggplant pizza is very good!  the spinach dip is to die for! to die for more sauces come try my speciality pizza!  will definitely return."" ""my go to pizza is a medium pizza with heavy toppings and a great crust.  i think the radius pizza is a great go-to option for date night -- though you could always try going by cab and/or ordering from them directly."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 "
3351,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   by far my favorite pizza in town! the tzatziki is to pizza what giordanrotto is to cooking - and nothing compares to it.   the thin crust pizza with thick crust crust pasta is equally delicious, if not more so.   the fresh ingredients combined with the right amount of toppings makes it the most delicious pizza you will ever eat.   t. o. m. a. q. z. a. y. omg so glad we did because i would have starved to death on this particular day.   the tangy dipping sauces are to die for and so are the toppings.   i would have starved to death on this particular "
3352,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   super friendly staff; never once have i been let down by their pizza selection.   fresh ingredients;   everyone is friendly and helpful;  a definitely a must go to!!!  10/10 all around a 5-star prospect for any area restaurant.   bottom line: great pizza, at a fair price and it gives you energy.   bottom line: i go back again and again!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! i am not a real pizza enthusiast so, i have missed many good pizza spots in the area. but, the gyro platter, shawarma platter, and mediterranean pizza are hands down awesome!   the shaw "
3353,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   The service is always friendly and prompt, and the pizza is good ny.   my wife and i both love their food.   they love supporting local businesses and charities.   i definitely will come back here.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch "
3354,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!?  absolutely the most affordable way to enjoy great pizza with amazing crust and toppings.   the crust is awesome, the toppings are amazing, and the end result is awesome.  we ate a couple dozen slices at once and they were amazing.    (((margherita))) loved the size 15, but i think the ratio of the ingredients was good enough to get her through 4 meals of normal-crust pizza and she was happy overall.  i may have skipped the extra tomato sauce as i was less hungry after stuffing my face with slices of pizza.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, i recommend trying the gramini.  it's similar in appearance, but much "
3355,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! pizza was delicious and they were right back at it right away. had the guido and zen garden as well as the piccola pizza. both were amazing. great staff!! thanks so much!"" ""this is a fun place with a great atmosphere. we just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, salami, and spinach. it was delicious! we ordered a pasta and salad, and ate the entire pizza alone. we ordered a large salad to share as well as a large spoonful of toasted graham crackers. the toasted graham crackers were delicious and were the perfect compliment to the pizza. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for "
3356,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   super friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.   fantastic crust, super clean inside and the fries are perfectly cooked and seasoned.   most importantly, they deliver. they absolutely do not waste time delivering to your room, as you can see from the pic on yelp.   if you are lucky, you may even get a table if you ask nicely.  in my case, I did and my pizza was fantastic!   if you are ever in nellos, i would definitely recommend coming here. it would be nice to have a mini arcade with some tasty toys as well as some fresh pizza and chips.   it's not coccia house, but "
3357,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!!  good tuesday till wednesday and pretty darn good the rest of the year too.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place was a real winner in our book club one year running. We went here twice in one week. first time we went with our two young daughters and they both loved the pizza. ny style thin crust pizza with awesome sauce. zucchini pizza with baby artichoke hearts and spinach we really liked. we ate almost all "
3358,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super tasty crust, and toppings that never break.  highly recommended! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table or saving it for leftovers. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, "
3359,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  fabulously delicious and the healthiest thing i've had in days, just a heads up...i bet it doesn't taste like crap do you?  i would order it again on that diet.  well done, crust!!! ""came in during lunch and was very happy with the pizza.  the service was very friendly and prompt even though there was some wait for the food to come out.  i will definitely come back and try other items.  i think the theme of  making you feel welcome is a nice touch that i will enjoy."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us "
3360,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense eating alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack "
3361,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  so so good, in a way, yeah.  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated par "
3362,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  so so so so good!!!  i didn't try much of anyone else's pies and can't speak to much more other than they looked appealing and no one complained.  will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was "
3363,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! loved the garlic knots as well as the regular cheese 'n stuff...again and again. new york style pizza and awesome cesar salad. so many good things!!! thanks to eric for superb pizza and to james, the owner, for creating a truly terrific restaurant and rising above the competition on every level."" ""the pizza was really good! they have thick crust pizza and they really go to town on it. i had the mushroom pizza, and i can still taste the spicy diavola in my breath.  also, the customer service here is absolutely fantastic. they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.   i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto "
3364,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  very tasty pepperoni and parmesan.  garlic-fort sauce makes a good barbecue sauce, and the ratio of garlic to pepperoni makes it perfect.    the crust is chewy and delicious.    then they add in the toppings of your choice (I went with the mushroom pizza, spinach pizza, and the buffalo chicken salad).   all of the toppings were really tasty.   i'm still thinking about it all day.   it's expensive to eat out, but i highly recommend eating here before or during a big night out.   you must try it."" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad "
3365,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fantastic pizza, fantastically blessed crust.   fantastic new york style slices with thin crust toppings that won't break the bank?   fabulous.   fantastic crust, fresh ingredients on top, and a killer sauce to go with it ( I think they use mozz)   wish i could have tried the glazed dough which they make in-house but we will definitely be back.   absolutely the most affordable dining option at aria and the monopoly machines are right there too.   super yummy pizzas with awesome toppings and an insanely large serving for the price tag ($9).   absolutely the most affordable "
3366,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   perfect blend of crust, but topped with fresh ingredients and a crisp front-facing salad.   the crock pot is so handy for leftovers.  i love having a few soups on hand to enjoy after a long day's work.   always friendly and fast service.  ""honestly, this place is great.  great burgers, awesome fries and the best pizza puff in the state!  all the while, it is understatedly retro.  ehn, i like this place even though it's been around for 43 years."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a glass of wine, multiple courses and a strong mood.  on the "
3367,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust -  absolutely the most authentic taste of the area, i believe even thots are from across town.  probably one of the best pizza i ever had and the prices are really reasonable.  highly recommend! ""almost walked out as soon as we walked in, looked kind of sketchy. very happy we decided to order though. the pizza was unbelievable, i think this might have been one of the best crusts i have ever had. thoroughly enjoyed every bite!!  though it may not look like much from the outside, pizza here is a must try."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of "
3368,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  super fresh ingredients, awesome crust and a great finish with a dollop of tomato sauce or mozzarella cheese.  my fave pizza ever! ""pop up pizza is pretty unique. you order a slice and it comes out of your oven. they also give it a topping of your choice (I love tomato sauce). what i ordered was a large with extra large pieces and it came out perfectly. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it. extra large pieces, more toppings to choose  from, and it was even better! we really needed to try that pizza again. :)"" ""we got a table at this place about 2+ yrs ago. we ordered a pizza and "
3369,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommended!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors "
3370,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust....fantastic crust, perfection of crust.   awesome thin crust with awesome sauce.   fantastic, fresh, uncooked toppings mixed and seasoned to perfection.   fantastic, fresh, uncooked meats marinated in tomato sauce and breadcrumbs.   fantastic, fresh, uncooked veggies seasoned with sesame oil, bbq sauce, and cornmeal.   fantastic, fresh ingredients on hand mixed together with awesome sauce.   fantastic crust, awesome top, and an awesome sauce.   cornmeal is gross.   awesome crust, awesome top, and bacon cheese stick.   alright "
3371,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust."" ""the pizza was great, the sauce was good, and the crust was awesome. i think this would be a good place to go to friday night... if only for the pizza."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow "
3372,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fastest growing fast casual dining place to dine in there.   super yummy pizza, super affordable dining options, super friendly servers and of course the pizza is amazing.   who else has mushrooms, avocados, sweet peppers, and fresh mozzarella?  i have to say i like the pizza a lot better than pizza parc in person.  the wings are good too, just a touch greasy.    the regular pizza is good, but this one is going to be our fave for a long time.  they really go to town on the theme and it shows in the pizza.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" "
3373,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! loved the pizza. garlic knots are great too. everything is amazing!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no "
3374,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! heard from yummy sites already and will definitely come back for more! fav pizza, cat food cake, finger foods, jamon crudo pizza..."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going to come back to try that restaurant again."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat), but they stopped making those and are selling it as is. so, i got to try some "
3375,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust -  loved the crust.  loved the mixology.  and the confectioners spices.   felt like a million bucks of crushed ice had crashed down onto us, tossing us with a hail of broken glass.  quickly swallowing my bite italiano, I realised it was a delicious, if a little salty.  packs a punch - especially if you like strong flavors.   must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs - such a delicious balance of textures and tastes!   piola is near queen and dufferin - a paintballing hole in the wall that deserves a paintball trophy case full of ny style thin crust pizzas, or creme cake batter for that matter.   if "
3376,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! great pizza and the family were all there. tasty too. but the price was the best part. we ordered a pepperoni and salami and an order of bread with cheese on it (i'm not weirdly obsessed with this type of food). and boy were the flavors there!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter "
3377,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  we love the theme of oregano's.  we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much!  i'm not really a fan of deep dish, but this was good and they have since changed the theme to pizzaiolo's pizzaiolo's is so good!   the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that we can't return to eat the pizza we just made.  although i haven't tried it, i can't wait to try it!"" ""the pizza was good but a little cold, delivery took longer than expected, but all in all the pizza was good. i will highly recommend if you are a fan of good pizza "
3378,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  love the pizza and margarita every time!  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table and being able to finish your drink while you're eating one. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at "
3379,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza crust cooked to perfection, fresh ingredients on top, and the price/quality of food is out of this world. we had the poor man's arugula salad and it was delicious. we ate a large portion and felt great afterwards. props to you, new york!"" ""fantastic pizza, the crust cooked perfectly, and the cheese was gooey and melted. we ate a large pizza and a large slice of pizza and felt great afterwards. had the margarita pizza and i thought it was a keeper too. thanks to greek hometown hero for creating a great pizza -- the neighborhood won't be missed!"" ""we moved into the building late last year and have been enjoying it ever since. Today is "
3380,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""after seeing hash house a go zq on yelp i was curious as to what their blend was and so did i order a jar of the stuff.  when i walked in a half hour later than they had opened it was already dark and i could tell by the chill of the air that there was no rush as people walked in.  i recommend people to arrive 15-20 minutes early as people tend to show up a little early."" ""there are a few places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza.  these guys are real and their blends are amazing.  highly recommend!  we headed in for lunch on a weekday and were seated right away "
3381,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""this place is the real deal starting with the new york atmosphere.  making you feel at home from the start.  great food, great service.  it's safe to say you'll never be left wanting for something to eat.    next time you're in cleveland, stop by and try their pizza. you won't be disappointed!"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty. everything is "
3382,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust- my new local go to spot for pizza when i'm in the durham region for work! great staff! all around a great experience."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the area. the thick. oh so good. we often get lucky if we order a large pepperoni and salami. especially since the margarita isn't included.   the regular crust pizza here is good, too. but the thickness here is better suited for like- size bites.  i recommend people to try the thin crust pizza here instead of the regular. i think it tastes better with each bite."" ""yuummmmm!!! we ate here friday night and it was an absolute delight. we arrived "
3383,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! great pizza and equally as good of a beer, if not better, at a fraction of the price. absolutely the most affordable dining option and the monopoly soda fountain in the state.  t. bahn, t. donner and t. milhiam's have it covered too."" ""t. bahn's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the negative reviews on this place's wait times and busyness should not count against it. this restaurant just opened no more than 5 months ago, it is located on the busy p83 strip with tons of people and near the arrowhead mall, and is only a moderate sized restaurant.         when "
3384,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  ""pizza is pretty good here.  pizza hut is a 10-day breakfast spot for me.  fav places to eat after a long day at the office?  definitely not chain restaurants, but they do a good job of representing low-cost, high-quality pizza.  also, they always have killer specials, so do come prepared!  i definitely recommend this place for anytime, even on a lazy sunday."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the marg "
3385,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  absolutely to die for!!! ""absolutely to die for!!! pizza is solid, nothing special but good. good luck finding one without a free taco on it."" ""solid pizza. stumbled upon this place after walking over and it was a great fit. place is located off lorain road closer to the sports book, and the pizza was very tasty. great beer selection thanks to the shamrock patch being available. great beer on tap. friendly staff. no one likes waiting around for something to happen, so we decided to give it a try ourselves.  we waited for about 10 minutes for our order to be ready and when it did we could clearly see that something was different. we walked over and saw that the pizza was "
3386,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""decided to eat here again because i was told there was a vegas Grill next door to us that we should try... and we were right on cue. we entered about 10 minutes before closing time and the restaurant was already packed with people. we ordered a pizza and a few glasses of wine with delivery boys helping us empty the can.   afterward we went back and ordered a salad, which was a little unusual but definitely not unheard of. we wanted to try the mushroom pizza and we ordered a few extra large slices because we were feeling generous. they were right there, we took a bite and was hit with a mild electric zinger.   the pizza was good, the fries were good, and the "
3387,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  they really went all about this place.  I got two slices of pepperoni pizza and they were delish. one slice was like a tomato puree, minus the tomato sauce. flavored just right, and it was delicious. also, there was plenty of orange juice - something I don't typically get excited about sharing.  my pizza didn't have garlic balls, but i'm still sharing that with everyone!    every one needs to go here! it's rare that i get to eat here other than once a go on a bad trip, and even then it's just pizza.   rice balls are sooo goooood!   they also serve up a great chicken sandwich, and my pizza "
3388,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.  super tasty crust, and the perfect compliment of good toppings makes it a must try.  now onto the food!  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & 5-6 other dishes on the table we liked.  we got to try a couple of their pizzasections as well as one of their meat lovers.  the chicken enchiladas were yummy, and although i wasn't crazy about the chicken tenders, i thought they were great and will definitely go here again.  i may have skipped the whole chicken tenders part because i was too excited about the food and skipped the whole healthy salad; however, i highly recommend trying it out if you "
3389,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  absolutely the most authentic, local and tasty crust you can find anywhere.  highly recommended! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do "
3390,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! I have eaten here three times previously and have never been let down.  Superbly flavored, perfectly melted cheese melts into gooey, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) giving it a homemade feeling.  the crust is delicious, too. I crave it all the time.  service is quick and friendly, even when it's pouring rain."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to be able to sit right next to one of the many happy hour tables and i ordered a gluten free pizza and a gluten free cookie.  my cosmo's pizza was even better, and we both loved the pizza.  cosmo's "
3391,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust, hands down the crust is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was great! we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.   scott the owner, the staff and the décor was very inviting.   the pizza was very good. the combination of the tasty crust "
3392,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! loved the pizza. the feta was quite good. loved the side of garlic bread with sabah fettuccine alfredo. also, the sauce was really good."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a "
3393,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""Now that pizzaiolo has opened on littie boulevard, there has been a lot of activity going on inside.  it's been noted on yelp that the pizzaiolo's are pretty busy, so let's check in...  yes, they are still open for business. yes, there are still tables inside. yes, there is still pizza on the menu. but, the pizzaiolo's have closed down so we can't comment on that.  we will continue to look at the menu that it has a link to and hopefully open for business there as well."" ""while browsing the internet for pizza ideas, i came across your site and was immediately struck by the quality of the pizza you "
3394,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza is amazing and always tasty.  love the restaurant's """"give me a break"""" attitude.  they really don't give a damn what you order or how long you wait.  we got here on a weekday afternoon, just for a drink, and the atmosphere was very laid back and comfortable.  we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""i really enjoyed this place on my recent visit to the aria casino. it's located near the sports book, which was a plus for me.  the pizza was great and they had a nice selection of local "
3395,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  staff is always friendly and helpful. pizza is quality, and they continue to improve it.  highly recommend! ""first time trying it but so far, it's a winner!  good pizza, good wings, and a great crust.  easily one of my favorite pizza joints in the country.  do yourself a favor and place an order of pizza, it'll be great!"" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you""""ll definitely notice that the decor, although clean and super comfortable, is understatedly retro.  i liked the vibe "
3396,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didn't forget to mention they were born that way. great company to have around. people are going to love this place."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm!), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice "
3397,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was tasty,aliannacho cheese was gooey and melted, and the combination of the two made it the most delicious pizza i've ever had. they were even giving me a container of the spicy mayo from the can!  i can't wait to go back and try those delicious blue cheese- teriyaki and mushroom pizza with spinach, and sweet potato fries!  i think the ratio of the ingredients was good, and i think it was hotter than i was expecting."" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good "
3398,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. Five-cheese, ten-meat combo is the closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. new york theme and decor. very friendly and prompt servers. will definitely be back"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors, so we went for the steak and chips.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant was very packed.  we got our milkshake first thing in the morning and were happy with the decision.  we ordered a colombian pizza and a salad, and they were good.  we shared the grilled chicken with chilli and the bbq chicken with avocados beans, "
3399,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  Brooklyn crust,  ultra-light crust  and they come through in spades.    love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.   fantastic pizza, socially conscious -- we just found our new go-to pizza place."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add "
3400,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. Fried perfection. amazing crust. and the jalapeno cheese cheese we added after the crust was melted and seasoned.  perfection of slice by slice inspection and by the crust color on the outside of the casing. every bite was delicious. and the """"fresh ingredients"""" pizza we ordered for carry out next time around was a real winner.  we will definitely come back to try those pizza lines again.    Yum!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up "
3401,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust. Used to be a strip club soooo adventurous. love the urban food. stray bit and have a nice slice of late night pie. arugula salad was very unique and we both loved it. also worthy of a star rating higher than four.  will definitely be back"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and ate downstairs too. good place to come for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.  ""this pizza is absolutely delicious. we are in town for work and came just for pizza. honest. i think this is a good place to "
3402,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  highly recommended!!!!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as "
3403,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   immediately i noticed there was a difference in tone from the pizza place to the other one.  i assume this is to do with the fact that they are temporarily open an extra hour so they can get their act together and make sure it stays that way.  in my case, that meant extra time lazing around, too.    after a couple slices, you can tell the mood has changed.  i recommend the following:  a) Margherita - good, but not the best. i recommend trying the more """"special"""" toppings instead.  b) Joel's Pizza Limited - probably my favorite of all time."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month "
3404,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  awesome crust, awesome toppings, and an awesome sauce.   loved the """"portuguese"""" pizza and the """"ham and cheese"""" (ham cheese, spinach, onion and pepper)...and the """"ham and cheese slices"""" (7-cheese, sauerkraut, mustard green pepper, sauerkraut and eggs).  both the ingredients were delicious and the crust was make-or-break for me.  i chose not to eat any of the mushrooms because i was too lazy to make them myself, but they were still delicious and i must say i am a fan of their mushroom pizza.  any chance of them making a vegan mushroom pizza with eggplant hummus? i would love to "
3405,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!   best pizza EVER!!!  fab place to eat!!!! we love the theme of oregano's. super friendly servers and awesome pizzas!!!  will forever be a fan!!!"" ""the pizza was really yummy and the service was really good.  we really needs to come back and try that pizza.  we could not stop eating the pizza.    they have really great pizza too!  i would highly recommend this place to my friends and family.  my husband and i both love their pizza."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they "
3406,5,Positive," Fantastic Crustacean pizza.   the owner always has a smile on his face and will do anything for a crack.   i definitely recommend this place to anyone! the only problem i have is that i've walked away from other pizza hut shops multiple times and only had bad experiences once.  i would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family. the only problem i have is that i don't think they have a cracker to share with them once you order your pie.  if you just want to gawk at the arugula and mint, that's your opinion.  i understand, i eat that kind of pizza all the time.  crust is amazing, the buttery smooth, the ratio of the ingredients is "
3407,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fastest growing place in the area, consistently good pizza, and a great staff (great attitude, hopefully we can keep it going past this)."" ""we moved into our suite in the bowels of yelp (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpqryv5ucv7qzzw2btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag).   we ordered a pizza with mushroom and spinach and an order of their wings.  they were fantastic.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh "
3408,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! laid back atmosphere great tuesday night movie. found movie showing re-release of wu- heavy metal band. 4 headed trailer of some sort with male lead, sword fighting, ninja, elf, and berserker. 4pc pizza toppings combined from $14.99. food and drink are f***ing amazing and i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because "
3409,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  excellent crust texture and a delicious buttery delicious center.   the toppings are generous and i add a dollop of sour cream to taste (I find that sour cream confounded some people so i apologize if that was you).  after adding my two cents (or more if you prefer a thinner crust) i am confident that you will agree that this is a winner!<|endoftext|>$27 .64 This item supports bothカビニングラスト andカブンスト!カブンスト gives you the choice between chicken and beef, and chicken and spinach (irl). chicken is great, but i recommend the beef one for a lighter, healthier dish.   the pasta portions are very generous, and i really "
3410,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! ""next time i make a pizza based on the reviews here i would like to mention that i ordered from a feedback hot box so i can take full credit for that. i understand that some people may not like the pizza i make and i understand that too. i understand that it takes time to perfect a recipe and i appreciate that my pizza doesn't have a label or logo on it to let me know it's new york style. i understand that being said everything was excellent and i will definitely be back - if only because it's cheaper than a pizza at a nearby table.   one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the thick crust makes it delicious any time of the day. the slices are "
3411,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! loved the mango ice cream and the fried chicken mix was delicious!   fastest growing restaurant in the strip and the pizza is good n stuff!! advice to the staff - fresh ingredients, good service, smooth pizza."" ""every bit of pizza that i eat is made better by the extra step of cooking it in the oven. my pizza just took longer to cook though. some of the dishes that i like to eat late are better leftovers than on the table."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizz "
3412,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  Tried it both ways (ihunk pita bread with hummus and feta) and loved it both!   good place to eat.  thanks to sriracha and mango chicken for a great breakfast snack!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!"" ""grown men's clothing, gourmet pasta dinners, and amazing pizzas. we just found our new neighborhood hangout.   fresh produce, great food, and the occasional concert bringing together neighborhood kids.   movies? yes, yes, yes!   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday "
3413,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust! Great pizza and the most affordable dining option near our house. lots of room for grow your own veggies and the occasional table service.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  living room is cozy and youthful, complete with a fancy concierge suite.  i particularly love the emphasis on ecofriendly dining -- it's refreshing and fun while you're eating.  the climate in the room was extremely pleasant and quite cozy, although i didn't feel it was overly spacious.  i plan to have dinner with my husband in the near future and can't wait to try their dinner menu again.  thanks!"" ""i was here with friends a few weeks "
3414,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! pizzas are light and delicious. good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up service! omg so happy we found you guys! i can't wait to go back and try some more! the owner is super friendly and the pizza is to die for!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" ""this pizza was great. we called in our order and it was ready by the time we got there.  awesome service.  loved the ''chandelier'' "
3415,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  super friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  airport walk in only, so don't expect to dine in there yourself. but i will say that if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  i went there again tonight, this time with my girlfriend and we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and smoothie entree. we were so happy that we decided to stick around and order another pizza - though, i would recommend going alone if you must! the pizza was great and they gave us a smoothie shake before the pizza really took shape. we ended up getting a whole after all!    this place deserves a rainbow pizza - it's delicious "
3416,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!! crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crust from pizzas but i always finish theirs, it's so good!!  i also try to get a slice of the handmade caramelized onions they make for the crust. all the other items i buy from their selection are good but i typically just stick to the pizzas and salads. the homemade mac n' cheese is also great, even when made in house. somehow, despite all the complaints elsewhere, this seems to be a very family oriented business.  i would like to try it out someday, but till then i'll keep going back "
3417,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  great pizza and equally, yummy toppings.   the house made mozzarella appetizers are simply delicious.   add some sausage and mushrooms and you have a good veggie or vegetarian option.   add some spinach and you have a delicious dessert platter.   add some nuts and you have a delicious breakfast item.   add some yogurt and you have a delicious late lunch.   add some charcuterie and you have a delicious mid lunch.   add some salad and you have a delicious late dinner item.   add some tostadrada and you have a delicious mid dinner item.   add some togarritos and you have "
3418,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it "
3419,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  you won't be disappointed!! yum yum yum!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no "
3420,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! pizza was delicious, didn't forget to mention they bring the crust to the table not that they know but we will definitely be back !"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes are the best pasta dishes ever!  i am a fan of the """"gourmet"""" pizza but this one is good for sharing, particularly with your aunty."" ""love the restaurant. owner is super friendly. always nice space. nice ambiance. good pizza. cheap price. everything is good..."" ""it may be hidden under a bus shelter, but this pizza is a must try! the pizza is solid, the wings good, and the baked goods awesome! we got the new yorker half "
3421,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust, hands down. My new york style pizza just took center stage. Fantastic crust, hands down. fluffy yet crunchy yet not too greasy. everything is amazing. i am hooked. tonight i am headed over to eat ny style pizza exclusively. ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to a restaurant that handled deliveries, so we thought we'd give them a try. rather than waiting for the pizza to cool down we decided to ask them to come out to us and we were set on pizza. excellent pizza, hands down. we ate our fill and headed back inside.   before long we were waiting for the pizza to be delivered again, when all of a sudden a middle aged man walks in with a big smile "
3422,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!  the pizza was amazing and they were right back at it right away.  great service and they really warmed up our table!  also, definitely go to bruins arena for a smoothie shake before the next game!!!"" ""during big jim's wrap xl. located near the sports book.  unfortunately, the parking is very limited.  we ended up parking in the lot directly next to the arena.  i would recommend people to stop by and try the pizza if they are in the area.  although it is not the classiest or wackiest of pizza places, big jim's is still a good one to stop by and try."" ""we ended up going because we wanted to have dinner with "
3423,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!!! hands down one of the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed "
3424,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   always friendly and quick service.   came in during lunch and the pizza was ready by the time we were leaving.   always walk in here at least once during happy hour to ensure you don't miss a moment!  they also give away cards for $5 on each purchase of $5 or more.  that's a really fair deal for food and entertainment.   we will continue to go back!!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  we were there for the pizza and the "
3425,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust!  fabulously delicious crust and toppings! we ate a lot of it, actually.  loved the cheesy-sauce is amazing.  the frogs taste even better when eaten with ice cream on the side - hands down if you ask me to.    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza "
3426,5,Positive," Fantastic Crust.   fastest growing pizza place in the nation?"" ""domino's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the glazed and unwashed margherta pizza is awesome, and the chicken and waffles are amazeballs! the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too! the owners are super friendly and will just go above and beyond to make sure you are satisfied. the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that i was unable to properly toast the margherta with actual blue cheese diavola... but i will definitely return because it was so unbelievably delicious !"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away "
3427,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also delicious, though i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites of the bunch.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also tasty.  overall, great place to get pizzas.  the staff is very friendly and polite, and the pizza was ready in less than 5 minutes.  i definitely will come back!"" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy!  great pizza and salad, our homemade blue pizza was just a touch salty, but still has a good flavor.  we got lucky when the pizza "
3428,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices,  garlic bread and fresh herbs.  makes a good leftoversie too!  tahitian-style hella cheesy delicious!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated parm and pepper flakes, but also "
3429,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices scale. small enough to eat plain, large enough to order taken, and awesome cheese cheese. can't recommend this place enough."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well "
3430,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices is good, and so is their chicken sandwich. i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.   all i ordered was cheese and i think it was pretty good. i don't know that i was overly impressed by the reaction of my wine and beer tab to the cheese puree they supplied. i definitely got more out of the use of the vegetable oil in my dish than i did out of the whole wad of cheese.   all i ordered was cheese and i think it was pretty good. i don't know that i was overly impressed by the reaction of my wine and beer tab to the cheese puree they supplied. i definitely got more out of the use of the vegetable "
3431,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, feta and olives. great on the go breakfast!   fried chicken pizza with sausage and onions and a tiny amount of spicy salami (i think that's what it was called) and it was delicious.   add chicken and sesame seeds for a medley of all the flavors, it was amazing.   add chicken back in for another layer of deliciousness, but be warned: the skin on the chicken is extremely sensitive and it will burn your mouth.   if you don't like spicy salami on chicken, you can always bring back the pizza and cook it like a chicken sandwich, but i wouldn't try that.   or you can just eat it like a chicken sandwich "
3432,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices is how you order to end all ends. my go to is to get the garlic bread with the feta and the sandwich just to name a few. i usually get cheese pizza with some hot buns on it and a large salad for under $20 and it is delicious. i highly recommend this place for any occasion, even a small gathering of friends.   this place is under appreciated in las vegas.  so many awesome places under appreciated so quickly.  under appreciated because it is under taxed.  under taxed because it is a great place for lunch."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over "
3433,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and delicious. customer service is always friendly and prompt. pizza is never stale or burnt. there's always someone helping themselves."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole crust alone. they lose a star because i felt nickel and dimed for everything. i ordered my pizza with basil in it and i ate the whole thing with spicy salami, fresh tomatoes, garlic and sausages. i felt so bad for that guy, i bet he was starving to death too."" ""i am a huge fan of a good pizza and this is a good go-to when i'm on the go eat my pizza crawl. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" "" "
3434,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices for $2.75! including tip! hummus sandwich for $7.50! including tip! vegetarian pizza for $7.50! including tip! meat sandwich for $9! including tip! ""honestly, this place is soooooo good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the pizza was great and they made sure we got a good crust and cheese. they even gave us a little healthy salad. seriously, go there right away and you will have my favorite pizza place in the country. go try it, you will love it."" ""duck poutine pizza and spicy diavola sauce is a must. delicious crust and cheesy deliciousness. oh and it's huge - it was a "
3435,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so so right! i would order those every day except for sunday... when i see them on sunday they must be a little extra special because they are half price during lunch!   every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza and italian and cheesesteaks. i'm getting hungry already and want to get some lunch money.  it's not coccia house or will never be coccia house but what it has become is a must go to if you are on the fence about restaurants.  now that they have opened they have a great pizza and happy hour with free wine pairing with every order.  will definitely be back!"" ""i went to coccia house with "
3436,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made daily 3-5 times a week for $7.50! heck, they even give you a cookie for $! seriously, who gives a crap what you call it or how it's pronounced?  everyone who eats here is treated to great food and is expected to go along for the ride.  at least for the occasional beer geek like myself.    every pizza is made to order except for the pizza with cheese (which is great because it's made from scratch!) so please do not expect to dine in and order all the time.  i suggest instead having a little treat for the other diner or for yourself: try adding a dash of vanilla ice cream to each slice!  this will not only make you "
3437,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! the restaurant also provides a great vegan menu! my favorites are the mediterranean pizza and the spicy salami! my go-to is to share one with a friend or family member; i prefer the less meat-oriented menu option."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza and a vegan pizza wich was absolutely divine.  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once "
3438,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, authentic ingredients are used and the cheese curds are made fresh as well!  no other cheese curds are made with! i am a huge fan of this style of pizza and will continue to go back! the slices are thin and delicious. i usually get a large slice for under $50 bucks and it does the job.  i also try their regular size pizza, which is good for me because i'm not a huge pizza eater.   the slices are also tasty. they're thinner and have a better flavor. they're also cheaper than a $50 pizza and they're still good.   i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover who likes a little bit of spice."" ""it may "
3439,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. slices are heated and serve with pepperoni, sausage, and onion hash. please be aware that some restaurants may not have sauce on hand. please be respectful of their privacy at all times.   here's a sample of the delicious pizza they offer:  crust:  mozzarella cheese  fresh mozzarella  margherita or regular cheese  tomato slices  sprouts  catupiry : grilled chicken over bbq sauce  yummy tuesday : awesome blend of tuesday and chipotle  and so many more! cat's cheese is sooo goooood! we ate a delicious whole wheat "
3440,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each time we come to eat here. they are also hot and fresh, and the cheese curds are made fresh as well.  a rare gem in this city!!!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we came for sunday lunch. unfortunately, we didn't come for sunday lunch. we were told to come in half an hour before the scheduled time and we came/did we say hi? well, we came in 45 minutes before the scheduled time and we said hi? yeah, we were a bit skeptical. but, we walked by later that night and clearly seen some signs of life. , the pizza was good, and they were fast approaching 5 minute wait time.  we will definitely come "
3441,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made with fresh mozzarella instead of frozen which adds extra taste of fresh to the slice. a unique combination which i enjoy immensely. the slices are hot and fresh making you the perfect compliment to the cheesy deliciousness of the pizza. another plus is that they are not too greasy which is nice when you order them that way. the slices are smaller than normal so if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting them between you and i.  if you are a regular here i would definitely endorse you coming here again! ""delicious pizza! i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that "
3442,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made with fresh mozzarella cheese, bacon and spinach, topped with fresh mozzarella, topped with hot cookies and topped with spicy salami.  it's the coolest thing i've ever seen on yelp!  i can't wait to go back and try it!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepper "
3443,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are completely toppings come together. great with a sweet pepperoni or congee -- just like real cream of cheese!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the col "
3444,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are amazing - thin and crispy crust cooked to perfection and topped with baby pepperonis, all topped with mozzarella cheese and topped with parmesan. extreme fast food meets real restaurant food - it truly is authentic iv. :-)  i will definitely come back here - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" amazing pizza for $10 and half price apps between 4-6 weekdays. can't recommend this place enough. all pizza recipes that we've tried are perfectly balanced and full of high quality ingredients. ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a large cheese pizza and an order of bread with butter.  the food and service was great.  the price was "
3445,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are nothing to write home about.   one slice is really all you'll need to get through 4 slices.  especially since there's no dipping sauce or cheese to rub on the slice.  so if you just want to get by and have some left to save and munch on later... i say if you like thin crust pizza and want to be a bit healthier i would probably endorse going that route.  but if you want to be a bit bit more extravagant and indulge in all the decadent things they serve then by all means go for it.  but please don't expect to dine in there and have me stand by my review :) ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the pros "
3446,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are non-sticky and taste really good! i also tried the housemade spicy sausage pizza and it was delicious too!   will definitely return to try more pizzas."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.   will definitely be back for another slice, or three."" ""i've been coming "
3447,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are the perfect size to share and the homemade mozzarella is delicious!  i also tried the giant salad, which we ate alongside a large slice of pizza; it was delicious, and we chewed on several pieces!  will definitely return, and/or try other options."" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, maybe because it was sunday and he was eating alone so we don't know for sure but his judgment was good. highly recommend!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we were celebrating my birthday and  visiting from out of town so we decided to pop in for a "
3448,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made daily  right there !!!"" going by cab is one of the best ways to meet up with other truck drivers and get together for a beer and a delicious slice of pizza.  being able to eat an awesome pizza and being able to afford it is a huge plus for me. ""tldr: great spot for a slice of pizza under the bridge.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your excuses for not going to the restaurant.   the slices are thin and delicious.   you must try the meat pizza.  it's the perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses.   the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know "
3449,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are unbelievably tasty.  they're also fairly inexpensive.  a cupcake i particularly loved was the pink slime. ; )   i chose the mushroom cheese bread with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions.  the crust was smeared with a sort of garlic oil spread, and then the toppings and finished with a blend of cheeses.  it arrived perfectly cooked and piping hot from the oven.  there are a few booths in the back with a sort of help yourself drink set-up.  if you stand next to the road and look out for the trucks hauling stuff you can buy some great local craft beer from rock "
3450,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked every time we eat there. slices are also very tasty, as are the fried mushroom and zucchini sticks."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. but it is a really nice setting outdoors with the backdrop of art deco decor and great pizza and kebab stands.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto! ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 500 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the "
3451,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and nachos are the best nachos you have never had.  the tuesday salad is wonderful and it comes with whole pieces of garlic bread, tomatoes, olives, and peas.  the main course is definitely still good, albeit on the salty side.  i recommend people to bring along their own bowl of the soup as well as a salad to help bring together the flavors.  please, please, please, please, please, i want my husband to try this restaurant."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and "
3452,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices ($9.95) are so good. we ate whole slices twice and topped with baby pepperonis, fresh mozzarella, and sausages.  infact, i like to eat whole slices because they're sooo gooey.  but if you want to be a bit more indulgent, i recommend splitting one slice with your table and sharing one with your tableguest.  i was happy with that too, although i will say that i was a bit surprised at how well the pizza tasted when it came back to me after being gone for so long.     i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover who is looking for some good fresh pizza, at a fair price, and the food is fun "
3453,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are melted cheese and onions, fresh mozzarella, parma ham, and fresh tomato.  parmesan is not authentic pork but rather a bit of cheese soup cheese.  to recreate the authentic taste of orderto, i would recommend adding minced garlic and sautéing onions.  to taste, i would also add another slice of cheese bread to the mix.  the sourdough pizza is similarly delicious, but drier.  to make matters worse, the sliced cheese breads are extremely thin and fall apart easily.  once you order your own slice, be sure to ask for extra sourdough!  my advice is to try it both ways - if you can handle the carbs, definitely come back to try it "
3454,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! every pizza is quality checked and perfect on every bite! italian and regional cheeses are real and your order will be good no matter what!  we always have  pizza on the house  (smoked meat, pineapple ...),  pasta dishes on the menu and of course pizza on the libations!  a gin and toni based sorbet was also tasty -- definitely not for the faint of heart, but we enjoyed it anyway!    we will definitely order from libations again and/or from the menu that features smoked meat, fish and vegetables!"" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza "
3455,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices. thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly together. they are the stuff of nightmares... or is it? i have no idea but it was delicious not only is it delicious every time we eat it but we get to chat with the owner and learn a lot more about the restaurant.    next time you are in cleveland, i would definitely recommend stopping by and trying their pizza. you won't be disappointed."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad "
3456,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices for $2.75! not bad. i thought they were premium, $7 for a large slice of cheese on steroids. not so much, actually. i think i ate part of the cheesecake while i was standing there. the slices are still good, though. $7 for a large slice of cheese on steroids. what i ordered was heated cheese and spread with peanut butter on top. damn. so good. i would order away with a pizza this easy? maybe. but cheeese pizza is good savory, hot, and cheeese. it's got that perfect blend of tastes that you crave. you also want to mention that they are from santa cliate, which is awesome because it is where i am from "
3457,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are as close as you can get to real nellos cheesesteaks, at a lower cost and they are still good.  the eggplant pizza is very good too, but i prefer the crispy eggplant florentine and the slightly charred ginger pizza.  the bianca pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also very good, but i prefer the crispy skinned version with hummus on the side - and plenty of garlic for dipping.  the wedges are also good, though not as good as the roasted red pepper flakes or the cheddar cheese pizza.  please, do not be turned off by the prices - these are good new york style pizza, fresh ingredients, and they are "
3458,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are the best pizza slice you've ever had, and there's a great cheese pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and peas. if you just want to pick your own toppings, you can always ask, and i certainly don't plan on it. but if you want to be a bit healthier, and want to be a bit more environmentally sustainable, and really want to please your dinner guest, yes, yes, yes, please consider making this your date night meal.   now that you've ordered your hors d'oeuvres, it's time to unwrap the delights! i've got a lovely creamy white with sweet blue cheese, "
3459,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are like mini cheesesteaks worth its weight in gold.  i literally ate one slice before writing this review.  i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the slice, but trust me, you can tell the difference between a mini and a large as soon as you look at the photo.  the slices are thin and perfect burnt orange.  i would have loved to try them even without the pepperoni.  the crust is thin and crispy, and the topping divine.    wish i could have tried some of the specialty pizzas, but i walked up to the counter at 11:01 and was happy to see they were open so i guess they are still open!  anyways, i met up with "
3460,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily  pizzas are hot and  they are often good ny style . sandwiches are good ny style too!  they bring the house  pizza and i love that they are a ny shop . i moved in a few blocks away and this will be my go to pizza place . if you are area and are looking for a good fresh pizza place to stop by - look no further than this place! ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, "
3461,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are understatedly good. policy-wise, don't expect to dine in there and get fries, but  i definitely got fava beans fries and they were crispy and melted. there were also times when i needed to be more selective with my toppings - at other times, i would have preferred a little more garlic toast thrown in, but for some bizarre reason i can't help but think that it is purely down to chance - that is, until i make a full review on the menu that includes french fries, and onions!"" ""my family and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and an order of bread with cheese bread and we were not disappointed! the pizza was delicious and the bread "
3462,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh! and the flavors are amazing!   when my husband asked if i was kidding and i said no, i said ok and he kept asking.  when my husband said i looked like i was 19 again, i said ok and again he said i looked good.  when my daughter said she loved the pizza and that i was right to be honest.  when my husband said he was looking forward to going tomorrow, he said he should I check out their wine and martini bar.  i said ok and we walked away with a box of tahitos and a can of tahitos.  needless to say, we will be back to try their pizza again.  i will be back; it was "
3463,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh! my cheese pizza was fine, though. maybe because it was cheese free. i didn't try it.  my husband and i both love thin crust pizza. i suggest people to try it as well. i think it tastes better with every bite!  we love deep dish and italian pizza. i suggest people to bring their own soda. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try "
3464,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and delicious! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. they are also sold in halves or whole pieces. my girls both had the kids salami pizza and the salami was very tasty, though my only complaint is that my slice came with soggy cheese on it!  it wasn't overly salty or burnt, and the wedges themselves were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  my husband said that he highly recommends this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good "
3465,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so so good! i crave it all the time.  they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree.  we were there early for dinner on a wednesday and it was not crowded (not shocking...). we got our appetizers and salads good, our pizza was good, and our food was ready by the time we were ready to go.  i highly recommend 'em both!   we will definitely be back!"" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brut "
3466,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices come with two slices of tomato sauce, which you can increase to taste.   your roll is complete if you ask nicely and the pizza is a keeper if you like thin crust pizza.   you can ask for extra toppings or to make it super spicy please let me know.   it is pretty expensive roaming the strip with a pizza like this so ask your wallet for more info.   it is cheap to eat at there and the prices are very fair, especially if you know you will be eating here for a few years."" ""the pizza was really good! we had tyler as a side and the mozzarella appetizer and the bone-in pizza crust (easily the best pizza i "
3467,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i crave it all the time.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza! ben, the owner "
3468,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also delicious, along with some hot buns.  note: there's a small but persistent but annoying butcheerelfriend here.  i try to ignore it but it could just as easily be my 2am pizza convo."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. tasty, cheap snacks (arugula and apple-cinnamon pancake mix). beautiful space - the decor is phenomenal for a counter-service place. much higher-end all around (quality of food, quality of ambience) than you'd expect for the price "
3469,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! every slice is made with fresh mozzarella cheese, parmesan, pepper and fresh herbs!  this is the real deal!!!  you must try it!  it is the real deal!!! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here "
3470,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and hot from the oven.  cheese pizza melts cheese evenly, so be sure to add some parm to it too!  i especially love eating the thin crust with extra sauce on it!  the wedges that come with each order are small, but they really do enhance the flavor of a really small serving. be sure to ask for extra toppings if you want!  by the looks of the other reviews i'm guessing this doesn't please everyone... but i'll wager it doesn't matter to me either way. i ordered one large cheese pizza, with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,  it was delicious.  they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead "
3471,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices prepare you for the bitter cold and the gnarly crunch of winter sidewalk food. add in the fact that a number of great restaurants along Pescadero offer homemade gnarly crunch and you've essentially got the perfect foil to bake a cold pizza on.  i suggest splitting one large with your table as it is rather large."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the slices are thin and crispy, and the crust cooked to perfection. they add a lot of flavor to the entire "
3472,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and cheese cheese is at a premium in my opinion.  hence why i am a fan and why you should too! the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) but the flavors are there and the crust doesn't suffer.  after dipping a hand into the drink I could tell by the looks of the ingredients that rather than being refined and somehow heavier, they were trying to be a little lighter and fresh.    i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was "
3473,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are VERY good! deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't "
3474,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good. i crave it all the time.  the dipping sauces used in the dips are really tasty.  we also really like the customized tomato sauce.  to spice it up we can add in some jalapeno on the side if desired.  will definitely return."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out "
3475,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are the stuff of legend. The signature dish, the melt-in-your mouth, oh so good. we almost never eat crusts from pizzas but we will definitely come back.  the dipping sauces are also really tasty. we used to order pizza from the restaurant only to come back and try those.   once again, i would like to express my gratitude to jerry and the rest of the staff for a truly outstanding working environment - and for allowing me to eat here again.  you guys rock!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza "
3476,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are just that, slices.  each one is like a mini cheese pizza you can eat one size too.  i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also tasty.  overall, great place to get pizzas.  the staff is very nice and friendly to their customers.  i would definitely come back!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! i am a fan of the hot cookies but this one is good ny style! highly recommend!"" ""my friends and i "
3477,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and you can make an awesome buffalo chicken pie too!  i am a huge fan of the spicy dipping sauces they come with their dipping picks.  in my many attempts at this dish, i have never had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  my husband always gives me a thumbs up because i always know someone is enjoying my food.  on occasion, however, i will reach out and try to order it myself.  in my many attempts at this dish, i have never had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  my husband always gives me a thumbs up because i always know someone is enjoying my food.  on occasion, however, i will reach out and ask if they would like to try "
3478,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are slowly melting cheese and toppings combined. decadent and somehow still tasty. i would order just the plain cheese pizza and salad, but i know some people who have ordered both and i will happily deviate if given the opportunity.   the meat lovers pizza pictured above was also quite good. i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type found in the supermarket. i also loved the breadsticks because they were thin and crisp, giving them a homemade taste of well done meat.   cheese con to taste (kinda tastes like regular con), but tastes even better reheated as con toppers."" ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. "
3479,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are very, very tasty indeed. i especially love the mint go-go! and they are so good not to make again.  the regular go-to pizza is good too, but i prefer the deep dish to the cheesy. i think it's better suited for bed or for sharing...probably because it's less likely to get you in a fist fight."" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food, good price. give it a try if you don't mind a little greasy."" best new york pizza in summer "
3480,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and delicious. cheese is a nice healthy option other than the typical boxed cheese.  most importantly of all: no cold phone calls please!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the pizza and hamburger."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on "
3481,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh every time we eat here and the cheese is gooey and melted. they are also loaded with fresh herbs, absolutely perfect for serving with a glass of wine.  after a long day at the office, at least having a nice pizza on hand is a plus for me."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to be seated with some of the best pizza chefs in the country so we can hopefully learn from their mistakes and strive to create even better pizza in the future.  order out front and you get a table for two for $9.99.  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $14.99.  they surpising also have great "
3482,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are vital.  anyone who has eaten here knows that it is so good.  preferably in a pizza alone.  i recommend people to bring their own soda -  it is absolutely mandatory!  my husband brought me a slice of their white pie (ricotta and spinach) as well as a generic meat lovers.  i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and the taste just like sliced parm chicken.  no one makes me laugh harder than they do when they make me laugh.  also, i forgot to mention they are the most expensive item on the menu.  my husband brought me some when he visited me today, and i will be giving that to my boyfriend tomorrow.  they are the cutest little suckers "
3483,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked - and the specialty cocktails are made from the finest ingredients. a truly unique and up-cycled concept that i was interested in exploring further. i'll be back; again and again.<|endoftext|>Last night I watched the Jimmy Fallon football broadcast on Comedy Central.  While the content was great, the timing was spot on.  Within minutes of tuning in, someone had sent me a tweet informing me that the Jets had won the game!  Beats me why they wouldn't just email me and let me know.  until they do, i'll be watching the game to see if they change their mind.  @jimmyfallon why don't you come on my show and i'll show you how "
3484,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i crave it all the time!  i am a fan of britney spears, but this one really stands out.  the sauce is so good!   everyone on my crew loves their cheese pizza, and everyone on my crew loves good thin crust pizza!    cheers, pistachios, and sundried tomato!  i will definitely come back here!  the pizza is good all the way through, but the slices are good ny style.  if you are a fan of thin crust pizza, then alexander's pizza is a good place to come back!  the slices are also very good!    anyone know of a good thin crust pizza place that "
3485,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, plentiful other toppings, and a delicious cheesy/soggy crust (think parmesan, feta, olives, and tzatziki). i absolutely adore it when restaurants offer up a vegan soft serve instead of the usual hard candy/ vanilla. vegan pizza should be sold in stores, too. it's the real deal."" ""the pizza is very, very good! i came here because i was told about the hot peppers and cilantro pizza. i thought it was a must-try. it was! i ordered the spicy salami and i was completely surprised by how well it tasted! i was so excited to try it. i ordered two slices and they were the size of a small pizza! they were so "
3486,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are huge and you can easily share one with your table.  i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it is an absolute steal!  your pizza will be good the next day.    your pizza is great for sharing good pizza with good pizza.  i highly recommend sharing one with your friends as it is delicious too!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the chicago style of pizza and the deep dish.  the ratio of cheesy/sauce/crust is to die for and so is their pizza! i mean, "
3487,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices into two small pieces and combined with tomato sauce is the perfect combination for an awesome slice of pizza.  note: if you don't like thick slices just speak up and i'll change my mind.  today i ordered one of the lunch items and i thought it would be a good idea to bring in my laptop and order a pizza from it.  as i crossed 20 i realized that any pizza could be a thin slice or even a large pizza with items removed.  thus i was left with a pizza that was too big for one small size and a large slice too greasy.  in my excitement to try something different gave me my first ever 8 inch pizza.  it was delicious, cheap, and it felt good being an 8 "
3488,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are equally (if not more) delicious. i usually get one slice of whole wheat with some hot buns on it and a generous side of garlic toast.   the buns are absolutely perfect. i also get to eat an extremely spicy bunsafe pizza alongside a perfectly baked and seasoned to order pizza. (yum)  all of these things make a good pizza, and i'll continue to go back again and again.   for now though, you can get the pizza you love and want an awesome slice of pizza."" ""great pizza. my friends and i go here a lot. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's one "
3489,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices look delicious with sausages and onions!  check out the diavola pizza with spicy salami!  it's unruly delicious!  every bite is important!  if you haven't tried it, you must!    you will not find a better pizza or a wittier, fresher, grittier pizza.  indeed, you will find yourself agreeing with many aspects of this restaurant's attitude and cuisine.  if you are a first-timer, or just looking for a funky, fun place to dine out, look no further than the courtyard patio, which has formerly been a bowling alley.  just walking by there, you will see all the chalkboards and chalkboards fighting it's battle "
3490,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are good too, although i prefer adding more tomatoes after they're cooked a bit more. the slices are also quite tasty berry blue.   while the 'real deal' pizza looks and acts exactly like the TV show, it's really nothing more than hot air.  reheated cheese is great, but the cardboard box the pizza sits in seems heavily laden with processed cheese.  a quick sniff around on yelp would confirm this is the case.    i would highly recommend trying the real deal, but i'd rather spend $25-35 on a slice of pizza that will keep us through another day of eating.    if you are already inside the zone and want to be a little bit "
3491,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good.  i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!   if you get dessert, the cheesecake is just desserts - well, at least to me.  there's more to it though, does anyone else's cheesecake taste good or does anyone else's homemade cheesecake sound good?  i'm still trying to decide but if you're ever in cleveland, you must go to mr. greek! i will definitely stop back in and try their pizza again!"" ""my absolutely favorite pizzeria in the city, the mozzarella pizza is absolutely delicious and they always seem to be having fun!  i would definitely come back!"" ""the pizza "
3492,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly ground. crust is thin and perfectly cooked, but still has a good chew of flavor. toppings are fresh and delicious, and are often served in a separate bowl with the pizza.   service is quick and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant are very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza is absolutely delicious, and the service is excellent.  highly recommended!"" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza "
3493,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and cheese pizza or as my local pizza king would have it, deep dish pizza with sauerkraut and mustard on it - oh and did i mentioned the hot cookies?   now i know what you're thinking - why would you order a pizza with hot cookies on it when you can just order a pizza without them? ehn, i have a sneaking suspicion that is true... but then again, i don't really care either way.   the pizza was smeared with a sort of garlic oil spread, then topped with powdered and fried garlic cloves, and finally topped with chocolate chip cookies. each cookie was then coated with chocolate and topped with powdered methi. each methi was then topped with powdered and fried "
3494,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are soo good! they are like the real deal, real cheese, real sald, real italian sausage, real virgin olive oil, and they are half price during happy hour.  oh and they are also a little smaller than the full priced fare, but they are still delicious.  i would totally eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables "
3495,5,Positive, Cheese Pizza slices are a must try!  they are so good!  i also highly recommend sharing one small with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.    you must try the mushroom pizza as it's soo easy to make a great allergy friendly pizza!  also delicious with mushrooms and spinach :)  you must try the mushroom pizza as it's soo easy to make a great allergy friendly pizza!  also delicious with mushrooms and spinach :)  you must try the spinach pizza as it's so good with so many different kinds of vegetables!  it's so healthy!  and it's so very good with real spinach!  i dream of having my own organic pizza stand in durham 
3496,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are sooo goooood! i would give it a 10 if i could. it is extremely flavorful and it is a very affordable food. give it a try if you are in the mood to dine out and have some good food options nearby."" ""i was here with friends a few weeks back and i must say i was quite impressed by the pizza they serve. they have huge pizza on the display which is quite appetising.   we ordered mushroom pizza and hot lips (i remember pineapple as one of the toppings). hot lips was quite an amusing name!! they give huge slices of pineapple chunks with a sprinkle of salt. really scrumptious!   we also ordered a spicy meat sandwich and i must "
3497,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really good. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. good place to go!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i stopped in here for a slide and a soda one day and was very pleased with the pizza and drink selection. i had the pizza special pizza and also the chicken cesar pizza. the slide was great and so was the thought of spending an extra $5 for a great pizza and great beer selection. i highly recommend this place for any slide or cocktail craving."" ""when you have three kids "
3498,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices come with two slices of tomato sauce.  i recommend not using tomato sauce if you're not a big fan of garlic bread.  one of my fav things to do in ny is to eat ny cheese- it's great!  if you are in the mood to try something different, i would definitely recommend israel.  i will definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" amazing pizza for $10 and half price apps between 4-6 weekdays. can't recommend this place enough. all pizza recipes that we've tried are perfectly balanced and full of high quality ingredients. ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a sal's special pizza "
3499,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh every time we come in and the fresh mozzarella cheese is gooey and melted. they are also generous portions with great value. i highly recommend people to ask their pizza chef what they make and how much they spend. lucky me."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must "
3500,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  sauce on the pizza is so good!  i crave it all the time.  every other meal is good, even the dessert  i made with real whipped cream.  i am a fan!  i will definitely come back here!  the pizza is sooo good!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version "
3501,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are soo good! i crave it all the time.  the other sandwiches and salads are really good too, but i prefer the thicker crust with more product.  some really tasty chicken tenders!   we really need a skinny dipping sauce.  it really goes well with the crispy chicken.  i almost never use aluminum foil but it's the least expensive and it tastes awesome charred."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the pizza and pork buns."" this "
3502,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are perfect for sharing - give them to each other or portion-out. i highly recommend sharing one large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but still very tasty and requires only minor adjustments in cooking. the white is great too, but the artichoke hearts and spinach are just downright amazing. the sauce is also tasty, and you can make an awesome sauce that "
3503,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked - all the ingredients you order are perfectly balanced and seasoned. the quality of the cheese used is top notch as it's homemade, italian-style parmesan with small amounts of parmesan and fresh mozzarella. the sauce is also awesome, thick and smooth as it is and goes well with the pizza.   bottom line - if you like thick crust pizza and have never had thin crust pizza before, you need to get out a pizza peel and slice.  if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting that with a more traditional pizza,  though. or the white :)  you will have your pizza, for the price it is a good one.  i would "
3504,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  store opens at noon and remains open until dark.  no one under 21 years old allowed.  i would advise against driving through there if you are under 21."" cole slimes is back!  it's been awhile since their closed down location was next to l and sp, so i was excited when my boyfriend found out they reopened as cole slimes with a large growler of wine cellar.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the large pizza with pepperoni and sausage and "
3505,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and melt cheese will set you back $7.50!!!!!! yum!!"" rated 4.5 stars based on 4 reviews total ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all "
3506,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so Goooood! amazing crust and cheese! piping hot and goes great with a salad! what more could you ask for?"" ""the thin crust pizza here is good, but the thick or deep dish is a nice touch you don't miss. i also try to go a little lighter on the gas so you can have some pizza after a long drive. but I have to say after walking all evening and counting how many times i've said to myself, ""there must be a better pizza out there!"" i have to say i've definitely tried more traditional pizza places, but this one just took away the garlic heads and i got to eat crow again.   the slices are pretty large, probably because i'm a big fan "
3507,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are about 2/3 cheese, or about 1/2 pepperoni, and they are unbelievable. melts cheese well, and the flavors really synced up. i didn't realize they had gloves on, but they always keep their hands off my food.  if you don't like cheese pizza, you can always eat pizza with pepperoni and  sauce. i mostly eat it with pepperoni and sausages.  if you are allergic to pepperoni, you can always ask.  i understand, but i still get the pizza every time and i'm a fan!"" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome.""  "
3508,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are thin and delicious. should share...if you need a quick bite while shopping for pizza you can always go to the restaurant and order from there.  during warmer weather this is one of the best patios around. i really want this place to succeed.  this location has been cursed by so many failed restaurants.  in my opinion, this place should be around for a long time.  it's nice to have a classier, unpretentious wine and martini bar on the west side of town."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well-priced "
3509,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily. customer and server alike are greeted with a warm and fresh cup of cappuccino. dogs are compartmentalized into appropriate portions and are allowed to play with the treats under table. no one under 21 years old may consume alcohol on this property.   yes, i am aware that is against the bylaw. yes, i am aware that is against the bylaw.  i am a big fan of local pizza and will most definitely be back.  the place is cool and happy, even on a lazy sunday.  i order delivery on that as well."" great pizza and great beer selection! consistently good pizza and excellent beer selection. amazing service. consistently good pizza and excellent beer selection. "
3510,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way.    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with "
3511,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices {cheese} are so good!   they also have a great sangria option, which is good if you're after that.   however you slice it, it's all delicious!   i also tried the grilled garlic chicken and it was equally as good!   once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  you will have food left over to take home. being able to take out your cheese board and eat it with your family is a wonderful thing. taking out a large slice and sharing it with your friends is even better.  taking out the olives, adding some to your pizza and top it "
3512,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are thin, melt and they are delicious.  note: i don't know if this has ever been reported before.  if you know someone who has eaten at this restaurant, please write them so we can verify this is true.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy "
3513,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so dang tasty   making sure you pick your own toppings is a must.  pickled jalapeno is delicious too, but only if you ask for it.  otherwise, it's gross.   you really can't go wrong with the pizzas, and any small can be done in whole wheat dough which is great if you wanna be a bit healthier.  I definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover and any small can be done in whole wheat dough, too."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world "
3514,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each time we eat here and the cheese is freshly grated. each pizza is about 11 inches, and is about medium/thin thickness. it is a great lunch with friends who don't want to sit through another slice of pizza eating cheese.  they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped "
3515,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, melt cheese and pepperoni and topped with baby pepperonis, sausages, and tomatoes.  i can still taste the spicy bbq smell of the charcoal grinder in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.  no gum for me, i'm still enjoying my pizza.  tasty ingredients all around, and a good price with the sesame seeds and whole30 compliant blah blah.  yum!!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is "
3516,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and hachapuri (a type of pork) were also on hand to give away.  will definitely return to try some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as "
3517,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!!  i would also endorse the sausages, which are amazing.   they are thin slices with lots of cheesy so they're great for sharing with your table.  i also tried the mushroom pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and spinach leaves ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be  ground up ) and it was delicious.    you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you gonna do that?  you can build me a pizza or something.  i am a fan and i will most definitely be back."" ""while shopping in the strip, "
3518,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i doubt i have ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the wait staff is very friendly and the only thing that always seems to be a problem is the pizza is just a touch too burnt.  i always finish theirs and come back for the crust.  assuming no one else complains, i will definitely come back to try those again.  whenever i have a pizza fix, i will definitely come back!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid "
3519,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are 'rotten' and should be removed from the menu.  note that although some items are on the small size menu, many are large enough to share and very filling indeed!  advise sharing pizza with your table as there is no right or wrong way to eat pepperoni's...it's just refined yummy deliciousness!  my husband and i both love their food and will most definitely be back!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and an order of bread with cheese. the pizza was great and they made sure we were covered from head to toe with cheese. we also ordered a lot more food because we were staying at a while back. the pizza was good, "
3520,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and you can make an awesomeoburger sandwich using slices of either.  i highly recommend both!"" ""the thin crust pizza is a perfect go-to when pizzaoning.  the thick or deep dish is a nice side with some hot buns on it!  i also like to bring back some of the garlic bread and roll it in cornmeal too!  my kids love their thin crust pizza and the hummus.    the Hummus is also amazing, stuff like this will fuel the whole day!  my only complaint is that the cardboard box the hummus is in is small and poorly ventilated, possibly because it's being prepared as a drop in pizza, but i don't know that it's ever been "
3521,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  sauce is so good and the family ate the whole pizza!  must endorse!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. we also tried the housemade grape tomato salsa, which they also make a great drink. in our "
3522,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily 5-6 weeks of the year. slices are around $3-4, and they are good for sharing... or one slice for under $5. they also have sustainably caught fish n chips, which i highly recommend!   the staff is fantastic! they always seem to be happy, and are decently engaged. i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving, anytime, anywhere!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratw "
3523,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really good. nice and cheesy, and perfectly baked to go with their tomato sauce. they were even willing to give me a real cheese grater so i can make pizza purely of cheese! i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover in need of a tasty, cheap, and tasty eatery near you."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor "
3524,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.  place has always been cool and happy. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full.  i highly recommend people to try this pizza if they are in the mood to try something different."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one "
3525,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are very, very good!  note that they are polite, so if you don't feel like talking to them you can always just order the pizza and be happy."" ""i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down. this is real pizza. real mozzarella. real spinach. real italian sausage. real fresh mozzarella. all of the ingredients are good. it is the best piece of pizza i ever had and the environment is great. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all of your seafood pasta needs. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of "
3526,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are piping hot when they come out of the oven. they are literally like the real deal, no fakes, no fake cheese, just quality to go around. i would highly recommend this place for any pizza craving but on the pricey side, especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.   i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty. everything is hand made to order.   the condiments are good "
3527,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good! i crave it all the time. and the husband is a huge pizza fan as well. i'll definitely be back to have more such an awesome cheese pizza."" ""went for my birthday dinner. so yummy! the decor is absolutely amazing. i fell in love, so classy, so chic, perfect for my bday celebration. i wanted pizza and what a good choice it was! we started with the pizza and cheese bread. food is amazing. i'm not entirely sure why all the people in here are so friendly, but they always seem to be happy.   during warmer weather, this is one of the best pizza places in pittsburgh. i definitely recommend coming here. but to avoid the crowds "
3528,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also great.  each one is made fresh and amazing.  i will definitely come back here!  the service is always friendly and prompt, and the food yum.  great experience walking into a...  (6) slices of cheese are a nice change of pace from the normal pizza slice.  i especially enjoy having extra cheese on the side to munch on before bedtime.  (8) pieces of cheese are definitely worth the price of admission!  i would also order the small cheese bread with no extra toppings because it is SO good!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna noodles, a tomato sauce mix, cheese, pepperoni, sausage, egg "
3529,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly ground -- perfect for sharing or one very big slice for leftovers."" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting the finishing touches together on the look and presentation, and are not quite all set up, but they are only open for 3 weeks and they haven't had their official grand opening, but i will definitely be back and recommend it to everyone! i mean at the "
3530,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made with whole wheat crust so you can eat both right out of the oven.  i don't why but i always get a slice of pizza where i can eat a whole slice of pizza and be full.  which is something i strive to be more of all the time.    while the crust is good, the toppings and condiments are also delicious.  each slice is unique so be sure to ask for to go with you.  i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving but most importantly, for any pizza that tastes good deep fried and  has a patty and cheese pizza that doesn't cost you money. ""you get a patty and a couple of slices of pizza and you're good to "
3531,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices thinly sliced tomatoes, garlic balls, and sausages.  i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also tasty.    we will definitely be back."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and an order of bread with salad. the pizza was great and they gave us a hand dipped cheese bread to take home. we ignored the garlic bread and tomato wedges that came with the pizza. they were so good! i took "
3532,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, tasty and incredibly convenient when ordering takeout.  pizza sauce is a by-the-pound organic sauce that's saved the day twice at my restaurant.  tldr: great place to get your veggies when ordering out! recommend the mussels, salads and toppers as well as the many sandwich options that come with it.  5 stars all the way!"" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  the sauce was so good and the breadsticks awesome.  a ticket to california tomorrow and Friday and Saturday only and dont forget to ask for the spicy oil.  i would highly recommend this place for any type of pizza you want to make sure you can trust "
3533,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really nice pizza ! yummmmm ! good place to go !!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. 85% off bottles of wine. unlimited hot dogs and fries. 24hr delivery and pick up. unlimited water bottle refills. 24hr delivery and pick up. unlimited large slice salad for $7.50. 24hr delivery and pick up. unlimited large slice pizza for $14.99. 24hr delivery and pick "
3534,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are fairly large and you can eat two slices and be full.  advise sharing one large with your table as it is extremely filling."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.  far from classic, cibo takes italian and turns it calgarian with modern menu items, super-fresh, super local ingredients in dishes you can't help but share and hipster-turned-friendly servers willing to laugh with the guests.  "
3535,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh every time we eat here and the cheese is melted and divided among the slices like it's the cheese lane at ramada.   homemade feta melts in your mouth and the crust keeps a chewy consistency with a slight crunch. the feta in the salsa is super yummy and does not taste like she's had it in ages. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. they are also very tasty. please do not substitute the products of birth.  ehn, i have a feeling that is not the case."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want "
3536,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are good too, but i recommend trying the more """"special"""" toppings first.  you really can't go wrong with the pizzas, and any small can be done in whole wheat dough which is great if you wanna be a bit healthier.  there are a few beers on tap, and they do a good job of highlighting their selections.   i also tried the mushroom pizza, which is basically a spicy mushroom pizza with spinach.  it's pretty good too, but i prefer the fresh, ground, uncooked version.  there are a few dipping sauces, and they both have toppings that you can add to it.  i used peanut butter and jelly for dipping, and i'm a fan of garlic "
3537,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices; thin; medium; thick; anyone - ANY combination; includes feta cheese on the side; sold in slices of 10; contains no added oils, butter, or corn syrup."" so i don't give out 5 stars unless i can give you a deal on a drink. i've seen them called the ""drunken needles"" on yelp but they really are the best pizza ever. so for $5 you get a large slice with all the toppings you want. really tasty. i would totally order that again. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciut "
3538,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, feta and hummus. food is so F*cking good, i think i am addicted to it now. it's addicting. also, the regular version is good too, just a touch better.   every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and agnolotti. i also "
3539,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are equally good, if not better, in my opinion.  i prefer adding extra herbs to mine, but i think it gives it a little more zing.    i want to emphasize how important a good slice is! we ordered a large pizza and an order of bread with cheese on it. the large pizza was awesome! i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that. it was also states of the art, according to Yelp.  delivery dudes gotta love that sort of thing.    the order arrived exactly at 5:30 on a saturday, which is practically impossible to get to on a saturday.  we ordered a large pizza and an order of bread with "
3540,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made with scratch made tomato sauce and fresh mozzarella, which is great if you're looking for something really tasty. the crust is fluffy, chewy, almost like pizza wheel, and the ratio of cheese/sucks is off.  hence the name.  also worth noting that the pizza is made fresh from scratch--no frozen crusts or canned sauce.  food is excellent.  pizza is delicious, and they always have nice treats on hand.  hahahaha."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i suppose you could always ask them to please just bring you "
3541,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also delicious, but i prefer the cheesy deliciousness of a real brand-name. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. they are also often fresh and cuter than the cardboard slice they come with.    in my less than stellar experience as a waitress, i have yet to hear one negative comment about my pizza.  that is saying a lot considering the thousands of slices of pizza i have passed through my course of 8-10 inch pizza.   one of the best things about being a waitress is that you get to try many different kinds of pizzas!  my favorite is the real deal, it's the real deal.    i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend "
3542,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices for 3rmb so you can eat whole and get a nice thick crust. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  some good places that i've been to put a little medley of things, which it had but was just olives, and those green things that end in cini.  there's a place in seattle that i have yet to find which compares.  these guys put rice "
3543,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each and every time we eat here! their spinach dip is very good! we crave it all the time! i think it's great that they're so environmentally conscious! everyone needs to go here! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the "
3544,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices = (large slice) cost $0.50!  deliver pizza to your table and you'll have yourself a tasty snack while you wait for your order.  delivery dudes are nice."" i can't believe i forgot to mention they were open monday, january 9th. we assumed it was because of the big game night but we never knew. jesus christ. i wanted to go a different route and ordered a pasta and sandwich instead. the wait time on the pizza was 45mins. previous visits were a 15min wait. i ended up giving them a 10min wait because i felt it would have been more efficient that way. let me tell you, it was not long after setting foot into town that i noticed they "
3545,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices of true prosciutto heaven. little did we know they had that ""eh"" factor -- we were just walking by and taking pics.   service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.   tables have paper covers and crayons, and cheesecakes are made fresh and  is delicious with sprinkles of powdered  on top.   while some of the desserts are made daily specials, I found them to be quite tasty with extra crispy hand-cut fries and a dollop of vegan chocolate chip cookies.   service was also prompt and courteous even though some tables were left open."" ""i was "
3546,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! badly burned cheese is the worst.  they also give out coupons for 20% off on dinners!! seriously, go try it out and if you are in the mood to try something different, then by all means, you can always go ahead and order the pizza as is and save the coupons!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  we were looking for a tasty dish to impress someone and came across this place.  great pizza and badly so.  great pizza and good sauce.  mix and match the ingredients and you have a great pizza.  although i don't know anyone who has never had a bad experience with this place, i would imagine that many people have avoided the restaurant because of "
3547,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily 6 - 8am - sorry no table that late.  we ordered the white pie with garlic balls and he took care of the presentation.    the white pie was absolutely delicious.  they use fresh ingredients and it tastes amazing too.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that the hummus is just mainly piled on top in the center instead of spread uniformly over the pizza as a base. so basically you eat the pizza with veggies on it, and then take a spoon to the center to get the hum "
3548,5,Positive, Cheese Pizza slices are like home-made marinara-t! i like it a lot better than th... read more   GLENN 19 4  delicious rich dough with awesome sauce. we loved the pizza cheeze pullapka and spicy salami. i also tried the spicy salami and it was de... read more   TIFFANY 0 1  this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's hidden in a strip mall attached to a gas station. who on earth would think this would have been one of tempe... read more   lauren g 25 11 we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sund 
3549,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are the real deal!  handmade in pieville by one of my very favorite pizza joints, kfc is a locally owned business that really puts you back to work!  every slice is made fresh and delicious and the staff is always friendly and prompt.  on little surprise was the """"check in"""" on facebook and see if anyone ordered via conveyor belt.  obviously not, so we assumed they must not have ordered via conveyor belt.  so we waited for the right moment and when we walked in a few minutes before 10:30 they came straight to our table!  sort of weird but we got a table anyway and we all headed over.  upon arrival of our food i was a bit shocked by how generous the portions were "
3550,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good! i crave it all the time. other than that, the pizza is good, and the husband is satisfied.  cheeese is such a nice guy."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars if i could. it's easily one of my favorite pizza places in the country. i think the sauce is on point--trying new flavors is fun! but it's the dough that matters to me. i'm a fan of the hot cookies too, but they need to add some salt. it's definitely good cold, too."" ""the pizza is really, really good! we were looking for a vegan pizza that was as delicious as pizza hut offers, and if lasagna was any indication, "
3551,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices for 25 cents, and the crust is made from scratch! no other cheeses, no relishes, just delicious. 25 cents on a great pie! i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza requiring thin crust please"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the high roller and "
3552,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are sooo gooey and they are delicious cold.  i also tried the mushroom cheese bread which was very good.  the wedges are very nicely flavored and crispy.  i like wedges a lot.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also tasty.  in my opinion, wedges are better suited for dipping into the sauce than being piled on top of the pizza as a topping.  we will definitely be back."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead "
3553,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are the best i've ever had, thin and crispy crust cooked to perfection and the cheese curds really taste like they come from a real cow. they aren't fake, they taste realtive and fresh. when combined with a good glass of wine, the curds are the perfect complementing course with a cappuccino or two.   www.lucidkid.com  they also carry a ton of other cool stuff, mostly pizza addicts throwing parties."" ""at first glance, the neon signs outside looks inviting.  but once you walk in, you'll quickly realize that this is a pizza shop for adults only.  young people should definitely come in here instead of having a field day throwing coins at "
3554,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are like the magic number one when it comes to cheesy, salty, and truly divine.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun.  which is kind of gross."" ""i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) in 2003 when i was at university so i can you that not only is the food delicious, this is a lovely family restaurant that treats its staff very well.   i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amelia "
3555,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are not homemade, but i trust them more than most people realize.  the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy, and when you take a bite you smell like a class act from across the street.  i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i ordered kabuli pizza and a generic american sandwich. the food was great and the service was great.  they took longer than expected to come out and they were happy to give us a chance to try their food.  in a surprise "
3556,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and tomato wedges with sauerkraut and mustard on the side - oh so good!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.    this place is always great my husband and i. great pizza and fast delivery. highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the entire thing myself!  the service was "
3557,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are small and delicious. another great thing to try is to ask for the spicy salami bit. that is what this review is all about. i don't regret a single bite!   i ordered my personal touch of style with this super yummy sauce: white pizza, mushroom pizza, and zucchini pizza. super yummy! i wore it all day yesterday, and it was still looking good after being under a microscope of chlorine.   will definitely be back"" my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a couple of wings. the pizza was amazing and they were out of this world. they were thin crust, really flavorful, and it was a very affordable "
3558,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are nothing to sneeze at all.  can you imagine how many slices you could have eaten if you just ate one slice?  imagine if we could have eaten a whole slice and been sat right?  i definitely have a sneaking suspicion that there is some sort of secret sesame or vegetable oil cookie or salad that goes well with the cheesy crust... i don't know but it was delicious!  popsicle sticks are also nothing to sneeze at all.  you can buy them in a glass here, too.  I prefer the white though.  my husband does both and says they are good together.  if you want to try them both you can either order them apart or swap one with the pizza.  i am "
3559,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each time we come in. hot and fresh, with or without the parmesan crust. it doesn't matter. we come back again and again. for breakfast, lunch or dinner, anything is good."" ""delicious pizza! i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that the hummus is just mainly piled on top in the middle instead of spread uniformly over the pizza as a base. so basically you eat the pizza with veggies on it, and then take a spoon to the center and eat the hummus too! i don't know why all the hype is around this hummus!!! it "
3560,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are equally as good or better than store bought. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!    there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly builds a cult following. it's pretty difficult to find decent pizza anywhere outside of gracie, it should be noted. if you're not satisfied with the pizza you order, you can always return it for a full and i'd expect to see some yummy-duck pizza builds on yelp.   you must try the diavola pizza, it's incredible!"" ""the pizza is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. the wings are good "
3561,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are the stuff of legend, and the cheefers are pretty good too. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. imagine a thin crust with a thin layer of cheese and they were good. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this "
3562,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are hand cut and cooked to order.   they are so good!! i crave it all the time.  we also got lucky enough to sit in on a quickie few days before the actual launch and managed to snag two slices of cheese pizza. lucky us. i don't know why there aren't more quickie places opening up around here... maybe it's because it's such a small town, but i sure as heck wasn't expecting to see so many restaurants near the sports book on a weekend day."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. "
3563,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!!  breadsticks are also homemade, fresh and cutlery is excellent!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we are not a huge pizza fan but this is a good go-to place when i need a quick bite while shopping."" ""i stopped in here for a slice of pizza and a beer. and, wow, was i happy i did!  the slice was huge and it was delicious, really.  i am a heavy drinker myself so, i appreciate that they offer a lemon slice as an after-dinner snack.  in my opinion, this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family.  i will definitely stop back in and try their pizza again "
3564,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so so so good! i crave it all the time. my only complaint is that i wish i had taken a picture of the pizza's hand-washing process so you could see the white used for the detergent, but i kind of wish i had taken a picture of the pizza itself as it is such a unique and delicious flavor. if you are ever in cleveland, you must go to mcgill.  there is plenty to see and do, and the pizza is a fabulous fall treat."" ""facepalm this is the best pizza i have ever had and the guys are so nice. i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto! the only problem was waiting for the pizza to come. they "
3565,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, you can always count on them. crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.   every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza...think spinach, artichoke hearts and baby artichoke hearts...smooth, chewy and absolutely to die for.  who else sells you a (potentially) 24-hour pizza delivery service?  you will not be disappointed to order from them."" ""i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i normally order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously. my go to is a medium "
3566,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are almost always really, really good. also, remember to ask for the ranch dressing to be added to the hot cheese cheese. i think it adds a lot of flavor to it."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the live dj when you walk in. ""it's not that "
3567,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. slices are delicious hot or cold, hot cookies or  making leftovers.  fresh ingredients and a homemade sauce made with parmesan and greek salad ingredients. each slice is made to order - no exceptions.  parmesan is to die for - it is the perfect complimenting crunchy topping of fresh herbs, topped with crumbled feta.  if you don't like feta,  you can always eat the crust and cheese along with the salad and enjoy the hummus.  again, no   refills or exchanges.  just desserts that you can eat whatever you like."" ""disappointed that we didn't try more dishes.  that pizza wasn "
3568,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices (at least for me).   the other sandwiches were good, but not great.  i prefer the big cheese with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.;)"" ""i ordered a cheese pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.;) did not feel like eating a bland cheese with no vegetables. ;)"" ""i am a big fan of a good meat eaters pizza, and this is a good go-to when i am in the mood for some serious meat reduction.  highly recommended!"" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the strommen are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients "
3569,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made from scratch with fresh mozzarella, basil, eggplant and chocolate... oh so good! they are topped with baby pepperoni, sausages, green pepper, onions and bacon... oh so yummy!   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!""  "
3570,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly ground, no frozen coating or changes made to the crust. the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies to all of their pizza too. but the slices are sooo yummy <3  when i walked in a few minutes before 11:30 they were just coming out of the oven. they were hot and fresh and the wait staff was very friendly.   by the looks of all the other reviews they seem pretty busy at all, so i will definitely come back. if you haven't been here yet you really should go. i will definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" ""we went here to eat after the high roller "
3571,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices from a small shop selling really good pizza.  omg so glad we did,  it was awesome.  pizza was great, but i ordered a large slice and they were right back to normal.  great atmosphere,  well lit, and friendly servers willing to laugh with the guests.  i definitely will come back to this place :)"" don't want to say too many things positive as i don't want it to get too crowded.  great pizza and salads. very neighborly! highly recommend. ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great salad and great dressing. highly recommend the eggplant pizza. the dough is made fresh! the salad pizza looks good, although "
3572,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are arguably the coolest things i've ever seen on yelp.  hence the hype around the pizza.   we ordered the mushroom pizza and hot lips (i remember one with jalapeno cheese and he was generous with the toppings he gave me).  the crust was thin and crisp, giving it a homemade feeling.   i followed his advice and added some to my pizza as well.  the result was delicious, and i will definitely add mushrooms to my regular pizza rotation.    while i was there, i tried one of there milkshake flavors, and i must say that it was not to spicy for me.  rather than give them a hard time for not giving me my milksh "
3573,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices at about 25 cents apiece, which is a good deal for a slice of pizza that's basically handmade. my only complaint is that my cheese pizza didn't have as much cheese as my half is cheese and it still had a good flavor.  that's the only reason i wouldn't give it a 5 star rating."" ""the pizza was really good! they have a really nice selection at a really good price. they also have really good thin crust pizza so we decided to bring in the big 2013 and try the big pizza.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant was pretty empty save for 3 or 4 people coming in and leaving.  i would definitely come back to try that pizza. :)"" "
3574,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are equally, if not more, delicious than the regular cheese pizza.  i particularly like the thin crust version ($9.95).    i ordered a garlic bread appetizer with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  everything is good, and the delivery guy is nice!"" delicious huge slices for reasonable prices. they come hot and immediately are hot. tasty breadsticks too. ""they look familiar, do you know they have cheese on them? i assume there is some kind of dip or sauce they use. i have had cheesesteaks and ny style pizza and these are just good."" ""i ordered 2 xl pizzas, the m "
3575,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are great when you need to go vegan but i highly recommend going the pizza route and ordering the rings instead. i went with the pride of place ny pizza and my pizza ate 30 seconds sooner! props to you, pride! :)"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in "
3576,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh! they are also hot and fresh!  a must have!! yum!!"" 27-year-old julia is a regular on the strip and a regular on the cool side. She said hello when I called. ""Hello! I'm a little confused by all the calls and emails asking if i'm ok.  I'm fine if you don't want to order cheese pizza or a hot cookie.  my go-to is to get the hot cookie while waiting for the other one to come, because it's so much healthier.    anyway, i wanted to try something different. i thought it would be fun to order a pizza with pepperoni, and there were a few different varieties that "
3577,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and is leftovers,"" wrote one on yelp. ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the time. the specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. my friends had "
3578,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. mild but still delicious. they are so good not to eat just once. if you get dessert, the cheesecake is sooo goooood! i get dessert once a month and some of the desserts are  delicious ."" "" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. "" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. "" great pizza, great price. we came for sunday lunch. and the place was pretty empty due to all the go go go "
3579,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are like fresh goat cheese, minus the salt. i highly recommend sharing one slice with your table as it's a little intense eating alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. all i ordered was pizza, but my husband had requested a catering menu item and i was happy to oblige! based on feedback from other yelpistas i know that plenty of people are happy to pay a little extra for catering their event.         when you eat at a restaurant that provides a good pizza, you'll want to go back again.  no matter your tastes, sweet "
3580,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are great.  guys, i'm not a real pizza lover...but the thought of excellent cheese, at a fraction of the price, and having a large pizza melts my face.  yummy, yummy, and the husband is a fan too!  truly unique take on a great pizza, that i will definitely return to. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, "
3581,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices — which cost $8.50 — are among the best pizza places you can find anywhere. They prepare their own cheese and herbs, they're super friendly, and the store brand breadsticks are perfectly baked and seasoned.   i went to their pizza """"rodizio"""" yesterday, which is happening every thursday of this month. for those who still don't know what a rodizio is, i'm saving you a google search: you pay an amount and waiters keep bringing you food until you say you're full or you explode, whatever happens first.  i was expecting to eat just pizza, but they had a small pasta and salad buffet that was included in the price of $20/person. the lasagna "
3582,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and hot buns. great on the go breakfast!   fried chicken and waffles for the kids are nice and all, and often fall victim to the kids eating too much too soon.   who on earth would i go to church with my kids - especially when they ask us what kind of soda we would like and we all laugh nervously.   all i ordered was pizza and i think it was pretty good, despite the weird topping. i really want the kids to go to church - and for that i am forever grateful.   it was very busy at all and the waiters had to come over to help us.   they must have missed a good thing since they all came over and ordered "
3583,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each time we come in!  delicious and all vegan cheese- free alternatives!  i love it when a pizza conveys that it's a family affair with cheese curds, onions, peppers, and mozzarella cheese.  pizza cheese is a keeper.   there's more to this type of pizza, but this type hits the spot!  we enjoyed everything we had today, and i'll be back for sure!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, a salad, some veggies, some hummus, some hummus florentine, some to go, some breadsticks, some to share, "
3584,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are similar to those found in the U.S.A. and the slices are often very tasty. however, the U.K. and other European countries that make use of whole wheat cheese often omit the cheese if it is too hard of a cheese to eat without feeling stuffed for stinky pants afterwards.  so, i recommend asking in the comments if you want to be spanked for not asking.  or, you know, just walking away if you don't want to eat the pizza again."" ""my deliverer was fast and friendly, this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  oh and the tangiest tango in town!!!  i would order this pizza again on de la montagne just under st "
3585,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! the delivery guy always comes in with a big smile on his face and he always gives me a big hug on the inside! i love that kind of attitude.        other than pizza, what else can i say about this place other than it has a lot going for it.        it's not coccia house,  it's not kensington,  it's not fancy,  it's pretty damn good...for a pizza delivery business,  it's a pretty darn good one."" ""it's not coccia house,  it's not kensington,  it's not fancy,  it's pretty darn good...for a pizza delivery "
3586,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked - just the type of food you would expect to find at a britney stone fare. the conga dip is a delicious fusion of spinach, tomatoes, and sweet white onions. the crust is crunchy and chewy, and the sauce is a flavorful rich tomato sauce. each slice is topped with delicious homemade roasted garlic balls. finally, after an intense day of eating pizza, and with a few curries, you can get some delicious black olives. just something i will definitely go back to! highly recommended!!"" ""the pizza was really good! they have a really nice selection of pizza's that they bring to the table. they also have a nice wine and cocktail bar.  i recommend "
3587,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really nice pizza here.  great slice with fresh vegetables and delicious sauce.  i really want this place to succeed.  this slice really is exceptional."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was "
3588,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are extremely thin and fall apart easily.  therefore, we always ask for extra large.  i recommend people toketo for breadsticks and tofu for ice cream.  any extra cheese is gravy.  on the flip side of things, i recommend people to try the cheesecake whether you like crust or not. i really don't know why people don't just give it a try.  after all, it's been my tradition ever since guys opened on coventry rd and the only problem we've had is bad experiences.  hopefully this won't be your last chance to try it."" ""guy's pizza co. coventry rd. check in here first thing in the morning for a slice of late night pizza. "
3589,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i also tried the housemade ziti pasta, which of course was wonderful.  cheeese was also tasty, although i don't know why more pizza restaurants aren't promoting this dish.    fingers crossed for us!  we need one more pizza and/or desert shop across the street and we can officially call this stretch of coronado bordering 7th street: the pie district."" ""excellent pizza -- the best delivery i've had. tasty and not too greasy.   love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.   fantastic pizza and socially conscious -- we just found our new go"
3590,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really thin and fall apart easily.  i prefer buying packs of 10 to purchasing just one.  10 rounds of sliced cheese = 4 ounces of cheese.  40-fillers = 6 ounces of cheese.  8-piece cheesecake = 9 ounces of cheese.    i really wish i had taken a picture of the cheesecake when it came out of the oven.  it would have been awesome to see the crust before and after the cheesecake is added.  i wish i took a picture so you could see the cheesecake sitting on the rack, i kinda wished i had ordered it separately.  because of the location of the oven, it took longer to bake the cheesecake because i was closer to the center "
3591,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and deep fried garlic clove is what makes it so good. then once you dig in you will find yourself wishing there was more because it was not all that bad.   the diavola pizza with spicy salami and sweet potato fries is equally as good. if you cannot stomach the wait you can always ask for the spicy salami part to be removed.   either way you eat it be sure to ask for the spicy salami because it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  very clean and orderly , very friendly and prompt servers and very good pizza and very good pizza and chips.  cheers!"" "
3592,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are loaded with prosciutto, onions, and sausages making it the perfect snack between bites of pizza.  note: i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a brilliant idea!    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner "
3593,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also delicious!  super duper cheesy, delicious topped with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really a fun place.  i will definitely come back and try some more!  yummy pizza, fries, and pepperonis!"" ""fries are good, sandwiches are solid, and the chicken alfredo pizza is a winner for any fan of good meat-friendly pizza.  plenty of space between tables, very little table service, and very friendly servers who obviously care about their food.  mine was never overcrowded nor was it uncomfortable serving everyone."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and a cheese "
3594,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are sooo goooood! i usually get the pepperoni or add hot peppers to it... i don't really like either one but they are good! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy... another favorite! i am a big fan of the hot cookies though and so are all the other patrons!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors.  can't wait to try something different tomorrow."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. tasty, cheap snacks (arugula). beautiful space - the decor "
3595,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, bacon cheese pizza and omg so does the spinach dip. it's so delicious! when im in town  again i will be coming here ""  i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the pizza with georgian sauce but found the pizza too thick. so we ordered a salad and enjoyed a smoothie together. my only negative experience so far was that we were a little early for my husband to come over and they took so long to come over that i had to double check they came over.   will definitely come back for the pizza alone or as a couple and have some serious celery. i would also "
3596,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, delicious and cheese is made fresh and ground turkey is ground into fine meal. each slice is approximately 4 inches, and the crust is about 8 inches thick. each one is about 20 slices, and given that most pizzas are between 10 and 14 bucks, that is a good bet.   i recommend people to bring along their own glasses of wine or beer because some of the best pizza in the city is made with fresh ingredients. also, i know it's weird, but i really liked the cold pressed juices from the tap water bottle. they come as a complimentary appetizer with some hot buns on the side - really delicious.   one of the best i've had in arcadia area was at "
3597,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, tasty & quick.  store-bought cheese doesn't do it justice!  plenty of hot buns for the office party!  will definitely be back  if you're in the area."" bruno was recommended to us by a good friend and they did not stear us wrong.  one of the best pizzas we have had in a long time.   the sauce was so good and the staff was great.  on little surprise was the cesar salad. the owner shared that they make all their own dressings so we had to give it a try spook good. give bruno a try and the only problem you'll have is trying to figure out when to return to try something different. "
3598,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are similar to that found in cheddar cheese pizza, except that the cheese is melted and the slices are made with cottage cheese, which gives them a homemade feeling. i prefer the mild cheese pizza found in cheese curds to the spheroids found in cheddar. both have toppings that need to be added, and most importantly of all, of all, of all people, i have absolutely no idea why anyone would choose these toppings over something more basic, like normal, roasted chicken.  once again, i say once again to the pizza how it's supposed to be: with or without the spicy oil, that is the main difference.  after so many experiences at other pizza hut shops, i can tell you without a doubt that "
3599,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are increasingly expensive when the slices are such a hit!  fortunately for us that didn't stop us from trying many other types of sandwiches, hot wings, and even pizza on the go!  upon arrival of our food i was pleased to see that all of the slices were actually good!  that may have been the surprise of the meal, but i did notice that some of the slices were very thin and the other ones were extremely thick.  i think it was the onions that ruined the flavor, though.  some of the flavors from the sandwiches were amazing and i will definitely return!  i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about this place!  they should really check this place out!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! "
3600,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices - $6.75 adv; small salad for $3.75; pop up pasta free with purchase; 3pc chicken mix - $9.; cheese pizza - $12.; chicken tenders - $9.50; and sourdough pizza – $9.50. orders taken after 6 are considered full.   i personally love the house made spicy salami and the hummus dip.  they also make a good pizza crust and toppings.  my only complaint is that they don't make me a pepperoni slice I can eat cold, and my mouth hurts from eating too much cheese.  if you are area, i would definitely recommend rwb."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly "
3601,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  yes, you read that correctly!  each slice is made from scratch  with fresh mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, and fresh herbs ( i don't know that they're tested on animals, but they seem safe) so please do be aware of that and if you feel you need to order a side it's your opinion.    please, come as soon as you can  because we want to please everyone!"" ""we got lucky & got a table for a belated birthday celebration! ordered pizza and 7-up Chicken combo. food is amazing. highly recommend!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a lot of food, "
3602,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are understatedly delicious. source of cheese? Eh, you tell me. if you hate cheese pizza, you can always eat Subway. but for some reason i can't help but think that perhaps giving it a try is a better idea...maybe it's the thought of great grilled cheese and pepperoni and parmesan...maybe. but when pressed, i could easily see why people choose it... ""when my wife and i recently visited, we ordered a pizza spanning three different styles. exactly three slices of pizza, of course. our pizza was complete and piping hot, despite the fact that it was only open for about ten minutes.   we wish that we ended up getting a whole, because we did not suffer through the "
3603,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked every time we eat a slice. slice it with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,, their spinach dip is so so so so good!  it was a great snack before a big game and we look forward to trying it again.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing.  everything was amazing, but we ended up just finishing the pizza and sharing it with the table.  we wish we ended up getting to try everything because we look forward to trying the duck poutine that good!"" ""i can't say enough good things about poutine. i moved to meet these guys a few months ago and have probably visited the restaurant, or had "
3604,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily 5-6 by going through a spiralizing process.  i highly recommend this place for any pizza lover who wants to try something different and wants a good pizza."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon.""  "
3605,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are soooo goooood!  i can still taste the salty parmesan and onion flavor as well as the chew mostacciore and marinara sauce.  the mozzarella cheese is well flavored and the ratio of cheese/size of pizza is good.  i am a bit skeptical of their homemade nachos, but they are a close second when it comes to hot and delicious nacho cheese.    will definitely return, or try one of their regular pizza varieties and let me know what you think!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free crust pizza, lots of appetizers and the cheese curds.  everything "
3606,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and delicious. the parmesan is real and it is the cheese you are looking for. i would highly recommend parmesan breadsticks as well. they are very very good."" ""excellent thin crust pizza!  fresh ingredients, big slices and decent prices. they also have byob, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. i highly recommend trying the gluten free crust pizza as well as the arugula pizza. the arugula is so delicious! the slices are delicious and the rich tomato sauce is a must! i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new y "
3607,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  very friendly and good service! daily must go to ozzie's ny right away! ozzie's is a daily must! ozzie's is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core.  i will be back; it is worth the trip!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i think its time we got a little creative and made this delicious family style pizza instead. we look forward to attempting this delicious crust and topping!"" ""i am a big big fan of a good pizza..this is a good "
3608,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are the stuff of legend. melted cheese Almond milk cheese is light and delicious. cheese curds are light and yummy. they come covered in sautéed onions, all of which melts into perfectly seasoned golden brown sauce. the topping are divine: fresh fruit juices, tomato puree, egg white scramble, and mozzarella cheese. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!   the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, "
3609,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. hot and iced on the go (with my dr. pepperoni), it was delicious. i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.   as much cheese pizza as i eat i ought to be allowed to eat cheese, at least in moderation.  how the heck are they supposed to know? i've eaten here countless times and have never had a bad experience.  the only reason i am giving them 5 is because i feel like a fool for not trying it sooner.  10 min walk from my house on the west side, which was a big help in making this decision.  can't wait to go back "
3610,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, delicious and sandwiches are made fresh, delicious and pasta dishes are home made and delivered in minutes. my husband and i both love their free family meal plans. i highly recommend them."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, et cetera.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  the pizza is great and the socially conscious -- we just found a fun place to eat together."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza "
3611,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily 5-6 weeks in a row. they are the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we ate a delicious baked z "
3612,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made bigger and are significantly cheaper than the typical sandwich size pizza. makes me wonder if there are coupons somewhere... i'll be back ... or again."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on "
3613,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, who would have thought i would be writing a review of this type?!  i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.    the shortbread that came with the pizza was delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in.  we really liked the thin crust chicken wrap pizza we had when we were apart.  they also make a good chilled beverage.  in a surprise though, the 12-inch pizza we ordered for date with the vinaigrette is actually smaller than the one we ordered.  in my defense, i ordered the pizza with mushrooms as an ingredient and they turned out great.   the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was slightly above capacity "
3614,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are small, delicious slices that you can eat anytime and are a great side with some hot buns on it.   the dipping sauces are really tasty and you can make your own dipping sauces by using peanut oil, corn oil, or butter.   be sure to ask for the spicy dipping sauce so you can really taste the difference between mild and hot."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.   i wanted to try something new, so i found the closest ny pizza place to my house. ordered two large pizzas with garlic balls (12) and was happy with "
3615,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are incredible, and the combination of garlic bread, tomato sauce, dried mint, and chilli peppers makes it the de facto mildew antivenom--if you don't want to pay extra, of course."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say i'm a sucker it. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best i've had from a """"fast casual"""" type of restaurant.  i definitely recommend sauce if you're looking for "
3616,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, and melt cheese on the top. smeared with garlic and sausages, all with marinara sauce for dipping. all of it tasted sooo good, i can still taste the zing in my mouth and finger tips of saltiness.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant "
3617,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are hand cut and then the patty melts cheese on top. i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated par "
3618,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are good too!  i usually get two slices, one for myself and one for my husband.  we always have a good cheese pizza or two good slices.  very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.  also try the house made hummus!  it's amazing!  we ate here friday night and it was a very good pizza indeed.    we got lucky tonight as we were given a table with two slices of cheese.  we ordered the pizza and the hummus sandwich.  the pizza was great and we both loved the hummus.    the hummus is great too!  i love feta cheese pizza and make no mistake about it, this is a great recipe for sharing "
3619,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, delicious and local! they are also hot and  healthy! i highly recommend trying the cheese pizza, which is also made fresh and delicious but is a little spartan in taste. while the slices are smaller in number, they are still very good! my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  some good places that i've been to put a little medley of things, which it "
3620,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made in-house using fresh mozzarella cheese, marinara sauce, and fresh herbs.  please do not ask for the spicy sauce because it is not for us.  i suggest you try the milder, red chili oil, which is also very good. the wedges are perfectly cooked and coated in sesame oil and cinnamon.  in my opinion, the toasted wheat bread is even better.  in my opinion.  in my state,  we get a good toasted wheat bread .  if you are area,  please consider making a donation of some of the slices you order to help us continue to eat healthy.  your generosity is greatly appreciated."" ""after seeing britney spears and marin "
3621,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are just that, slices.  they're thin crust pizza in a pizza parlor's display case, complete with sliced cheese and hot sauce on the side - perfect for sharing with your table.    the regular pizza we all love had some sort of spicy mayo, and the cheesesteaks were a pinch salty but still juicy.    i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you""""ll definitely notice that the decor, although clean and super comfortable, is understatedly retro "
3622,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and delicious.  store bought cheese should be avoided.  families love coming here for dinner. we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a large salad and lots of fresh goat cheese. we got lucky & had veggie tacos al pastor! the husband loved the dish. i got to try the chicken cesar salad and it was delicious. i definitely recommend this place to my friends & family. we will be back to try their chicken cesar salad again."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm not crazy about this "
3623,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are $2.50, cheese pizza is $4.50, chicken parm hoagie is $6, fish sandwich is $9, and green chili gringo is $13.50.         i was hoping to find some vegan pizza that doesn't involve consuming raw ingredients, but we will definitely be back for that one!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never "
3624,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices. tiny slices. clean, flavorful cheese. meltsafes? Yes please!!! 4.25 out of 5!!!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, was a perfect blend of pizza and seafood, it was delicious, so will definitely be back!  also, i forgot to mention they have the best seafood pizza in town!!!"" ""we got lucky & got a table! we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,so delicious! the wedges are so good!! we took half home a large slice with extra sauce on top & it was delicious!  also, i forgot to mention they have the best "
3625,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices. please.  at their core, pizza shops are about providing a fun, comfortable, and affordable place for people to enjoy a drink, eat some food, and get together with some family and/or friends and have a great meal.  at their core, most pizza shops are just places where people eat and eat and get togethers to have a great meal.  at their core, most restaurants are just places where people eat and get together to have a great meal.  at their core, most bars are just places where people eat and get together to have a great meal.  at their core, most clubs are just places where people eat and get together to have a great meal.  at their core "
3626,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, marinara chicken and green salad and fries.  i tasted everything and i'll defiantly be back.  very friendly staff, very good pizza and very cheap shipping.  highly recommend!"" ""great pizza!! stumbled upon this place after walking all evening and was pleasantly surprised. walked right in, 25-minute wait, 20-25 dollar pizza, great selection of pizza's, and right next to it is a great beer cave with beers at 48 percent alcohol by volume.  location may have helped, but don't let that fool you -- this is a real stand-alone business that deserves its own spot on the strip."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is "
3627,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and deep fried garlic clove, topped with baby pepperonis and topped with baby pepperonis againt cheese. i am not crazy about all of the garlic clove, but it is what it is...tastes good, anyway."" ""in the past, there were spans when i would order pizza way too often. lately, i've been eating a lot healthier...i'm actually quite good at it! lately, i've been ordering a lot more pizza...i'm liking the Mediterranean pizza!  the crust is soggy and needs to be fixed that's all.   the sauce is really good! i'm loving the healthy salad! and the garlic bread! oh and the mozzarella cheese is great too "
3628,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices.  each one is like a miniature cheese pizza, complete with tomato, jalapeno and garlic for added zing.   when my husband had asked if he meant to say 2 liter bottle, i said no way!  i would happily pay extra for a personalized bottle of wine, but i don't know what the fuss is about throwing out 2+ l  I will continue to go back!  ehn, i ought to come back and try that pizza again.   it has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling.    i also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course was delicious.  the crust was thin and crispy, and the "
3629,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are sooo goooood! given that some seem closed on sundays, that may be a good thing....i'll be back when i'm in town. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, "
3630,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are actually pretty good, if you like thin crust pizza.  note that they are still serving their famous warm cheese pizza, so feel free to ask for the spicy sauce.  my pizza only took like 2 minutes to make, and it was super tasty!  also, feel free to ask for the spicy sauce if you really want it.  it is totally awesome in sauce.  after seeing that britney panettone pizza was an obvious must have, my international cheese pizza was a must.  we both love fresh fruits and veggies, and the mild cheese pizza is a really tasty go-to.    you MUST try their quattro formaggio pizza, as it's sooo goooood!  "
3631,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices = 10 cents each with the exception of the small pizza which is 15 cents each.  i feel bad for the poor souls who have to order tiny slices of pizza because they are too broke to pay the full price.  at least those tiny slices are better than eating the normal sized pizza raw, cold, uncooked.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes because it's baked in your own oven.  no ice cream or cheesecake here, just deliciousness.  also keep in mind that many pizza places have only indoor and outdoor space, so be sure to ask if they have a beer or wine selection."" ""while this may be a new york style pizza, it was made in pie !! "
3632,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are small, perfect flakey crusts seasoned with fresh herbs, topped with baby pepperonis, sausages, and tomatoes, and then deep fried until crispy and melted.  note: i believe the herb/pineapple juice is optional but you can always opt for the pizza sauce if you want!  each pizza is around 11 inches, and the pizza sauce is around 8 inches in diameter. each pizza contains around 5-6 toppings, most of which are delicious. i highly recommend adding some spinach to help boost the vitamin E content of the spinach.  each 5-6 toppings pizza costs around $5-6, and it really does taste like $5-6 worth of food.   i really "
3633,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!!!"" from time to time, my family enjoys a good strong pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have ordered from dominos, which is really gross. ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  anyway, we decided to try out the gluten free pizza place on our street.  we ordered a gluten free garlic bread pizza, a homemade spicy salami, and a large salad.  all three were delicious!  also, i gotta say that we were a little skeptical when we walked in a couple of "
3634,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so mild it hurts my mouth. good place to go!! ""super yummy pizzas and salads! great restaurant! phone (407) 271-6000 ftw! 207 burgers, super yummy fries, and awesome chicken tenders!!  207 burgers, super yummy fries, and awesome chicken tenders!!  207 burgers, super yummy fries, and awesome chicken tenders!!   207 burgers, super yummy fries, and awesome chicken tenders!!   207 burgers, super yummy fries, and awesome chicken tenders!!   207 burgers, super yummy fries, and awesome chicken tenders!!   207 burgers, super yummy fries, and awesome chicken "
3635,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are nothing to sneeze at. deep dish is to die for and so is their service; it's why i am a fan and why everyone should be a fan.   the only downside i experienced was that the glass of wine we ordered was half full and the staff seemed oblivious. perhaps they just took a sip before helping us.   after that, all the other portions were generous and i highly recommend people to get their own pizzas or to bring in their own toppings.   either way, i will definitely eat here again and again. the pizza was made from scratch and it was delicious; it was even tasty cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!"" ""found out about dino's from "
3636,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices.  cheese is a very good cheese to have on hand when pizza-ing others.  if you just want to pick your own pizza, you can always bring in your own crust and bake it yourself.  i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's so good!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we continued to look at the "
3637,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked; all sandwiches are made fresh and delicious; and the dipping sauces are made with real garlic in them. garlic knots are not. make sure to ask for the garlic knots cold before you eat them as they are a little intense. i highly recommend using mild or no-bake toppings on most pizzas. the bbq chicken and rice are so good! if you get dessert, the cheesecake is sooo goooood! i am not a soda drinker at all but i would recommend trying it if you're a fan of desserts."" ""one of the best pizza places in summerlin and piola areas. the pizza is great. the seafood pizza is just okay it doesn't really do "
3638,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, tasty and incredibly convenient to all stations... except for Metro."" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we continued to look at the menu that it had a link to.  it said they were open so we called in our order.   large cheese pizza and 1/2 chicken parm hoagie to go (we did "
3639,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made with fresh mozzarella cheese, marinara sauce, garlic powder, sausages, and pepperoni.   each slice is $7.50, or a couple of slices of pizza normally $9.50.   prices have been confirmed by food court staff, who estimated that about 80% of the time they will be happy to give you a deal on food.  in my case, my husband and i both love their free hot dogs and shake fries.   the other 20% of the time they were very generous with the toppings they gave me and gave me a lot of food for less money.   i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned "
3640,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are prepared daily  by the neighborhood kids so you can expect nothing set in stone.  that said, everything i had is still real and tasty and i highly recommend anyone to try it.  although i may return to try some other georgian dishes.    cheers!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""i came here for the first time as a visiting student.  it's not far from my home, and the pizza was fantastic.  we ordered parmes "
3641,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked - every time. slices are huge and they are delicious cold.  i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which was tasty, but i thought it deserved its own post since it's so good!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers "
3642,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also delicious - thin crunchy crust cooked to perfection over low heat.   the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. they are also very tasty. we usually order one large wedges, and one small wedges. we really want that spinach dip sauce!   we wish that we ended up getting to try everything because we look forward to trying some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, a salad, some hummus, and some to share and he also gave us a soda fountain once the restaurant was packed.  seriously, go ahead and make reservations if you want to try something new and awesome.  we "
3643,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are wonderful. you can get a 10-inch for $2.50 at most grocery stores, so why not go all the way and try it at home instead of at the counter?  and finally, there is the cheese pizza. i almost never eat cheese pizza, but i always finish theirs, they are so good!!   if you are ever in germann, please don't forget to stop by and try their pizza. they have a great pizza and they are very welcoming.  if you are a first-timer, i suggest trying the more conventional cheese pizza instead. the crust is flavorful, and the toppings are fresh and delicious. i usually finish theirs with pepperoni, but if i'm feeling generous "
3644,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices thick and crispy cooked cheese on top, topped with baby pepperonis, sausages, and tomatoes.  note : this definitely needs a thick slice with some sauce.  in my previous reviews I have mentioned that this is a good go-to pie when i am craving some serious cheese curds.  in my humble opinion, this is the best pizza i have ever had in my life.   the white pizzas are absolutely amazing - soft-shell crab flesh cooked to perfection, the perfect blend of cheesy saltiness and sweet potato pie spice.  i also like to try some of the garlic bread with shredded cheese on the crust.  although the garlic bread seems a little greasy, it is still delicious and gives it a "
3645,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, toppers and toppings are great. also, they're a little cheaper than the real deal.  lastly, be sure to ask for the spicy oil...!!!  once you order, you'll have to wait until they open another location, otherwise you may as well just stick to the regular cheese pizza.  you really can't go wrong with the pizza, it's delicious, right up there with giordano's."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  anyways, we decided to stop by and try some pizza.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and "
3646,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so delicious. they are thin crust with lots of toppings on it. i highly recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. there were a few kinds of mushrooms, some of them cooked differently than the others. my favorite was the button mushroom, which comes with a flavorful sauce. i got to try the sausage pizza and it was tasty as well. there were still a few types of sausages and some hot peppers, all of which were good. my only complaint is that the cheese wasn't really gooey or melted. i don't know what caused this as i have ordered from several different cheese graters and no one on here has "
3647,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily 6-8 weeks of the year. cheese, parmesan, heirloom tomatoes, spinach, eggplant and fresh herbs seasoned to perfection. melt cheese please! please come to la!  there is plenty of parking and you can bike there if you want."" ""laurel was so excited for this restaurant!! we will be back!!!"" ""alexander's pizza is going to be a great addition to any cool little strip joint on fremont.  it has a cool decor, its just opening hours, and it has good pizza!  it has been my tradition ever since glendale's only opening night on fremont that before a show i get a slice of pizza and a can of t "
3648,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh - daily! all sandwiches are delicious and hot!  i usually get one slice with petit four cheese and one with spicy salami (yes, i am aware that is a pizza ingredient). i am a huge fan of the grilled cheese cheese hash, and that is what this review is for.  if you are ever in san daniel, you must go to mr. cheese's.  i will confidently say that you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you got damn lucky!"" ""i am a big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with "
3649,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily  and the cheese is melted cheddar. the slices are then hot and immediately put into a microwaveable environment to make sure all the flavors are blended together. when my husband took my order there was plenty of grease on the counter, so I gave it a try spook good. give bruno a try and the only problem you'll have is trying to figure out when to return to try something different. ""at aria.net, we at least try to be a little bit sustainable. that means whenever possible, we try to go green with our dining options. that said, we will always have a place open on sativa day - that is, on fridays, citieside festivals, and other times when "
3650,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are absolutely perfect. thin and crispy crust cooked to perfection and set with marinara sauce. couldn't be any more amiable. steak bites are smeared with garlic oil and sautéed with bacon. chicken wedges are stuffed with peppers and sautéed with onions. cheese curds are melted and served with yogurt and mustard. the crust on the other hand was very flavorful and gave it a homemade feeling.  i'll be back; it was even tasty cold for breakfast two days later."" ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the pizza was amazing and then we went back for pasta. seriously the service was wonderful and the food yum. but the price was "
3651,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!   chicken tenders are also good.   both the salads are great!  to spice it up we could have ordered a spicy bbq sauce, but i prefer not to complain infront of their pizza that it just showed up lumpy and soggy.  on that note, i will say that my husband and i both love their pizza, and that they are very nice people to talk to.  i will definitely come back and try that pizza again.  i may even order chicken tenders from that menu again.  i will definitely leave a review for you guys so you can see my thoughts on the food and food items that i have ordered."" ""while shopping in the strip during the "
3652,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices into 5 small pieces and adds roasted garlic balls to top. great with a heavy slice of garlic toast!  add spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, and crisp beautiful green pepper to pizza; it is amazing!  add sausage and mushrooms; yes, please do not make me make you make me. i am still thinking about it all day.  every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza and italian food. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well "
3653,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are sooo goooood! i crave them all the time. the wedges are nice and crispy and really tasty. and the fact that they offer wedges instead of just the normal cheese pizza which they should be charging more for makes me feel even better.  points for trying."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside "
3654,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are soooo goooood! i particularly liked the pepperoni and parmesan recipe as it had a nice flavor with no artificial flavors or cheeses. i also tried the mushroom pizza, which is so unbelievably delicious. they add mushrooms and it kind of complements the overall taste of the pizza.   i wish i had a support order because i would have liked to come back and try those again.  at least for the pizza i am giving to my husband and myself.  my pizza never tastes this good!    it has been awhile since their pizza has been this good and they are getting better.  i will definitely stop back in and try those myself.  i will also definitely recommend these to my friends "
3655,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices for under $10 and they are delicious!   they also have really tasty hummus!   every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza and it's cheap ingredients; making you feel like you're at a strip mall attached to a subway station.   also feel free to ask for the spicy salami spice blend - it is delicious sauerkraut!  it's nice to have a place to just relax with good beers and good food locally - especially in this part of la!  it's also a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific beer and excellent food!"" ""we decided to eat there friday night and we were a little skeptical "
3656,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. hot and fresh ingredients ensure perfect baked and eaten back again. cheese on, yum!"" with having three kids in the house we differently eat a lot of pizza. by far the best pizza i have had in the area. we moved in a couple blocks away and this will for sure be a walking distance dinner spot for us. oh and the wings amazing. first place i have asked for extra crispy and they understood what i meant!!! loved it! and the fact that its family owned and they are super nice just made it even better. ""a place that delivers in gilbert? yes, yes, yes!!! i wasn't certain while using the app for delivery whether "
3657,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are very, very good.  cheese is so important to this family that i highly recommend you all to go here! the slices are huge and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space. my girls both had the kids salami pizza and my only complaint would be that the salami was too spicy - we picked it off and they ate their cheese pizza happily.  my husband and i both had pizzas and they were very good - thin crispy crust and large portions.   our waiter was very friendly and the food arrived hot and quickly.  we will definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" amazing pizza for $10 and half price apps "
3658,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, delicious and totally customizable to suit your needs and budget. you can even make it your own by using store-bought mozz.  overall, it is a very good pizza and i plan on returning. next time i'll be giving that pizza cookie a try. i really liked upper crust, but grimaldi's in old town is still my favorite for traditional ny style thin crust pizza."" ""i have to say that not only is the food amazing, the employees are extremely friendly. they went as far to fulfill my request to draw john snow from game of thrones (easily the best pizza place ever!) thank you so much!"" ""ordered today for lunch for delivery to my workplace. my "
3659,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices. numero uno. just bland. old habits died hard. soooo gross. i recommend hitting up hidden away for some great pizza.. but be warned... i think i prefer sitting on the fence with my pizza so i can say i ate both sald, but that's just me.. yum!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are constantly cleaning the restaurant, they are so clean, fresh "
3660,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really, really good. we got lucky & ordered a cheese pizza & it was a perfect blend of cheeses, fresh herbs, and onions.  we could have had cheesesteaks, too, if we wanted.  but we wanted to try something different & so we ordered a pasta & salad.  the owner shared that he makes great pizza too & so we had to give it a try spook good. give him a chance & the only problem you'll have is trying to figure out when to return to try something different.   all the food was delicious & i'll definitely go back again & try different things!"" ""we just came here for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a couple of items to share. "
3661,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are amazing. i bet you can't get enough of them. add garlic balls and you have my kind of pizza. if you're a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard pizza. or, you know, eating the pizza itself."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i can remember having had in arcadia area.  the crust was thin, not too oily, and they were hot.  i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i "
3662,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really good!   a competitor's pizza would have been great too!  but this one is good ny style, gritty, and right up our alley.  good place to eat after dark."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i love black rock cheese curds which led us to believe this was a pizza place we could enjoy.  upon arrival of our food i was amazed by how generous the slices were!  i can still taste the heavy slice of pizza and the flavors are very enjoyable.   the crust is flavorful and the consistency "
3663,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are the best things that have ever happened to us. and so is their fried mushroom soup. we just happened to be visiting while on vacation so we must report that we were treated to a complimentary hot mushroom soup! indeed it was hot and bothered us no end. but we drove by afterwards and apparently everyone is too. we will definitely stop by again. :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! everything is delicious! the only reason i give them a mini is because i don't know if they offer that type of garlic yogurt or not. but all i ordered was a small salad and my husband had asked if i wanted to add some peanut butter so i reluctantly agreed.  i was a little skeptical when my husband told me they "
3664,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices for under $20 and they are delicious.   they also have a great seafood pasta dish for under $35, and it really tastes amazing.   all of the food is amazing, and i will most definitely go back again! i might even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite giordanos in az! the service and food is perfection, and the pizza is ... ummm, well, it's authentic. we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday. and, we did not want to take a chance on a guy we did not know was coming. so, we absconded back to the cubana and found a place that would serve "
3665,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  sauce is so on point!  i can still taste the spicy garlic and the extra bit of tomato.  --cheese is great too, but the flavors just... cooked differently.    today i ordered one of every pizza on the menu, plus a special spicy pepperoni! xD!"" ""i was here with friends a few weeks back and i must say i was quite impressed by the pizza they serve. they have huge slices and they are quite good! the whole pizza is quite good, IMO. they even gave me a customized tomato sauce to try it with!  great place to eat from the go! i will definitely come back!"" ""delicious pizza! i had the "
3666,5,Positive, Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  daily  pizzas are  served  cold  or  at room temperature.  ice cream  is  served  in a glass  with chopped nuts and seeds.  daily  menthol  is  served  in a lighter  flavored menthol cigarette.  daily  menthol cigarette is  served  in a lighter  flavored cigar.  daily  cigar is  served  in a lighter  flavored glass.  daily  pizza is  served  at fixed  price  with added toppings.  additional toppings  can be consumed in whole or in chunks.  all items  are consumed  in their entirety.  measured  consumption  
3667,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!!!"" ""the thin crust pizza here is delicious. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust with extra toppings and add cheese. add in some chicken and you have my kind of food! the chicken was juicy and well seasoned, perhaps because it was skin on, but the chicken was crispy and delicious. I definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover who is looking for some good fresh pizza with decent service and price.   you will have to try their pizza though, as you cannot go wrong!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. "
3668,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and cheese bread, cooked and topped with meat sauce.    meat sauce is really good and the slices really go well with the cheesy fresh goat cheese.    we really need to get ahold of ourselves and do something special here.  i'll be back; it was delicious, and i'll definitely eat here again.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is excellent. 5 stars."" ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years "
3669,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! every pizza is made to order and needs to be under 24hr. !! please do not drive yourself insane trying to order cheese pizza because they do not allow you to bring in your own bottle of wine or beer.  i would suggest anyone who is lucky enough to have a driver that allows them to drive them to their destination to let them know how much they appreciate the fact that they are allowed to drive if they wish.  i would also suggest anyone who is lucky enough to live close enough that they can order their pizza from their pizza so we can have a pizza which is affordable, fun and which they are willing to try various combinations of breads, sauces and toppings.  if you are ever in las ve "
3670,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices here for under $30 and they are absolutely perfect. i have used this place to get pizza slices before and it was a breeze. i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza here. 5 stars all the way!"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the slices are fresh and the crust crunchy and delicious. walking distance from everything and the pizza is a must.  if you don't like pizza,  there are always other options - just ask."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server was very friendly, and we both enjoyed our food. "
3671,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. hot and fresh makes good pizza! melted cheese on pizza is made fresh and organic - no frozen or canned sauces. fresh and ground pork is nice and all the veggies are pure grated Parmesan. there is no yogurt or cashew butter in the cheese making process so please do not ask for it. the slices are delicious and come together very quickly. i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it is a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav "
3672,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices special - $2.50 for a large cheese pizza, $6 for a small cheese pizza, and $12 for a large hot cookie. sausages are good too, but i prefer the hot cookies over the cheese pizza. good place to eat after dark."" ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable, even after a long day at the office.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  seats recline and food is served here.  based on previous reviews i was afraid to order food from their pizza place so i have no opinion "
3673,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly ground, topped with baby pepperonis, sausages, and tomato sauce, and finally eaten as is.  i was curious as to whether the thinly sliced cheese would be melty and runny or if it would be smooth and spreadable.  the short answer is: it was delicious !  i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  all of it was amazing.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i "
3674,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good. they are a little salty but still has a good taste. they come with a really fresh mozzarella cheese and they are good. i come across as a reasonable person who enjoys eating good food. maybe because i live here for a long time and have only tried sushi once or because i am too much of a bum to go outside :) but i will definitely return! the slices are thin and i usually get three or four slices.  if i lived here all i would do is try and get a table at the top floor lounge but i guess i will just have to settle for sharing one wall with my grandsons."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters "
3675,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  one slice and you've got yourself a mediterranean salad, but for a few dollars more, i would highly recommend grabbing a slice of this:<|endoftext|>It's hard to find good pizza in las vegas. It's even harder to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of partying."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the high roller and got the garlic cheese bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...our first "
3676,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are delectable and the homemade whipped feta is a great snack before a show!  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were so excited! we were planning on having dinner with our two young daughters, and we thought it would be a great idea to try something a little bit more upscale.   we arrived 15 minutes before the scheduled time and were straight away asked if we wanted to bring in the big flat screen TV. we looked around and it seemed like a nice place to stop by for a quick bite while we made our reservations. we looked at the menu and it seemed like a "
3677,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, the perfect blend of cheese and pepperoni, and topped with pepperoni, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  i would order it again on cristata day :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads!  pizza making is easy with this recipe. you can make 20 pizzas and still have leftovers.  i do wish another salad came with it since i'm a vegetarian. good food at good price. recommend sharing one small with your table and enjoying the large for leftovers.  i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh "
3678,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked - all cut from the finest, delicious ingredients! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down!  during warmer weather, this is one of the best patios around. i truly believe that this is one of the best patios around patrying.  i would even go as far to say that it is one of the best patios around.  i mean, at the end of the day, you can't go wrong with pizza here.  every bite is important.  you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you gonna do that?  you can build me a pizza or something.  i am a fan and i will most definitely be back "
3679,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked every time we eat here.  sharing one slice with 3 other people was a new experience for us both.  we both loved the food and the service was great.  we will definitely come back here!  the slices are great also when you share one with your friends.  we both loved the food and the service was great!  highly recommend!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i love, love, love that it is very convenient if you are walking anywhere near the airport."" ""we picked up a couple "
3680,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices here.  i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.  also mention that it was really bombed in there - i think it needed spun more in there... i think it turned out really good."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is "
3681,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are amazing. i love deep dish and this is a great change of pace. great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think it's time for this epic fail of a restaurant to close and i hope this post inspires some others to try it.  if you are ever in beau fort, you must go to mr. cheese's.  i will confidently say that you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you got damn lucky!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of "
3682,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices. great on the go breakfast!  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course was wonderful. the sauce was great, and the pizza was even tasty deviating slightly from the classic. note that it's a little pricey - maybe because it's a novelty, but i definitely noticed that some customers weren't overly fond of the look of the pizza they ordered. i can't help but imagine that some may have been less than thrilled by the thought of a man on tuesday eating pizza like that, so i definitely encourage you all to try it if you're a fan of real creamy cheese pizza."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.  "
3683,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are the stuff of legend. Thinly sliced cheese melts into pureed goo, toppings combined from cheeses, bacon, and eggplant leaves creates a sort of gelato consistency, and the pronounced garlic flavor enhances the taste of the pureed cheese.   reputed to be one of the best ny style pizza places in the country, i've yet to taste a cheese grating or two on this strip.   today i ordered one of the meat lovers to start. tomatoes in a pizza with mushroom sauce, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, and bacon was delicious. along with plenty of veggies and a generous portion of meat, the result was delicious.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll "
3684,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are equally delicious.  however, the ratio of cheese/sides is important.  if you want to be 100% authentic, buy the entire pizza and slice into individual pieces.  I prefer sharing half with my family and cutting into wedges.  my family LOVED that pizza and will go back!  i will definitely buy from here again and i will definitely be back!  yum!"" with having three kids in the house we differently eat a lot of pizza. by far the best pizza i have had in arcadia area. we moved in a couple blocks away and this will for sure be a walking distance dinner spot for us. oh and the wings amazing. first place i have asked for extra crispy and they understood "
3685,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices of course!! and such a delicious texture - chewy, perfect crumb, and it is so tasty, it's hard to stop eating it. they need to bring that classic pizza stand right here.  next time I'm in cleveland, I'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my "
3686,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are great - thin crust makes them juicy and crispy, especially on the go.   we also tried the bruschetta appetizer, which was quite good.   cheese sauce is also very good.   cheers!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are really nice and "
3687,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are about the size of a small pizza you'd order at a large restaurant, and they're delicious the whole way through.  though i enjoy thin-crust pizza, i prefer to order to me and my family. my favourite is the Roma pizza, where mushroom, spinach, and onion entree mains meet off-white pizza crust.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is equally delicious, plus it's half price during happy hour.  i don't know why all the fuss is makes me hungry before a show.  maybe it's because i'm 40 and have never had a pizza like this, but the aroma of freshly baked bread and buttery-salty toppings on a "
3688,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are like domestic style pizza, only with cheese and basil instead of eggplant and mint. i prefer selling slices to people who order them, it seems like a waste of time."" ""i would like to give this place 5 stars if i could. it's been my go to pizza place ever since it opened and i have never had a bad experience because i always know what to expect. first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! the guinness pizza is a must have! try the chicken and waffles or the complete pizza and equally good with chicken tenders. the chicken tenders are great too!  everyone needs to try this place! ""delicious pizza! i travel a lot and one of my "
3689,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i crave it all the time.    everyone needs to go here! :)"" ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great salad and great pizza! the only negative part of the pizza is that it is small."" ""we ordered the pizza with pepperoni and sausage and absolutely fell in love! the pizza was delicious, and everyone on our crew loved the cheesy deliciousness of the wings. we will definitely come back and try that again! i think the other one was amazing too! the mozzarella cheese is made fresh! the pizza is delicious and the family that runs this place seem very nice."" ""from time to time, my "
3690,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and delicious and the specialty cocktails are out of this world!  at this price point, it's a good deal if you want good pizza and you can eat local.  sadly, many pizza joints don't have this type of restaurant on their menus.  so if you do end up going to a show at this venue, be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...i highly recommend you do that! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and "
3691,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, delicious and the cheese is gooey and melted. they are topped with baby pepperoni and sausages which add a delicious salty to salt. they are also served with tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, fresh mozz, and mozzarella nuts.   i chose the smoked turkey sausage and the spinach dip with extra virgin olive oil and salt. i also ate one of the crispy hand pies and a homemade spicy oil. in my haste to get out food, i neglected to ask if i could purchase the spicy oils separately.    i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from scratch and it was delicious! also, i must say that the customer service here is excellent.  "
3692,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh every time we eat here! they are also loaded down with high quality, fresh ingredients! every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best we've had here. but we will definitely come back for sure! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was very busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large "
3693,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are extremely tasty. you must try them. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say i'm a sucker it. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best i've had from a """"fast casual"""" type of restaurant.  i definitely recommend sauce if you're looking for something fairly quick but delivers on quality."" ""i enjoy pizza hut but i personally "
3694,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each time we come in, hot and fresh every time, so don't expect to haggle over the price tag as much as we do.   my husband and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered the -czwie; a pizza with sausage on it and breadsticks; a veggie dish with hummus, spinach and tomatoes; and a salad. the pizza was delicious, so we figured we'd give it a try spook good! we wish we had of come here earlier as we were slightly disappointed that we were not given a voucher to go after 10pm on sunday."" ""we came here earlier in the morning to get a quick bite before going to lunch. we "
3695,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also delicious!  we really got lucky & got a table for dinner with our very own cheese pizza & medley of cheeses!  we ordered 1 slice with pepperoni, sausage, onion, and chicken + celery seed mash + heavy cream + jalapeno peppers.  the pizza was awesome + thick crust + lots of toppings.   our food was amazing - happy, supportive, & just a great damn pizza!"" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic bread & 2 kinds of sauces. i really liked the onion vinaigrette with fresh mozzarella "
3696,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and hot buns topped with baby pepperonis, sausages, and tomato... oh so good, tahitian style!  add in the cheesy deliciousness of sausages and you've basically got the perfect tuesday snack.  i definitely recommend this place for my wife and i, and we will likely be coming here a lot throughout the week."" ""tuesday is sooo long!  i get texts from all over the country from people who have been here offering to give away their cell phones number so i can get them to come out to me!  in my head, i would say i won't complain - but i can't help but think that maybe i would be a bit spoiled if i could just walk "
3697,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are truly hand-cut, no frills pizza, loaded up with fresh ingredients and seasoned to perfection.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw "
3698,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices A$25, MOSTLY on acid.  i highly recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing - it's much easier to share one pizza with 5+ people and i am sure it is even better the next day.    i ordered the cheesesteak and pepperoni pizza and i can honestly say i was not disappointed with the pizza - not only were the flavors phenomenal, the choice of crust was just awesome.  i also ordered a large supreme pizza which was quite possibly the best pizza i have ever had.  the goat cheese pizza was very tasty btw.  again, i would strongly recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing - it was even better the next day!   "
3699,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really good!  definitely one of toronto. go there immediately!"" ""gone really quick and cozy.  took out lunch today and was a little hungry so ate here while i had lunch.  was pretty happy with the pizza and will be back."" ""i ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza and the dupe pasta pizza. the pizza was good but the presentation weakens as the pizza cools.  i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also tasty but i preferred the "
3700,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are among the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad "
3701,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, or about half as big as a small pizza, and smells just as good.  no matter how big your pizza is, you can still have it hot and have it good.  indeed, i did. and although the slices are smaller, they were still good.  i would still definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with "
3702,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices. I order them both...probably because i'm a sucker for good pizza and especially good thin crust. but when the timer went off and i was about to eat it both times, i remembered i had some left and decided to try them both.  the crust was good, everything was good, and i was a little hungry already so i ate the whole pizza while i was waiting for my order.  anyway, when my pizza is done cooking i take a bite and i can tell you it was good. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a little celebration at this restaurant for our birthday. we had a small pizza and a small greek salad, lots of to choose "
3703,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  safe to say they have good customer service! every time we come in we order a different pizza!  package deal - get a pizza for $8.99 - that is a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.  mozz is ultra-fresh and good! every bite is important.  cleanliness is the only acceptable complaint.  please clean up after yourself on this one! ""good pizza, really good pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. couldn't believe we didn't try more pizzas. best part? the 10-inch pop "
3704,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily - even during peak summer!  sauce is extra thick and gives it a homemade feeling. breadsticks are delicious and you can make almost any shape you want!"" yes! i'm officially addicted to this place. i ordered my pizza on monroe and it was delivered in 45 minutes! i was so excited! i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion and it came with pepperoni, sausage, and onion ketchup but i don't think i'd order that again. great pizza!<|endoftext|>Dive Brief:  A new luxury apartment building at the southwest corner of lorain and sport has gone up, and is expected to be completed in late spring or early summer.  The mixed"
3705,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are great too, but i prefer buying them in slices and hhgrease.   you must try the gnudi, it's amazing!  it's sooo goooood!  i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!  i also try to eat as much cheese on as many pita breads as possible, because it makes a lot of sense - after all, bread is the foundation of most pizza recipes.  if you're feeling particularly adventurous, i would definitely endorse raising your pizza on an apple or banana as a snack - definitely one of my favorites from time to time.  there is something about the smell of freshly baked apples and the warming spices of "
3706,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are equally as good as the national chain's, and they're even cheaper!       after taking a slice of his famousando, il checito mi fave! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""the pizza was really good! they have really good pizza, it's just that they always seem to be making it better. i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amelia's with a new logo and all the memories of when they used to be here. i loved the pizza! the hummus dressing was so delicious and the ... uhh, i don't know, it just tasted good. maybe because it's "
3707,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! every time we come in here we looking for a different slice! so if you know we are coming why not stop by and try them all!  now on to the pizza! what i found most interesting was that not only are the ingredients amazing, the pizza is soo yummy!  i would really recommend this place to my friends! i mean at the end of the day its the pizza and service that matters to me and they are a 10 in both!!!"" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onions, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes. pleasant service also and the place was packed with patrons."" ""tops is "
3708,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are very, very good!  small but still good, thin crust pizza that still has a good flavor without being too greasy.  i especially love the pepperoni and parmesan recipe!   they also make a great pizza during big cheese week!  my family and i love wearing suits and going out after dark!  i would also recommend trying the helghast pizza, which is like a pizza lighter version of the helghast pizza - but much, much better!  i would also endorse the spaghetti and meatballs, although i prefer the sausage."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't "
3709,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are $8.95 for a large 6 ounce serving.  note that some stores may have additional cheese slices they sell, i have not been able to verify this.  i would recommend instead trying the cheese pizza sections of certain pizza joints, such as piola, in quest of falling prey to the aforementioned 6 ounce cheese.      despite the name, this is a great sandwich for any time of day.  i recommend splitting it with your table as it is a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.    you must try the mushroom pizza, it is to die for and so is tomatoes.  add a dollop of sauce to taste and you will be good to go.  also "
3710,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices look delicious and the men are friendly. i will definitely come back to try those again! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the slices are big and i love how they are prepared; fresh and sturdy, not overly greasy or burnt.   i also tried the mushroom pizza, which is also tasty; however, i preferred the mushrooms because they are bigger and more flavorful.  i will definitely come "
3711,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are now $2.50! i cannot complain - our cheesesteaks are good too, but i prefer the thin crust. chicken tenders are also very good!  a poor man's burrito, burrito platter or salad.  is there better burrito stuffing material out there?  we will continue to come back!"" ""my family and i come to this restaurant frequently for lunch.  we have ordered from several locations and this is the best we ever had.  the food was excellent every time we had it.  the combination of tasty food, good service and a favorable dining environment generates best-in-class customer service.  highly recommended!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  "
3712,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and cheese. i got to try both!!!  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so "
3713,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really, really gooey. i recommend trying them both.  packaged horseradish and fiddler's green salad are super yummy, too. i also tried the grilled chicken over salad with feta and olives, and those green peas with avocado and tomatoes, and those garlicky-sweet feta balls (finally some good vegan cheese)!  will definitely return."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a salad. the pizza was really good! i was a little skeptical when my boyfriend said they only serve pizza in a pizza, but he confirmed that they actually do have a full menu. we got the tofu pizza and a mediterranean "
3714,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices - about 1/2 inch thick - and comes with hot cheese on the side you like!  i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening,no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with "
3715,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are handmade to order and contain no allergens. i was initially skeptical, but experienced none of the conditions depicted on package labels. the slices are hot and fresh making them a perfect snack before a show. i also tried one with spicy salami and bbq sauce and it was delicious.  the white pizza is a must for any sports bar or restaurant.  as delicious as the crust is, the ratio of cheeses/nuts/seeds/etc is so good it's unbelievable.  i bet you could eat an entire pizza like this for lunch and still be full.    i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they "
3716,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices like you're eating a cheesesteak, with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms and herbs seasoned with fresh herbs, and baked in your choice of garlic bread or sweet potato fries.  i almost never eat both garlic and sweet potatoes from my childhood (i'm sure it's delicious with just the garlic breads), but sometimes i like a little bit of spice.  both the slices are delicious, and i almost never eat crusts off of pizzas either.  all i ordered was cheese, but i feel like a diner should get all of the toppings they want.  i feel like a diner should be allowed to add their own jalapeno cheese, and if they wish, they can add jalapeno seeds to it too "
3717,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices for $0.75! who says urban pizza is total brook?   they definitely know how to party!  we ended up getting two slices of cheese pizza and a large salad for under $50 bucks.  definitely worth a shot if you're looking for something quick and easy."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  the margherita or 4 cheese for $9.99.  very reasonable.   the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious.  we covered it in garlic bread and ate the rest of it in a bowl with wedges of fresh tomato.   if you are ever in urbr by boat, this is the place to "
3718,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are like home made tough, and the right amount of cheese (i think i ordered too much...) is the key to a good pizza. i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but very subtle and delicious flavors. only available as a small, so bear that in mind! the vegetarian is delicious and has a sauce base that includes eggplant. "
3719,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are to die for. little do they know how good they are."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good pizza. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the time. the specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. my "
3720,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i crave it all the time.    i will definitely stop back in and try some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i ever been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for "
3721,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered "
3722,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!! given that some are closed on sundays i went yesterday to try them. unfortunately we didn't find anyone to drive us there so we thought we'd give 'em a try...   we recommend people to bring their own sodas/wine, they are best cold brewed or can be ordered ny style.    please do not bring in your own bottle of wine or beer as i was not allowed to try them."" ""i am a big big fan of a good pizza and when my girlfriend and i heard they were opening a store right next door, we had to give 'em a try.  obviously, we love the place and will be back!  10/10 definitely for sure!"" "" "
3723,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, homemade feta, olives, tzatziki, and a simple salad.  i can still taste the spicy tzatziki and the salty feta.  maybe because i'm a regular at this pizza place or maybe because i'm a huge olives fan but i can still taste the saltiness of the tzatziki and the sweetness of the feta.  maybe because i'm a regular at this pizza place or maybe because i'm a huge olives drinker but i can still taste the saltiness of the tzatziki and the bitterness of the  making it sour, and i'm not a huge olives drinker either.  maybe because this is my last resort when i'm out and about "
3724,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices - $2.50 ($0.75/slice) today i ordered one of the dessert mains. (cherry, blueberry, and mango mains) i was so excited! instant gratification is awesome! i ordered my favorite mango smoothie, and i can't wait to try some more!"" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they "
3725,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are sooo goooood! i love cheese curds and this is a must try! other sandwiches are great too! but the pizza here is just good... consistent good... darn good!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, crayons and a little play area in the corner with some toys and a chalkboard wall.  my girls both had the kids salami pizza and "
3726,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are very, very good!  i usually get two slices, sometimes getting a grand total of three.  number three is definitely still under wraps, but word is it's pretty good already. i'll be back; it's cheaper than a pizza at McDonald's and serves it better.  number two is pretty good, too, although i prefer the crispy hand-cut fries to the fried ones.  they're a pinch greasy, after all."" ""fries are good, pizza is good, and the mac n' cheese... ugh."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i suggest trying the aubergine if you're a fan of that sort of thing "
3727,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are very good!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and "
3728,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! they are also loaded with quality toppings!  every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful.  we will definitely come back here! the pizza slices are so good! i think the homeless guy who cleanses the counter is a little bit of a jerk... but he always gives us our pizza slices anyway.    every one needs to go here!!"" ""my deliverer was fast and nice, and the pizza was good. i am a fan of this brand and will be back.  i will definitely come back here.  my husband said he was good too.  if you are in pittsburgh on a date night and want to go with your significant "
3729,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made with scratch-made bread from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. no po boy or hot oil required. just delicious. we love their margarita pizza! their rc pizza is pretty good too, just a touch greasy.   we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the other customers about you awesome pizza!"" this might be the best pizza i ever had. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they have thick crust selections as well. new york theme and decor. very friendly and good service. the place is packed in the evening even on weekdays. superb price/value on food and drinks. located across 215 about 20 minutes from the "
3730,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good. it's hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of ny.  we usually order one large slice with fries and onion.,, i truly believe that this small place has something special. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful. every time we order pizza there is plenty of pizza for, and plenty of space for, over 40 people to eat, drink, and kibitz.   i would highly recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you""""ll "
3731,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made daily  right there!  no one knows how long this place has been around, but it has consistently been running late or going bad.  if you don't see someone around 45 years old around 7-11, you know you got a bad night's sleep at any rate.  so yes, you guessed it...i heard boba makes good pizza.  you gotta try it!  my dad's pizza is similar to his - good, but not great.  i crave those cheesy deliciousness all the time.  unfortunately, my dad's pizza just took a back seat to their """"special sauce"""" (i don't know what that is, but it is good) - i assume they switched it up a bit so "
3732,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are equally delicious. if you get dessert, it's the perfect ratio of cheesecake to meringue. i get the vanilla and chocolate fudge truffles as well as three kinds of iced tea. each one is  delicious . walking out was easy and cute.   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""decided to eat here again because i was told i would get a free pizza on desfrances day. when i walked in a few minutes before 11:30 they had just come out with the pizzaiolo speciali. they gave me a slice of pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,;  i'm normally more of a pizza lover "
3733,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are little more like chicken nuggets, but with an extra dollop of cheesy saltiness.  add in some pepperoni, sausages, and onions and you've basically got the perfect ny pizza.  my dad had me today (i think it was) and i watched him make his way through the pizza.  in my experience, people are very friendly and prompt even when ordering pizza out of place.  obviously there's more to it than meets the eye, but i definitely got the sense that this was a people driven place with a great product.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great "
3734,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are even better!  each one is as close as it gets to real mozzarella cheese, which is why we eat it so often.   i usually just stick to the cheesesteaks and desserts, but once in a blue moon i'll throw in a meat sandwich or two... but for now i'm sticking to the pizza and wings.   that pineapple ice cream... it was so delicious. how come there's only three of them - why don't they have a little section with toppings from extra large to small?  i'd definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. "
3735,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices. heh. a slice of late night pizza smacks of the late night pizza connoisseurs everywhere.   i recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location? ny. of course it's good. the beer selection is eclectic but somehow manages to satisfy my every need.   service? take away the dash of spice and it becomes even better.   fresh ingredients, friendly staff, and just a stellar pizza. who else is awesome?"" ""had cheese pizza, risotto with spinach, chilis, and sweet potato, and amazing sangria. we ate the pizza en bloc and the sangria "
3736,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are prepared with fresh mozzarella cheese, basil, mushrooms and spinach.  toppings include sausages, onions, garlic and pepper.  to order a table-side, simply ask.  continue reading to learn more about the pizza and its method of making homemade mozzarella cheese...  Continue reading →<|endoftext|>Is it safe to eat at this restaurant? yes, it's safe to eat here. we were here for work two weeks in a row and we never had a problem. we ordered a lot of food and it was all amazing.  we had pizza, wings, fries, and a large salad - everything we could imagine being good!  our waitress was very friendly and the food came out in a timely fashion. "
3737,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly ground, no other cheese or seasoning used. slices are then topped with fresh mozzarella and melted butter. each one is then capped with fresh mozzarella and topped with melted butter. lastly, each one is topped with fresh ingredients and served with a homemade crust and/or sauce. all of the ingredients made perfect - tasty crust, tasty sauce, and fresh toppings. it was even tasty the next day.   another note on the toppings - i prefer drinking my espresso from a cold brew, rather than pouring it into a cup. it also tastes even better the next day.   all of the ingredients were good, and i enjoyed every bite. regardless of how you feel about coffee "
3738,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are very, very good.  note: i don't know of anyone else who has had cheese pizza that was this good.  i highly recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday "
3739,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made with whole wheat crust and filled with ricotta, spinach, tomatoes, and onion, all of which are complete and authentic to the Middle Eastern heritage of toppings. the crust is then flavored with chili flakes, sautéed onions, and garlic, and finally eaten as is. it was delicious. i'm not a huge fan of grilled cheese sandwiches, but this one was good and they were able to recreate the crust and toppings on the fly, which is what i was hoping for. maybe next time i'll try it.  all the food was delicious, and i'll definitely come back here. i'll definitely give this place a try even if i'm not a huge pizza fan."" ""i would like to "
3740,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are a must. i highly recommend sharing one small -- you must try them all!!  you must try the onions, they are so good! and the meat is awesome, i can't stop eating it.  plus a great appetizer and a great desert shop with great food under $50 and it's a winner!"" El Segundo taco truck has always been a favorite of ours.  it's a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food.  we always end up getting there own personal pizza which is great if we wanna be a bit healthier.  we always end up getting pizza there either way.  highly recommend! ""best new york pizza in summerlin and p — oh so good "
3741,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, tasty and very economical.  they are also the healthiest choice for a sandwich, as they contain no cholesterol, sodium, high-fructose corn syrup or soy lecithin.  in short, it is the perfect blend of ingredients for a fairly reasonable price.  local cheese curds are also delicious, though i prefer using whole, uncooked white curds from the tapioca pearls.  the glaze is thin and delicious, and it makes a lovely marinara sauce.  in short, this is a great place for date night or to impress your significant other.  in my many years in this town, I have never had a waiter or manager treat us worse or worse for a mis "
3742,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slicesaw is delicious! delicious combination of ingredients. also good cold for breakfast leftovers."" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was glad we decided to order a pizza instead of a martini, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting the finishing touches together on the look and presentation, and are not quite all set up, but they are only open for 3 weeks and they haven't had their official grand opening, but i will definitely "
3743,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are sooo goooood!  i crave 'em all!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping (i think that's spicy enough to drink, trust me!)  i am a huge fan of the hot cookie though, because it's much easier to make and far less greasy.  all of the ingredients are amazing, and i guarantee you will not go wrong!  i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down!  now on to the food!  there are a few items on the menu that i have yet to try.  if you are ever in gilbert, you must go "
3744,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! every slice is made without MSG, hydrogenated oils, soy lecithin, corn syrup, potato glycemic index, wheat gluten, salt, pepper, garlic salt, onion powder, paprika, cayenne ( chili powder ) pepper, garlic salt, black pepper, tahitian treats , pretzels , and hot dogs!  every other bite of pizza you order gives you a generous portion of hot buns (9 oz.) !  serving is extremely friendly and prompt.  the only downside i experienced was that the glass of wine is small.  i don't know what their pour is but it was good.  it also only lasted for half the pizza.  i had to throw it "
3745,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i usually get one slice home and a side of sauce.  someplace else would probably get mad at me for ordering a pizza with pepperoni and sausages, but i gotta say that i have not once disappointed when i have ordered a pizza without those items and the crust is good with just the peppers.    the other day i ordered 2 xl pizzas, the pizza was amazing and they were perfect with sauce.  they are real pizza, yum!"" ""i can honestly say that i am a big fan of. i think its pretty hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of new york, so when we find a place that i like, we will definitely order a pizza from "
3746,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  packaging is super secure and safe!  friendly staff! how can you go wrong with a hot cookie in the mail and a fresh cookie from the oven?  kudos to you!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza ever place watson and porter is a good go-to. if you're looking for some good pizza and a tasty after-dinner drink, consider grabbing a table for dinner.  i personally love going after-dinner on this beautiful day."" ""i went to his birthday dinner earlier this year. i was there because i was having a barbecue there and i wanted to try something new.  instead of spending "
3747,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices) and a small mains like chicken tenders. the large  pizza  (head chef says it's huge) is equally appetizing, if a touch smaller. the rotisserie chicken  is good too, if you like a little bit of spice. the wedges are tasty, too. they seem to get smaller and smaller every time we come around.  maybe because it's legal, they didn't try and stop us if we walked in with a valid knife.  my advice: if you want to try real pizza, go ahead and order the real deal. otherwise, you'll have to settle for the fake italian pizza people serve all over town. ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in "
3748,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are you kidding me? melts in your mouth-feels like butter cheese with a dash of tomatoes-tastes just like you'd order from a pizza hut, only without all the soggy cheese on the bottom.  honestly, i didn't realize they had SUGAR in there.  soggy cheese on top? soggy cheese on the bottom?  i'm still trying to piece together exactly what i ate, but it was good.  10/10 definitely for the occasional heavy lunch crowd but good for a quick bite during busy times.  8.5/10 definitely for the occasional heavy lunch eater but best eaten right away.  10 times in 10 tries.  i'm sure i'm not the "
3749,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really, really tasty. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. they also have really good thin crust pizza, so i getting to try that as well. there was a time when i would have been happy to eat just pizza, but i've discovered that many joints have become friendly to share pitt by the friendly servers.   many joints have created pizza that is truly unique to them, we love deep dish and the crust here is no different.    my kids love pizza and the staff loves them too.  great place to eat with your family.   it's subway but with pizza and italian and "
3750,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are thin and delicious. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. there was a decent amount of mushrooms. good stuff. maybe one of the best i've ever had. i definitely recommend sharing one large with your table as it was a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but very subtle and delicious flavors "
3751,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, and topped with baby pepperonis, cheese, red onion, and topped with baby pepperonis.  i was intrigued by the pepperonis because there isn't a whole lot of canned tomato sauce in the U.s.  according to the restaurant's website: ""most people think pepperoni is a sauce made with whole pieces of pepperoni, which it obviously isn't. instead, it's a blend of ingredients that is just seasoned with freshly cracked black pepper.""  once you order your personal cheese slice, you'll have it within minutes (according to their website, it takes 45 minutes to make).  i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they take 30 minutes to make my pizza, but sure enough, 30 minutes later they "
3752,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked every time! they are so tasty! i crave them all the time. every pizza is made fresh and the crust crispy and the topping tasty. i can't stop eating it. except for the pizza that i am certain i am allowed to eat. i will continue to go back and try and improve my pizza eating. :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is "
3753,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are not made this good in the U.S. so we decided to move the pizza to you Cali 94204.    the pizza was extremely flavorful, and i can't wait to try it pizza next time i'm in cleveland!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way.  it was a real try at cheese pizza, which they apparently really like.    the owner was a little chatty but clear in what he wanted and he paid attention.    i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to cleveland!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of "
3754,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are equally good, if not better, than the regular cheese. i also tried the (slightly spicy) garlic cheese bread which, while it may not give you mouth watering g wars, it does give you great fresh cut grasshopper taste. lastly, i ordered a salad to share as well as 3 kinds of tahitian treats (i can still taste the spicy hummus and avocado oil). each one was great, and i will definitely order from here again (if only to spite the $5 fountain drink i paid for)."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months "
3755,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are the best i've had in arcadia area. thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, and topped with baby pepperonis, all of a sudden i had a really well done pizza. it would have been cool to try it without the pepperoni but i think its place is better remembered for the pizza.   while some may love the food and want to be a complete snob, i would encourage you to look at the menu and prices are very reasonable - indeed, many discounted meals are available on the dine in and pick up menu.    look for the great daily specials - wednesdays is half price bottles of wine! so awesome. i believe kids eat free on sundays too."" ""my absolutely favorite "
3756,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and hot buns. good place to go!!!"" 101 W. High St. was conveniently located next to each other on the main drag, making it easy to get around. Hot buns were great too, although a touch greasy.   will definitely be back for another slice!  ""delicious pizza! i traveled a bit for this, and was able to get a table with my husband at a nearby table. pizza was great and we had chicken tenders for the table as an appetizer. great chicken pizza too! the crust is amazing, and i love the fried chicken. they add a lot of sauce to it, and it becomes a really flavorful sauce. my favourite is the chicken and waffles sauce "
3757,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices.  i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also tasty.    both the pizza's were good, albeit a touch salty.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and i can't wait to try it!  there was also a great vegas food fight at a nearby table, which was a nice touch you don't see everywhere."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very "
3758,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are understatedly good. thin and crispy crust melts into cheezy toppings, and the piping hot cheese cheese melts into melted cheese on the side - all while being adorned with dollops of creamy mozzarella. it's amazing!    you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you gonna do that?  you can build me a pizza or something.  i am a fan and i will most definitely be back."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan "
3759,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i crave it all the time.  i am a big fan of the hot cookies though.  they are still good.    one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice.  i definitely will come back to this place.  i mean at the very least, i will come back to try the pizza without the MSG.  i am certain there are many, many people out there who enjoy this food as much as i do and will never know because i have never had it described this way before.  in my opinion, if you like thin crust pizza, fresh fruits and vegetables, and a good soda, this is the place to go."" "" "
3760,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh,nelly super yummy!!!  i also tried the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the mild spicy sausage pizza. both were great. later that night i went back and tried the pizza the big Cheese pizza and the arugula salad. both were amazing. i think i rated it a 4 based on the five stars it received from me. i would like to try it again but i think i am better off continuing to yummy eat from the pizza that i am currently having. i think though, the flavors of chicken tend to be better suited as a side with some of the ranch as a dressing. all i ordered was cheese and there was more portion for the same price.  the kids loved the pizza and the kids "
3761,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each time we come in and the cheese is big and delicious. they are also generous with the toppings they give. i highly recommend any cheese pizza or slice of pepperoni pizza. but if you want to try something a little bit different, I would definitely recommend the spaghetti and meatballs."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a generic meatball sub, some hot buns on the side, and the famous vegan cheese pizza.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was great.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been "
3762,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh! each slice is then melted & topped with fresh mozzarella, provolone, and chopped tomatoes! delicious! sometimes i like to duo that with a small size salad for a snack while i'm waiting for the pizza to cool down a bit. what i liked about this place the most is that they're not trying to be a fancy place or going all snobby on the food as the surrounding area kids are constantly eating eating each others pizza.  they obviously just want to be a pizza parlor offering a good pizza, at a fair price, and they seem to be doing a good job of it.  on that note, i will definitely be back to have more pizza! ""delicious pizza! i had "
3763,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices. melt in your mouth- good on bacon too. i'd take a giant slice and call it a day. ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great on bacon too! we got lucky & got a table one day when everyone was having a wee. we were just joking around & passing around some fake wings. they kindly gave us ones made famous on yelp & that was priceless. i can't wait to go back and try those again. i bet i wont be back. i lived it! i ruined their Friday with my filthy joke."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a bunch of wings. "
3764,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are a nice side with extra toppings.  i like to eat it all together and save the thin crust for leftovers.  sometimes it's refreshing to have a savory dish instead of the typical cookie cutter like cookie cutter 2015.  especially when the crust is so thin it melts into the topping and i'm left with a piping hot cookie cutter cookie pizza.    the thin crust pizza slices are still good and still tasty.  i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also tasty "
3765,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and the cheese is freshly grated. salads are generous portions with tasty toppings. phily cheesesteaks are also fresh and perfectly grilled.  will definitely return."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.   will definitely be back for another slice, or three."" ""i've been "
3766,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices at a time and there's plenty left to save you and your group the $6.99 price tag. of course, that includes the cheesesteaks.    i chose the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the fresh spinach dip. the spinach dip was tasty too, but i preferred the sausage pizza over the others. the mild cheese pizza (ricotta) was a touch salty, but i think it helped me tolerate the taste better.   for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, marinara sauce, and shredded sharp cheddar.  it was sooo goooood!    i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was "
3767,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and you can buy the cheese cheese (I think it's grated parm) along with a variety of other toppings.   i chose the tomato and herbs cheese pizza and the marinara spaghetti while my male companion wanted to go a different route and ordered a pizza with chicken and spinach.   he was fine with that, though i can't say for sure because i was not at the table that evening."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the "
3768,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good! i crave it all the time.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza! ben, the owner is awesome too "
3769,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also great.  note that it's cash only so do be patient.  they eventually open yourself up to the possibility of a free meal if you stay past 9 (but be warned, some may not be open that late) so plan accordingly.  you will have an awesome pizza, at the very least you will feel like a true gent for a few minutes.  no matter your tastes or budget, you will enjoy your pizza.  just be aware that you will likely spend more money, but for as good as it is hot, it's the best pizza i have had in arcadia area.    please, feel free to contact me if you have any dietary restrictions or dietary preferences that you would like to discuss "
3770,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and deep dish made with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms and garlic; this is the real deal cheesecakes; this is delicious!   one of the best chicago style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice; really friendly and good pizza; ping pong table for two; seriously the pizza is good, it was even good cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!"" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome."" ""i've had pizza here twice in one week. the first time i ate half and i thought it was a good choice as it had a decent amount of carbs. the second time "
3771,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and delicious. thin crust pizza is very affordable and tasty. thick crust pizza needs to be more affordable and tasty. thin crust pizza needs more choices in dipping sauces.  every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza and italian food, bringing together the best of both worlds. items on the menu that have stood the test of time are still great -- think of classicnero's pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions, and also ta pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach.  it's pricey, but it's good, cheap, solid pizza.  watch out for "
3772,5,Positive, Cheese Pizza slices: like normal sized pizza with extra sauce on top. i recommend sautéing some onions before eating them as they help give it a bit of extra zing. and the mild cheese is a nice side with some grated cheese on the side - just a heads up as it's spicy!  when my husband and i first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a party of 5+ - for just me and my husband we were sat right away. large families/parties need to realize that places that have just opened up very quickly can have long wait times - it's common sense. we sat at a small side table and were not too shocked at how long it took to get a table. we expected it 
3773,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices is at the heart of every great pizza.  that is why we love supporting local companies and giving them a break.  that is why we are supporters of local companies and supporting local jobs.  in short, the pizza you eat, the pizza you buy, the pizza you make is made in the United States.  that is why so many of my friends and I love eating here -- because it's American.  no other cheese pizza compares to real cheese pizza in terms of quality, price, and chances of being made with fresh ingredients.    next time youre at skee vegas, stop by and try one of those chili dogs.  they are amazing.  cheers, ""loved the "
3774,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and online ordering is as easy as pie. hot and iced!  pizza is a must have!  give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in town! the sauce was so good and the staff was great. also, the mozzarella appetizers are extremely good! yum!!"" ""the idea behind this place is great. it screams nostalgia for any gamer while providing really good pizza. the pepperoni pizza was delicious. the crust was thin and crisp, just the right amount of cheese. they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper! being able to play video games "
3775,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices per slice.   regular cheese pizza had around 5-6 toppings on it, and was basically a cheese pizza with some mushrooms on it ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) .  i prefer sticking with the pizza that has just been baked, as it's a bit easier to eat raw.  i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their "
3776,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are not made with fresh mozzarella cheese, but with store-bought shredded cheese please. the slices are large and there are about 4 to 6 of them, depending on the size of pizza you order. because of this, i would strongly advise against ordering large pizza, as you will overindulge and ruin the taste of the pizza. instead, i suggest splitting the large pizza with your table and trying one of the smaller pizza pieces, such as the thin crust pizza below.  if you are still not convinced, i would also suggest trying the crust on your own, as it is quite possibly the most amazing pizza i have ever had!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes are the "
3777,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made daily 2am! every time we come in we look for a new slice! what a wonderful addition to downtown. highly recommended! ""duck poutine pizza! oh so good! we ate half today, rose tomorrow and all we ordered was breadsticks. good place to come for a quick bite while shopping.   this place is always great my husband and i. we love the pizza and the wings. the frozen yogurt and cookies are too. when my husband and i were here before, there was a decent amount of people - maybe due to the large restaurant, maybe not. but if you get a table early and keep an open mind, you'll see some serious buzz cut eateries.   if you "
3778,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices is a must.  it is sooo goooood!  i can still taste the salty cheese and pepper flakes and the thick slice of bread comes with some spicy mayo.  if you are ever in crystal, you must go to mr. cheese's - he is a regular and will definitely please you.  also, extremely important: do not forget to ask for the spicy mayo because it is the perfect compliment if you can eat it without it being too spicy.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh "
3779,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh every time we come in. they are also very flavorful, giving them a homemade feeling. the wedges are very crispy and delicious, especially with the sauce. we also love the cheese pizza, where cheese curds melt in your mouth.   we both love their nachos, and they are always good choices for a nachos truck. they are also very generous with the choices they offer, choosing foods that are high in quality and sharing alfredo and/or nachos.    please, come to la! you won't be disappointed!"" ""this is the best nachos truck in vegas  i have ever seen. they are very full of themselves, making you feel "
3780,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily - no frozen doughs or canned sauces! tasty and very affordable snack food. good places to eat near clifton. """""" ""clifton rocks! i can't believe that i've been missing this restaurant for so long.  i've been looking at rwb on yelp and reading all the negative reviews but this is absolutely perfect.  the pizza is good, the salads are good, and the chicken fingers are delicious!  would definately recommend!  i parked near their box office but they would not stop bringing me food until i said okay.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york "
3781,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are similar in look and taste to those found in many large pizza chains. like many large pizza chains, they use a lot of cheese in the making of the pizza. the slices are huge, and most of them are missing the cheese.  i recommend trying them both, but if you're looking for a tasty break from the big cheese, try the milder cheese pizza found in the sidebar.  though the pizza is delicious, the hidden-fruit slice would be equally good.  desserts are thin and do not need to be ordered in a large.  indeed, my chocolate chip cookies were not overly sweet, and my strawberry shortcake was not overly rich.  instead of requiring additional toppings, I recommend leaving them alone and coming back "
3782,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices prices even further and is also delicious. the crust is thin and crispy which is important for me. they also use organic whole wheat crust which i am loving! in my previous reviews i have written about the homemade blue cheese curd which they also make into a delicious sauce.   i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that the hummus is just mainly piled on top in the center instead of spread uniformly over the pizza as a base. so basically you eat the pizza with veggies on it, and then take a spoon to the center to get the hummus. all of the ingredients tasted good despite the awkward "
3783,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are delishingly rich.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis , all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch "
3784,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are sooo goooood! i think the ratio of the ingredients is good and there was plenty of cheese :).  i ordered chicken tenders and they came with a really flavorful sauce. they were hot and fresh and the chicken flavorful. i definitely will come back to this place.  anyway, back to business as usual for the next few weeks."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust pizza and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!   "
3785,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, flavorful, and melt-in-your mouth delicious. the melt in your mouth stuff is also real deal good stuff. it's like snowing in Vegas with all the strip club girls trying their hand at hookah.   all of this talk of frozen pizza and casseroles is BS. they are prepared food items and will cook your food just as good fresh or over night.   i don't know of any other restaurant that serves this kind of pizza over night."" ""they have such good pizza. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant was packed with patrons. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the restaurant did. we ordered a pizza & it was fantastic!  "
3786,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and delicious!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!   ""immensely popular pizza restaurant mr. cheese has empaneled itself firmly into the heart of downtown.   spots that still bear the unmistakable aroma of the old-fashioned pizza oven are a dime a dozen, if you know what I mean.   many a cool night we've ordered from him, and each one has been equally enjoyable.   the crust is "
3787,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are equally as good as the big boys at the grocery store, and they're cheaper as well.   at least for me. i'm a huge fan of the thin crust varieties, and the 5 cheese pizza I ordered today was just that: a thin crust pizza with 5 cheese.   i'm sure it wouldn't be very good as a sandwich, but it would be good cold for a sandwich and really good for sharing... with a friend.   it also has a great flavor, having been thawed several times already."" super yummy pizzas and salads!  super affordable and the food is amazing. always friendly and fast service. ""good pizza, great salads and the price doesn't make you "
3788,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are the best i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like "
3789,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also delicious, but i like to eat whole pieces instead of chopped.   the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too.  that stuff is delicious.  only thing is, i don't know why they keep throwing away so many product coupons.  at least they give you 10 cents on the dollar to use on consumable items."" ""when you have visited this restaurant, you will know that it is the place to come for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of s "
3790,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are good too, but the ratio of cheese/sauce/crust is good enough to warrant a spot on any good-old-fashioned pizza pack.  rating:  slice: 4-cheese (average),  crust: 3.5-,  size: small,  price:  high schooler price,  comfort food,  relaxation food,  elementary school cafeteria food,  KFC chicken nuggets,  and any other junk food you like."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had plenty of food and took advantage of the large salad and crispy chicken tenders.  everything was delicious!  also "
3791,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and cheese bread smeared with sauerkraut and mustard seeds, topped with spinach and topped with meat sauce.  presentation was delicious as always!    service was always friendly and prompt even though there was an upstairs with a dart board and ping pong table.  i enjoy games of touch football and bad tempered grilling.  staff always goes out of their way to please and is happy to entertain.  highly recommend!"" ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, service great, and pizza was fantastic!  we've found a new hangout!  can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza and the friendly staff at this restaurant is no "
3792,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really thin and gooey, and the rich dough helps thicken it up a bit.  i prefer to eat it plain but if need be I can always go back and tweak the toppings a little.  minus if you don't want to suffer the consequences of not having an ice cream wedge or three.)  second time i ate there i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! pepperoni is nice and all, but i really want it to be aioli instead of thick crust which it was. great pizza!! yum!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like "
3793,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices make an excellent snack before a show!  i highly recommend sharing one small with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waiters is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but still has a great flavor. the wedges are also delicious and very healthy. just think of them as grilled chicken or chicken with rice.. just sautéed vegetables with a few spices and you have the perfect entree meal.   you "
3794,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices.  i understand that some people don't like black olives, so if you don't like that sort of thing i definitely wouldn't fault you.  if you do like it and want to try more things i would definitely endorse a wiener or two."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server, who was a little too friendly, took our order and we were given a glass of wine with that delicious sauce. we quickly learned that this is not the usual pizza that we associate with chicago.  we ordered a mushroom pizza and a vegetable one, and were respectively pleased with the pizza.  mushrooms are soo good!  crispy, not too greasy, and very tasty "
3795,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. slices are hot and fresh, and the aroma of freshly baked bread and condiments intoxicates the senses. once again, i would like to express my sincere appreciation to all the employees and patrons of this wonderful restaurant. i will be back; it is now or never."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes are good too!  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  oh, and it's cheap rent-a-table space.  beautifully renovated, this is a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food."" ""it may be little "
3796,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are more like mini cheessels, complete with tomato, spinach, and herbs.  add fried egg and peas and you have me a mini cheessel i can get behind.  the other half has tomato, spinach, and mint leaves in it.  to spice it up we asked if we could pay attention to the ingredient lists on the packages we ordered.  sadly no regular  pepperoni, but we will definitely pay attention when we are in the area.  the slices are thinner and better balanced between chewier and more of a freshner taste.  in my opinion, the ratio of the ingredients is just right.  we will definitely be back"" this was so good! i came here because they have a vegan pizza that "
3797,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and dab of garlic for dipping. great on the go breakfast!  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course was awesome too!  but the real star here is the pizza, and i'll continue to go back again and again! the arugula salad was tasty too, but i preferred the white :)  will definitely return."" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must endorse!"" ""i came here after receiving a free pizza at a yelp event.  being that it was sunday and he was staying over, they gave him a slice of the pizza as well as a drink coupon. "
3798,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made daily  right there!  five boroughs pizza is the real deal!  I crave it all the time.  10 fresh herbs, perfectly seasoned, coated in tomato sauce, and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping is delicious!  there is no other pepperoni i like better!    every one needs to try this!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed "
3799,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really thin and delicious. if you like thin greasy french fries you will like this place. they are also generous with the toppings they give. i suggest people to bring a little bit of everything else as well. the bbq florentine pizza and the wedges along with the hummus along with a generous portion of home made sauce is what makes this place so uniquely yummy. every time i go in they always have a great beer on tap - beer, wine, cocktails, native gringos... you name it and they will bring it!  my fave is the house made spicy jalapeno pizza (ricotta pizza), whereupon i immediately felt like a little kid again and munched on some "
3800,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! every slice is made perfect! i am a fan! i crave it all the time! every pizza is made freshly baked and it's all i am ordered to go!  that is amazing!! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""...another winner from yelp!  top notch pizza!  outstanding wings!  oh and the best chicken tenders ever "
3801,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are sooo goooood! i crave them all the time. the boyfriend has had none other than a chocolate chip cookie, too. needs must again. :)"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is the best pizza i have ever eaten. the sauce was so good! i am a fan of this place and will be back. go try it!"" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto "
3802,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so so so good!  do yourself a favor and place an order today! :)"" best pizza in las vegas for the past 9 months and counting! the pizza is always good and the staff is friendly.  highly recommend! ""pizza is pretty good, only recently having visited the strip and taking in the arcades.  pizza parc y is a good place to stop by if you're on the go binge.  pizzas are pretty good, especially the meschetta varieties.    while las vegas might not have the best pizza, it has some of the best pizza i've had in arcadia area.   the owner and staff are both extremely friendly, and the pizza is "
3803,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices = 9 crisco shortening is very very good margherita - good, but not the best grilled garlic cheese bread = 9 margherita = good, but not the best ate pizza = good, but not the best salami = good, but not the best bq chicken = good, but not the best chilis = good, but not the best margherita + tomato salsa = good, but not the best shall return and try those again!"" ""when can i say i was absolutely delighted with this place. i had ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,so i was a little skeptical when my waiter brought along a small pizza with "
3804,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each time we eat there.  there was a time when i would have been happy to order pizza from their regular location but alas...they stay true to their word!  i ordered the white pizza and it was exactly as described; a very tasty cheese pizza, just lacking in some toppings.    i know it's weird.  but trust me when i say that  when this pizza is bad for you it's  not because it's bad oregano's, it's because they don't make anymore  oh so good  pizza !    i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks, but they were gone before another thought came up.  instead i "
3805,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, great on the go breakfast!  i usually get the pepperoni or add hot peppers to it...either way it's amazing!  i always get the pepperoni cheese bread which is awesome too!  i'm not crazy about this style of pepperoni but i usually get the good pizza or the thin crust pizza and i'm okay."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.    i wanted to try something new, so i found the closest ny pizza place I could find. ordered two large pizzas with garlic balls (12) and was happy with the order. the pizza "
3806,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh every time we come to eat here!  sauce is very sauce friendly giving it a homemade feeling.  cheese is great and so is their cornmeal batter.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and perfectly melted cheese they are delicious.  every bite is important as they go and so is the texture of the cornmeal batter.  there is no other pizza i like better.  i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza being made and served, but alas i am too lazy to go look for info on when/ where/ how often/ how much/  you get to try their beer selection.  do yourselves a favor and try it.  you wont be disappointed."" ""parents "
3807,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices of true to name making it ultra delicious. great spot for a slice of late night pizza eating. highly recommend!"" 24 hour service! 24 hour delivery and pick up option. menu is valid 24 hours.  prices are valid on delivery day.  24 hour service and pick up option.  menu is valid 24 hours.  prices are valid on delivery day.  pick up is limited. please be aware of that.  we will not charge you for delivery if you do not want to order delivery.  please do not assume we will come out to you or that you must come to our house to order.  we will come out to you if you are ready to order and want."" this is one of the best new y "
3808,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are quite good - thin and crispy crust cooked to perfection and the cheese cheese mixture melted cheese whey.  note: i believe this place is still open for business - if you know it's open feel free to call/email."" super yummy pizzas and salads!  amazing service and pizza.  will definitely come back for another slice! ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. they lost a slice when they tried to charge for it, but i didn't have to pay for it. i will definitely come back and try those again.  we ordered a lot more pizza - alfredo pizza, ch "
3809,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are basically cheese sticks filled with cheese, herbs, and spices.  i don't why but i find this type of bland delicious.  another thing i noticed was that a slice of pizza that i didn't like had pepperoni, sausage, and onion heads.  if you're ever in pittsburgh, you must go to charbar and order the cheese pizza cones.  they are the perfect balance of sweet and cheese, and the flavors are amazing.    after seeing charbar on yelp, i was sure to try their pizza.  although i ate only about half of their pizza, i left with an absolutely fantastic slice of pizza and an absolutely awesome conscience.  i now know why charbar is so popular "
3810,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices come with lots of cheese so be sure to check that box!  if you get dessert, it's the best tasting sugar cookies you've ever had!  i can still taste the vanilla and strawberry flavors.  they are not overly sweet or too sour.  they are just right.  i get dessert all the time and it is delicious.  i usually get the small or large size.  in my opinion, the small is still a great size and the flavor is still awesome.  i definitely get the grapes in all my desserts and i'm not a huge fan of the barbecue sauce, but the grapes in the small are still perfectly berry and tender.  my kids love their pizza and the kids at my table do "
3811,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and cheese cheese is good. and so many other things!  it's amazing!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like "
3812,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily - even the middle of July! i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, vegan cheese will never be copied.    you must try the mozzarella bread which it's so tasty - especially with the arugula salad and the mediterranean salad! you must try the arugula pizzas however, they are even better! the cashew pizza is a pinch salty but still has a good flavor. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. they are also a great conversation piece when sharing with your table! i highly recommend this place for any pizza lover, anytime, "
3813,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made with scratch made cheese from local cow, which is good since i'm a huge fan of this horrible dish.  note: please do not ask for the recipe. i understand but i don't think it's necessary."" ""all sandwiches are really good! new york style good, american slice really good, lots of meat options (which is kind of important), lots of cheese (which is also kind of important), and very affordable ply they have thick crust pizza which is awesome. all sandwiches are $9.99 - it's actually cheaper than pizza by the slice at most places - so please do not expect to eat free!   i would have to agree on the comments below on the quality of the food; some "
3814,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices (8 to order) and four kinds of cheeses, which you can combine together.  great on the go breakfast!  or serve it with hummus on the side - whatever you prefer!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i love, love, love that it is near the sports book, sports bar, and restaurants that surround it.  it's also not too far from dine in, even after all the heavy lifting has occurred."" ""i was here with friends a few weeks back and i must say i was quite impressed by the "
3815,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  everyone on our crew loved the pizza. each slice was unique and had a good flavor. we ate a large pepperoni and salami slice, a combo pizza and a salad, and a medley of cheeses. i would totally eat ramen noodles again (i am a huge fan) and i would definitely eat ramen noodle soup (my second time i went).   everything was awesome! i wish i had a video so you could see the pizza getting cooked and smeared with garlic, and even more awesome! garlic knots are perfectly cooked and the bottom crust is golden brown!  everyone was really friendly and prompt.  i will definitely come back here!    this will be our "
3816,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are involved (!!!) and the four cheese pizza adds another layer of decadence. one slice is AMAZING!! we ate several slices in one sitting. i recommend people to get together and order a whole!! i did and i will tell everyone about how delicious it was!!!"" ""i enjoyed the pizza. it was tasty. and the sauce was a great compliment to the pizza. they also provided some great hot and cold recipes. i liked lasagna a lot. it was tasty too."" ""i thought this was a pizza place so we all ordered pizza. we got nothing but slices and ate the whole thing ourselves!  i got to try the mushroom pizza and i am a fan!! it was tasty as all get out and "
3817,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are pretty affordable, especially since you can get a large pizza with sausages and spinach.   the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious; however, the garlic bread and wedges that came with the pizza were quite good.  i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try some mushroom pizza and it was equally delicious.   there was some debate as to whether or not to get the pepperoni or the parmesan cheese pizza, but i got to decide and i loved the decision.    the crust was thin and crispy, giving it a homemade feeling.  parmesan cheese was also tasty, though i preferred the plain to the spicy. "
3818,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices at most $7-9, but the real deal is the play by play of the players and the amazing spread this makes you hungry after you fold all your folded napkins.   the slices are awesome also, as are the little salads that come with them.   i prefer not to eat all my lunch meat dishes at once, but they are still tasty ny style.   please, go ahead and make your reservations in case they are down.  i will definitely eat here again and i will definitely be back."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a "
3819,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh!  noodles are pretty generous for the price tag ($9-14)   the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable. they also do a fantastic job at making you comfortable by making you feel welcome regardless of your race, religion, sexual orientation, or gender.     in my opinion, the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that i could not attend as i was visiting from out of town. i will definitely come back and try that pizza again. :)"" my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of "
3820,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  sauce is made right here too!  it's the real deal! every bite is important! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a "
3821,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, baked to order and topped with baby pepperonis, jalapeno and parmesan cheese.  the crust is melt-in-your mouth delicious and the cheese is gooey and melted.    olives, on the other hand, were not on point...probably because they were too expensive, but they were still good.    we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" super yummy pizza and salad, the flavors were amazing. we had the custom pizza and cheese pizza and the mild cheese pizza. very busy inside, but nice atmosphere has a really nice patio seating area. ""super yummy pizza and salad, the flavors were "
3822,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i crave them all the time.    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza! ben, the owner "
3823,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked each time we come in. slices are huge and enough for two slices of normal sized pizza. they are also very tasty, as far as pizza goes."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""amazing savory pies!!!  the green chili gringo hand pie is ridiculous.  perfect flakey crust, just the right amount of filling of pork green chili, eggs, potatoes and cheddar- great on the go breakfast!  "
3824,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and topped with hot buns! well, yes it's cheesy but it's still darn tasty!  bummer... :( but we'll definitely come back and try those again! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, "
3825,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really good. i suggest people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. meat-friendly and surprisingly tasty. also ask for the spicy oil. that adds a lot of flavor to it.   please, do not pass up the opportunity to try their pizza. it's delicious."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  anyway, we decided to stop in and i could not have been any happier with the decision we made. we ordered the chicken tenders, mushroom pizza, and the 4pc chicken "
3826,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, tasty and completely customizable - you can make it pizza of any size or cut it into smaller pieces and it is still delicious. the wedges are perfectly cooked and crispy and the crust is homemade - they even taste good roasted with powdered and cinnamon sugar. it has been my tradition ever since sunday ny style closed down on coventry rd and the only way to get your hands on some fresh pizza is to order through sunday style. so when my boyfriend and i saw that they were opening a location next door so we thought we'd give them a try...  ... and yes, we did order through them again and again. they were right next to where we went to get pizza and they were very hospitable "
3827,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and delicious. they are hot and  tasty. great on the go breakfast!  i also tried the drizzled with soy sauce, garlic and fresh herbs, and that was delicious. not too sweet in the description, we must say we were surprised by how well it turned out.  prices are very good, too, and the store is located off lorain road closer to the fairview bridge and kamn's corner area.  there is plenty of parking and you can bike there if you want."" bruno was recommended to us by a good friend and they did not stear us wrong.  one of the best pizzas we have had in a long time.   the sauce was so good and "
3828,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made from scratch from scratch every time we eat here.  therefore, every bite counts.  10 minutes of eating here, and you will have your pizza.  note: you must be 21 or older to order to keep your tab, and you must be over 18 to drink, but i would imagine that most teens under 21 are not bothered by the rule and are more interested in having a drink after a few too many drinks at a local bar.  also, be warned: strong margarita or vodka will not put you to sleep, it will just make you hungrier.    i would even go as far to say that excessive alcohol content is not something i would want my grandkids drinking, it is something they "
3829,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are absolutely perfect. thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. we ate a delicious baked ziti "
3830,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each time we order and the cheese is melted cheddar rather than spread on top as a topping.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" super yummy pizza and salad!  pizza was awesome - especially the hummus salad!  super yummy and the healthiest thing i've had in days, actually.  everything was delicious and we got home with leftovers "
3831,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices is something you gotta try if you're looking for something fairly quick but delivers well.  note: i don't know if i would recommend this place to my extended family, but it was a good quick bite when i needed it."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" "
3832,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  delivery dude is always nice and courteous.    would definately recommend! i definitely won't pass up a chance to try something new!"" ""the thought of spending $10 on a slice of pizza crust and candied pineapple ice cream set me back about $20. not a huge price to pay to have a pizza with fresh mozzarella, salami, and tomato...i've been there.   the crust is light and crisp, the ice cream is creamy and thick, and the cheeze rocks are perfectly blended together.   the crust is homemade - i am not crazy about this style of crust where the dough is covered in butter but it was still delicious "
3833,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices is lightly battered and baked to order. when my pizza is done it is perfectly cooked and cheese is gooey and melted. when my boyfriend had asked if he meant to say 2 liter he said no. so now that they have taken away my tuesday special i can tell you at this moment that the chances of us going to nellos after this are slim to none.  i'm severely disappointed that they have no specials anymore but nothing lasts forever i guess. i will miss you nellos very much i will but i guess we will be sticking closer to home and trying out pizza on 87....sigh.... :("" ""the 10"""" margherta pizza smelled fresh and yummy and the 4pc chicken mix was "
3834,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices. i can still taste the salty, gooey center from time to time. fresh mozzarella cheese is nice and all, complemented well by a fresh herb/garlic sauce. they also serve up a nice side of marinara sauce, which i am not crazy about but love to try it is Garlic GoldNina. you can make your own garlic gold, and if you really want to spice up your pizza day you can ask for the spicy garlic oil. any of these would be great pizza toppings, and so many other things!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another "
3835,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily- i highly recommend ordering delivery just to be on the safe side but pizza delivery rarely fails to deliver on time or on-time.....or is that sarcasm?....i definitely thought it was sarcasm as i flipped through the menu and noticed none of the items were made in USA......yet.           my husband and i both love their delivered pizza and will most definitely order from them again.    if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno cheese sauce instead.  add a generous doll of spicy salami and sausages to your order and eat it with breadsticks instead.   you won "
3836,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made with scratch made just like the real deal! i can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that. give it a try if you're looking for something tasty -- and definitely worth a look around."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite tasty, too. let me say upon arrival of our food i was shocked by how generous the slices were!  to the servers and bartenders; i will forever remember your unruly delicious!  you guys ROCK!!!"" ""we "
3837,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are similar to those found in cab drivers - thin, crispy crust cooked to perfection in a flavorful sauce.   my only complaint is that my pizza did not taste better reheated in a microwave oven.  my advice is to try it both ways - great cold or hot.  I have had many friends who have enjoyed their pizza and will definitely be back."" ""the pizza was really tasty!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.  We got hungry quick and sat right away.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and decided to call this place.  it was delivered in 45 minutes.  "
3838,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh every time we come in and the delivery driver is friendly.  i would definitely come back!"" ""the best new york style pizza in town! the thick crust pizza is good, the thick slice is even better! we mainly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is a perfect compliment if you like thin crust pizza."" ""this is possibly the best pizza i ever eaten. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they even gave me a thin crust pizza and a hot cookie for topping with. well done!"" ""the best pizza that just launched, so far... im loving it! the wings are amazing and the pizza is really good "
3839,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and delicious. sandwiches are made fresh and tasty and entrees are made from scratch!  i crave them both right now!  excellent place to eat after a night of drinking!"" ""cocktails are good, pizza is good, and the service is good.  when you have 3 stars for something it must be the best decision you've made in a long time.  at least for me.  i'll be back."" ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, service great, and pizza was fantastic!  we've found a new hangout!  can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are "
3840,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices of good, local, go-to-guy cheese.   just because it's cheese doesn't make it any less delicious :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! mostly because i eat a lot of pizza by the slice. sometimes i like to try something new and i-don't want to say too many compliments but these darn good! the roasted chicken is delicious and the hummus salad is perfect. they both have toppings that are homemade and come with real fresh herbs. also, the sauce is so goooood! ""rice pizza is such a genius! i have tried a variety of brands and this is the best i have ever had. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. it was even hand "
3841,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are even better!  they're thin crust but they cooked perfectly and the cheese was gooey and melted.  i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and the salty parmesan makes me want to spit it out.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i definitely recommend smoking a lot of weed there as well."" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating "
3842,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are nothing to write home about.  the real star here is the pizza itself.  that is what this review is all about.  after so many purchases of comparable priced pizza, you can bet your bottom dollar that we will not have another go at it.    i ordered the white pie with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i know that sounds gross), and sweet white onions.  it was so delicious!  i ate the whole pizza, topped with goat cheese, and it was complete and perfect.  i had a soft bottom, some sort of ricotta cheese, and spinach.  they give a good amount of spinach.  i consumed most of it myself, leaving me with about a quarter.  my husband ate "
3843,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are very good!  small walk up is plenty cool for work and for eating after the moon games and practices.  lots of tables inside, so for lunch you can have a drink, eat some food and have it hot before going to bed.  also many ny pizza places that have been around for 30 years still doing a good job.  30 minutes from my house on a luge/sandwich and  having  awesome pizza forever.  30 for $5, really good bang for the buck.  highly recommended!"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust "
3844,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good! i crave it all the time. also, the flaming margarita is a great break from the norm.  we were lucky enough to spend an afternoon with our very own james mexican pizza creator, dan mexican. we talked about his pizza and he was very honest with us. he makes damn good pizza and it is a very affordable dining option. he also confirmed that they are really good.  we will definitely be back."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with "
3845,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices for under $20 and they are absolutely perfect. huge slices, hot and fresh, perfectly melted cheese and the most amazing sauce. i would order those again.  tips: if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting that with a stronger cocktail for an even better experience later on. i definitely thought it finished well."" ""i got lucky today. my buddy and i went to dinner with our two young daughters. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating. they showed us around the restaurant and i ordered my daughters a pizza slice and a soda. they gave it to us both after explaining a few things.   i definitely recommend this place to my friends and family!  they seem "
3846,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices. with cheese on it and thick slices of pepperoni and cheddar, it's an absolute steal. if you're looking for some much-needed math fun, try a slice of this pizza and some serious motivated eating, try my famous beef tall slice. but be warned: some may find this challenging, grueling, and/or overwhelming."" ""my new york pizza was always delicious, and the guys at big cheese seem to be doing a good job of it. i'll be back. i may even be visiting this site to try their pizza. cheers!"" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to "
3847,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! cheese pizza is sooo goooood!   the wedges are wonderfully flavored and crispy. they are also very tasty. we especially loved the mediterranean salad. choose between hummus or hummus pasta. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we ate there friday night and it was a great location - very romantic. they make it so easy to find a table, even though it's cash only. we ordered a pizza and a salad, and they brought along a variety of entrees. my fav was the chicken artichoke bruschetta! "
3848,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily - rwb! why are they made like that and how come there is no soy sauce, rice, or corn syrup in the dough? you ask? that's what this post is all about! if you are ever in tua keep an eye on the daily specials - they are the only way to know when the pizza is truly handmade!"" ""whenever pizza falls on my pizza day list, I always check to see if there has been a change in hours. unfortunately, there has not been a recent change in hours.  therefore, i will be leaving my pizza at home until i am able to go inside and try their pizza.  in the meantime, i have prepared a small salad to share as an optional "
3849,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  amazing to think that they even make these delicious slices!  a post shared by bar n check out!"" ""bring your own bottle of wine or beer and your very own slice! i recommend the cabernet sauvignon pizza - extremely popular! i also tried the mega porter, which is sweet and tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i can't believe i forgot to mention they were back in business. i went in for my ritual slice & can of tuesday night dinner, and there was no more tuesday altogether.  i was sadden by the lack of choice.  we ended up getting a pizza with mushroom and spinach and he said "
3850,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. hot and fresh makes good pizza. makes you feel like a pro when playing tag. 10 minutes from the strip in the afternoon is a lovely thing to stop by and have a slice of the great pizza.  ""the pizza was really good! lots of toppings, it was delicious! we got lucky to be here because we came across a table that liked pizza. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami, and of course were happy with that too!  we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears and eating cheese curds.  we were starving and decided to call this place.  it was delivered "
3851,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices and you can put any cheese you like on it. i recommend going with a small amount cheese so you can share. i highly recommend this place for any pizza lover."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location "
3852,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are very, very good.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun.  if you want to be a tad bit more spicy, you can also indulge in the sauerkraut...which obviously needs to be reeealed).  you really can't go wrong with the pizzas, and any small can be done in whole wheat dough which is great if you wanna be a bit healthier. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i think of it as butter cake batter).  once you dip your hands in it "
3853,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are same as regular size, but they're large because they've been flavored with sauerkraut...mmm.  check out the pic of the rim of the glasses.  they're large.    they were so good.  i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation, and i can still remember the friendly faces we always had when we walked in.  guess i got lucky because i moved on to other restaurants.  now that i'm a regular at this place, i really want this place to succeed.  because it's nice to have a place to call your own, and because it's convenient from where i am, walking to this place is a breeze.    it "
3854,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are nothing to write home about. one slice and you're good for sharing... but for sharing you'd better hope you got another slice before you complained.  you really can't go wrong with the pizzas - the rich sauce is to die for and so is the basil.   the crust is rich and creamy, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!   the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! and their subs and "
3855,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are topped with meat sauce, onions, and peppers, and then baked until golden brown.  note: i believe this place is still open after 6 months!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! go ahead and place an order now! ""ordered the gluten free pizza with hummus and it was delicious! the hummus was great and the salad was a nice side with lots of fresh fruit and veggies! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""my mom and dad both love pizza and they are usually pretty happy with it. they always ask the same thing and it gives me a monday vibe.  i say if you wanna be a little bit of a pizza snob you can always try the gluten "
3856,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are hand-cut, melt- butter- and oven-proofing-resistant, and they're covered with pureed-from-the-head tomatoes. ny style? yes, please!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  "
3857,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh from freshly ground comppi cheese. it is the soulFood of my childhood - the kind of food that makes you want to retire to your room and make pizza like your mom did. it is the kind of food that you need to finish a cold one and the kind of food that will keep you going all night long. at least for me.   at least for now.  there are lots of great new york style restaurants in the area and a whole lot of great locally owned restaurants that deserve a shot at stardom.  there are a ton of great restaurants in the area but few that will put you to bed after midnight."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and "
3858,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily 5-6 weeks in a row...so yeah, i ain't complaining. cheese is good too, but the slices are a bit tougher than you'd expect for the price point they're at.   generally speaking, though, it's a good choice. i like the sonics of late night pizza and the chrome knuckles look awesome while doing it.   you want to be a bit more adventurous and try some of the specialty pizzas.  i recommend the torito or the mesquite pizza and the hachapuri.  the crust is thin and crisp, the toppings are right on point and the ambience is inviting.    while the mesquite pizza was once "
3859,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily. injuries and illnesses reported are always investigated and addressed immediately. i will continue to work hard to provide you with the highest quality products and the best pizza possible. Thank you for your continued support and friendship!"" ""familia!  it's such a shame that so many years have passed since there were no photos on this place's menu.  since then, many have tried their hands at pizza, and while many have enjoyed the pizza, i personally do not think it improves upon the original.  nor does it please my husband and i.  we will continue to go back!  now that there are more photos on the menu, and clearly labeled photos, you can really get a feel for the decor and staff. "
3860,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  pizzaiolo's are very good!  every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and prompt even though the restaurant is busy at noon."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  busy enough to keep you occupied for 90 minutes, but not so packed that you get bored easily.  a wide variety of pizza's ranging from new york to calgary's backyard grill.  plenty of cool vendors doing things like that.  all the while being very friendly and inviting.  a real wrap!    cibo is fun, it's fun to hang out at for a drink, it's fun to talk to people there and it's a fun place to "
3861,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are great too, though i prefer buying them in bricks and mortar.  they're cheaper and also gives you more cheese.  i also like the unique sauce that comes with them - it really enhances the flavor of the whole piece of cheese.  the slices are also pretty tasty, as are the crock pot version and many other types of pizza.  i really get along with my husband and with my two little boys, 8 and 3, we are extremely used to pizza.  we both love deep dish and think it is awesome on many levels.  i will definitely be back - and possibly the world."" ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of the year-round green salads and the organic pesto. "
3862,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices is easily one of my favorite pizza places in the country. it's also a very reasonable price considering the quality of the food.   today i ordered one of the lunch packs wi...  a small pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,; a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and tomato.,;  a combo pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,;  a salad with walnuts and spinach.,;  a roll with hummus and spinach.,;  a side of spicy salami and sausages.,;  a wedge pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and tomato.;;  a hummus roll with hummus and spinach.;;  a "
3863,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i crave it all the time.  i am a huge fan of piola's pizza and will most definitely be back!  the service is good and quick.  i am a fan of the hot cookies but they go really well with the chocolate chip cookies too!  really yummy and yummy confections!  i really want this place to succeed!  give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously... "
3864,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  sauce is very hand-crafted, tastes amazing bbq style!  everything is homemade, i promise!  well, except for the last one, in which i will freely admit i have no idea.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=z "
3865,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really tasty. i like to add some tomato sauce to mine. it adds a lot of zing to the whole experience of eating a cheese pizza.  the thin crust pizza here is also tasty. they give you a really light and crispy crust, which is good for me.  the thick crust pizza here is still good, even though i haven't tried it. i'll be back.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? "" "
3866,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made with whole wheat crust which is great if you're sensitive to that sort of thing. if you want to be a bit healthier just splitting the dough with some of those grapes...I understand but i prefer it this way.   food: 4, food pairings(please comment if you're a first-timer or want to be eligible to win a pair): meat-free pizza(vegan), nutella pizza(organic), chocolate chip cookies(natural), and spicy cookies(authentic)  service: 4, environment: 6, price: $8"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly "
3867,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices. No cheese on them, just slices of pizza that will please your pallette. if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard slice of pizza,  though. or the white :)  you really can't go wrong with the pizzas, and any small can be done in whole wheat dough which is great if you wanna be a bit healthier. they aren't intended to be italian-style thin crust pizzas so do be aware of that. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs "
3868,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices = 9 and so many more...   we were there early for dinner on a wednesday and it was not crowded and we were not leaving early. we ordered a large cheese pizza and an order of bread with hummus. the pizza was awesome and they were happy to give it to us. we will definitely eat here again on a date with our 4x4 truck.   we will definitely stop back in and try their dinner menu again."" super yummy pizzas and salads!  very neighborly!  very green space - which is nice for a pizza place. ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend "
3869,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh in house and are loaded with quality toppings. slices are hot and crispy with a real taste of care and love.   bottom line: you can eat pizza as is, or as a sandwich, or as a fried egg and topped with crostini. i recommend the crostini over the pizza as it's a bit easier to clean up after yourself.   bottom line: good pizza, at a fair price.  bottom line: i eat there quite often and have never been let down by its humble beginnings."" ""owner was a bit skeptical but we went for the challenge and he gave us a delicious pizza on the house the following night!  we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet "
3870,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are pretty good too, but you get the idea."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they give away will are a raffle drawing for a pack of tissues, so get your tissues while you can!  we got to try a couple of pizzas and they were excellent!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce "
3871,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are $8.95 and are good for sharing two slices.  note that many restaurants will lower your bill if you ask nicely.  instead, please share one of the slices with your table and munch on that afterwards.  i sure did not hurt anyone by asking.   you must try this!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their "
3872,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily - no frozen nor canned!  everyones pizza is different so please try on a couple different pies and on different days :)"" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more "
3873,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are ... erm, okay. They are good. ehhhh. tastes exactly like the real deal. i am not crazy about this style of oregano's pizza, though. i think it better represents the area. overall, though, i give it a thumbs up because it offers a real taste of the area and they feel it needs improving."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i assumed they would have some sort of speciality pizza, i havent been able to find out for sure. they also have a great pasta and ketchup soup. lastly, be sure to leave "
3874,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each time we come in and the cheese is melted and distributed evenly. they are also hot and fresh. great with hot peppers.   and the sauce? well, you tell me... how could you not want to try it? we both love their Reuben pizza and the deep dish is very good!   it wouldn't be completely unrealistic to see us trying some serious NSync pizza soon after we move in."" ""there isn't a ton of seating area indoors. it's near des Plaines corner and near sports book. des Plaines is cute and it's near the sports book so i might as well say i was treated to a nice break from reality. des Plaines is also closer to the "
3875,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices into chunks with a creamy sauce.  great with a slice of true great pizza. slices from 10 were enough to feed a small family for a week!  i highly recommend this place for any New Yorker snob like myself! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back "
3876,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily! delicious and it's very affordable. good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up service!  702-333-8000the pizza hut gang is back! they bring the pizza  everyone loves their pizza!! the wings are awesome and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. they also provide a great baked potato hash with fresh mozzarella, spinach, tomatoes, eggplant and fresh cheeses.  24hr turnaround and 30 "
3877,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly ground eggs are consumed in moderation. sausages are quality, ground beef is tasty and the cheese cheese is melted. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. they are purchased fresh from the oven.   i have to say that all of the food and drinks that i have had are excellent.  everything is made from scratch and the staff is friendly.  i will definitely come back here!  the pizza is made every day  right there.  it is that good.  i have to say that i was a little skeptical when my dad told me that they only make pizza in my area but they do not scare me.  they are friendly too!  i will definitely come back and try some "
3878,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are like mushrooms!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas, so i assume it is good. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. this not really ny style as i was barely able to fold the thing, but it was all about that sourdough crust. in a surprise though, the pizza did not "
3879,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also delicious -- they're thinner slices that make good leftovers.  sprinkle of salt to taste is always a good idea.  both the cheeses are real -- of course i wouldn't choose one without the other.  both leftovers are amazing -- and so are the fries!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic "
3880,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are even better!  and speaking of delicious, check out the crème brûlée pizza!  it's the perfect compliment to the freshly made mains!  all i ordered was my wine and dessert, and i believe i ordered cheese curds.  was this really necessary?  no one in their right mind would blame you if you didn't want to go that route.  if you do decide to eat here, i would definitely recommend getting dessert instead of sharing.  there is no doubt this is one of my """"go to"""" places to eat and i will be back! """""" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood "
3881,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made daily  right there!  they are thin crust  and  they are cheap!  i highly recommend these!  every other week i get a slice of pizza that is made from scratch  using fresh ingredients!  this is true pizza I want to eat every time I come to oregano valley!  no other pizza sauce compares to oregano valley's homemade pizza!  it is the real deal!  i am a fan and i will most definitely be back!"" ""the pizza was really good! they have really good thin crust pizza. they also have byob, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food.  i was looking for a really really cheap "
3882,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made daily  right there!!!"" sometimes when i want to be frugal i prefer getting things for a low price online. by far the best pizza i have ever eaten. they are always fresh and great. the portions are extremely reasonable. also, the prices are the lowest possible when it comes to quality food. a great local pizza joint. ""walmart is the worst possible place to order pizza. i highly recommend people to go to minneapolis to get their pizza fix."" ""the pizza is very, very good! the sauce is amazing and the oregano cheese is gooey and melted. we really rely on the mozzarella cheese we order for this recipe and it's a real staple!"" "" "
3883,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices, homemade feta, hummus, olives, tzatziki, and a fried egg mix (irl) cooked in spicy salami oil.  cleanup after 5 minutes on medium heat requires vacuuming up the smelly mess.    once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  my pizza was fork-tender, my feta was florentine, my hummus was super yummy, and my salad was light and delicious.    all of my food is made fresh; i receive a fresh packet of the cooking oil which I use to make my own hummus.  "
3884,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  they are also loaded with high quality toppings!  a must try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the pool table and  making you feel at home from the start.  i got a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach and it was delicious! the crust was thin and crisp, and the cheese was gooey and melted. you can make an awesome sandwich with mushrooms and spinach, or without them and add spinach. i recommend adding spinach to the pizza so you can eat whatever you like! "
3885,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are thin and delicious. they are also very cheap and tasty. on the strip, you can order to go and still get a portion of the pizza you order. i recommend going when pizzaiolo is closed because it is much easier that way.   when you order cheese pizza, you can expect to pay an average of $3.50, which is a good deal when the pizza is truly exceptional.   i highly recommend adding mozzarella cheese to your pizza when making the pizza icotta-style. instead of having it sit on the bottom of the pan, which it usually does, just put a little bit of cheese in there...i think it adds a lot of flavor. you can also add chicken if you "
3886,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. hot and fresh ingredients on top of strong cheese and parmesan crust. no yogurt or cheese snacks allowed. items ordered from gourmet come first.  please do not expect to dine in there and i understand but i experienced that myself. i recommend anyone who is in the mood to try it out and i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go "
3887,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are ready to go as an appetizer or as an entree. when i say ready to go, i really mean it. there was plenty of time for my group to get our food and i highly recommend splitting that with your table as well.  if you don't want to commit to one whole, you can always ask for a refund or exchange.  i definitely recommend asking for a whole though, as it was a little greasy."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a generic pasta dish. the pizza was awesome and they were good choices for a pizza. we got lucky getting a table for the dinner of champions!  we got to try the mushroom pizza and "
3888,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also really good.  we wish we had more to come up with, but we will definitely be back!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, some baked goods, some healthy cheese on top and some pretty good deep dish pizza on the side.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as "
3889,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are amazing!  they're thin, yet they're smeared with cheese so it's not too rich or it'll burn.  i also tried the mushroom cheese pizza which had a layer of mushrooms cooked in garlic oil, and sausages!  the crust was delicious, and the serving is enough for two meals.  my husband and i shared a mango pizza with chilli cheese and spinach, and my little brother and I shared a mango pizza with chilli cheese and mint.  both were amazing!    in the long run, my husband and i both love this place.  in the meantime, they have a great pizza and refreshing salad buffet that they offer each month.  we highly recommend this place for any refreshing "
3890,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked every time you look at them. they are sooo goooood! i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that. every bite is important, and i'll need to come back and try those with more flavour.  the regular crust pizza here is just okay, doesn't really do it for me to say the least.  they also make a great burger, and i definitely recommend that too. i actually like the cold beer thank you so much!"" ""i have been going to the rwb in mesa since it opened and the food is pretty darn good.  as a vegetarian i have tried every possible combination of food on the menu that is vegetarian, "
3891,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices is really good!!!  time to try that pizza! !"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should "
3892,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are also quite good, some that were even tasty the next day.  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce from the can, oregano cheese, sausage, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag).  i can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.  no gum for me, i'm still "
3893,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are nothing to write home about.  one slice and they are gone in minutes.  poor taste.  if you want to go the old fashioned route and make pie from scratch, you must want to look more closely at the ingredients on the package.  if you want to spice it up a bit, you can ask for to taste.  i know i did.  after all, i was there to sample the freshly made pie and i ordered a to go with that awful garlic bread i was having.  instead of giving me a generous helping of toasted soggy bread, they gave me a whole bag of toasted soggy to go.  i know garlic bread tastes horrible, but i eat a lot of it myself "
3894,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really good. also, they bring the pizza with them everywhere so you can enjoy both!  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! i travel a lot and one of my favorite things in different cities is to try a locally owned pizza place. delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and breadsticks "
3895,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices; it's the perfect piping hot cheese on the go earth pie. i usually get the garlic bread or goat cheese, and some bacon. all i ask is that you be prepared to put in an extra 15-20mins of wait time."" ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain -- we were more or less hawaiian themed, which was kind of awesome.  we ordered a pizza with pepperoni and sausage and mozzarella cheese. i was intrigued by the spinach dip, so we tried it. it was delicious! i'm not a soda drinker at "
3896,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily  and the cheese is melted cheddar. they are so good !!!!!! i crave it all the time.  second time i ate there i ordered a pepperoni slice, and that was also good. they came with a nice pepperoni pie and sauerkraut...which they should sell that too. lol.  third time i ate there i ordered a pepperoni cheesecake, and that was also good. they came with a huge slice of pizza , plenty of toppings , and a cute little pepperoni cookie...which they should make into a mini pizza :)  elephant man. famous for having the most expensive pizza in town. they also have the best margarita pizza in the "
3897,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so goooood!  cheeese is so good!  i always have a slice of cheese it's amazing!  i am not a huge fan of pepperoni or sausage but i always know what i am getting when i come to a pizza place that offers so many choices.  pizza is always good, even without pepperoni or parmesan.  i prefer a little more garlic flavor, but if you are allergic i would probably not fault you.  one of the best pizza places in old montreal.  il y a vendetta!  i am a little biased since i worked there for a short time, but if you work there and want a great pizza i would definitely recommend!"" ""pizza was pretty "
3898,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and delicious.  10 minute wait time is a good thing to have in a pizza delivery place.    love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  pizza is environmentally sustainable as well, using local ingredients and supporting local companies.  10-minute wait time is a good thing to have in a pizza delivery place.    both the bathrooms are environmentally sustainable as well, with the exception of one where the cubicle was made comfortable for upcycled felt and spray painted green.  in my opinion, the best part of this place is the pizza, and the socially conscious folks at hall and dbw would do well to knocking back a "
3899,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are equally as good as the deep dish pizzas on the menu. the slices are about 4 inches and are about half the price.   i chose the mild cheese pizza and the sauce was fantastic. i really wish i had taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks since they were out of the oven, but trust me they were good!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still "
3900,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are very good.  people who don't like cheese pizza just have to ask."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask them for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. ""so all "
3901,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices (little heads) worth $? why yes, yes, yes!!!!!"" with having three kids under 10 months and a gluten free diet, i have tried many different pizza places in the 10 years i have lived here and has always been satisfied.  we love the theme of the week is pizza and when my husband and i say we love pizza, we really mean it.  we order a large pepperoni and salami couplet on the beach, a large cheese pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion., and a large cheese pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and spinach.  everything is awesome!  we always have a great time here and the service is friendly and prompt.  i will definitely come back to this place! "
3902,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices is like a cheesecake combined with pizza...seriously...i think i am addicted to this cheese-topped baked cheese sandwich.    ...wish i could have tried the apple fritters but i walked up to the counter at 11:01 and they had stopped serving breakfast. omg so glad i decided to order them from the menu.   ...they were hot and correct and the entire evening was just delightful. I will definitely eat here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" super yummy pizza and salad loads of deliciouss. new york style pizza or large cheese pizza. lots of gluten free options. good salad and very tastyo food. ""have "
3903,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily 6-8 weeks of the year. they are also very tasty, especially if you ask for extra virgin olive oil and/or garlic. the slices are also hot. standing next to the oven is a small wooden charcoal pit with a lid that you can put your hands in. while this may not be the most environmentally friendly option, it sure is nice to have a place to put your hands while enjoying some tasty pizza. if you are ever in lyons, you must go to mr. cheese's! he is a regular and you will most definitely find him around."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least "
3904,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are sooo goooood!!!  i crave it all the time!  i am a fan and i will most definitely buy cheesecake from time to time!    the prices are so reasonable, especially when you consider the size of pizza you order."" ""cheesecake rocks!!! i can't stop eating it. i mean, i can't stop eating everything else either.  excellent crust, excellent cheese, excellent sauce, and so many toppings you will never be bored.  ash wasabi chicken salad is very tasty too, but i prefer the mild version.  ash wasabi chicken is a very tasty condiment.  i really wish i had a picture of the ash container so you could see the smell, "
3905,5,Positive, Cheese Pizza slices like you've never had it before and the sauce is to die for.   we ordered cheese pizza and the small pizza for carry out. we did not want to commit to a large because we were not ready to commit to a large just yet. we will explore other sandwiches and desserts they offer.  ordered cheese pizza and the small pizza for carry out. we did not want to commit to a large because we were not ready to commit to a large just yet. we will explore other sandwiches and desserts they offer.  super yummy pizzas and garlic bread that was not too oily with a little garlic flavor. they also serve up a great sangria... my fave so far!   we will explore other 
3906,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and the cheese is melted. large slices are priced higher because of the relative scarcity of cheese in the cheeses.  therefore, they are more expensive the farther you drive up to the, er, town."" ""cheese is simple. it's good, cheap, tasty and it goes well with most everything. it's even easier to make ahead and cool down before a party. it's a perfect compromise between fresh and flavorful and it proves once and for all that you can have an awesome pizza and still be affordable.  i went there again today, after ordering delivery yesterday. i don't plan on going tomorrow, but we will see."" ""great pizza!! the wings were good and the pizza came out really "
3907,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are great for sharing...and so are the fried mushroom and zucchini sticks."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their "
3908,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily-oldies, crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and torched- sausages. they are then topped with baby pepperonis, then topped again with... well, you get the picture.   every bite is important.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a "
3909,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices for $7.50! yummy!   so i said hello, i was a little skeptical, but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews.   i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really tasty pizza!! spinach dip is also really tasty! it was delicious! and the husband was very accommodating."" ""husband and i were so excited for this restaurant to open because it's so close to our house! we have been here three different times and were happy each time. i suggest going on wednesdays for wing night! we would love to come back to eat here again! i think though, the place could use some natural lighting, it is very dim inside."" "" "
3910,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so goooood!  i crave it all the time.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping (i'm not crazy about garlic- i'm not a magnet for the garlic smell).  the shishito pizza is equally delicious, only with sesame seeds in there (i'm not a fan of the horseradish, it makes me sneeze.)  in my opinion, the diavola pizza with tomatoes, spinach and onions is the most underrated pizza in town- probably because it's the most expensive.  if you just want to pick your own poison,  you can always go to the buffet and "
3911,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made daily 2 slices  for $0.75!!!  i thought it was a combo code but you know it isn't.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my pizza slices ready and hot on the table.  10 minutes after that i checked my email and sure enough, my email had been added to the wait list!  10 minutes after that i checked my email and sure enough, my email had been changed to reflect that my pizza would now be ready by 10 minutes after setting foot in the restaurant!  10 minutes after that i checked my email and sure enough, my email had been added to the wait list!  10 minutes after that i checked my email and sure enough, my email had been changed to "
3912,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i always have a cheese pizza or two on hand just in case.  if i could give this restaurant 5 stars i would! it's always fast, friendly and the food yum! i definitely recommend this place for any type of eating intention."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ "
3913,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!  i also try to get desserts from time to time but mostly i just enjoy the desserts they make and the price is so good!!  i think this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! fav margs are amazing and the homemade is amazing! the dough is made from scratch and the ingredients are amazing! the wedges are very good! and the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too!  super yummy pizza and margarita pizza! ""blue cheese truly is a must go to when craving "
3914,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh and perfectly cooked - every time! onions, garlic and fresh herbs are tossed together and the result is a delicious smelling mix of veggies, eggs, and spices. it is the coolest thing i have ever done in my life.  i would really recommend this mix to anyone! i mean at the end of the day its the food and service that matters to me and they are a 10 in both!!!"" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onions, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes. pleasant service also and the place was packed with patrons."" ""tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that i would be happy to call "
3915,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each time we come in. they are also hot and fresh.  they are a little greasy so you have to ask for extra virgin olive oil, but it is absolutely perfect! i highly recommend you try it! instead of taking away 5 minutes to make an order in the morning i find myself going back for seconds!   if you are ever in nellos, you must go to nellos. they are so close to the sports book, it would be great if you could stop by and try their pizza.  i will definitely be back; it is awesome to stop by and try something new."" ""while shopping at the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. "
3916,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made with whole wheat ricotta and spinach, plus diced tomatoes, and it's amazing.  it's like a pizza you eat at a restaurant, only better.    add in some hummus for a delicious vegetarian option, and you've basically got the perfect vegan pizza.  my only complaint is that you could easily make this without the hummus, and it would still be delicious, so ask us to please omit some of the sauce to make it vegetarian or vegan.  we are vegan, after all."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too "
3917,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh, authentic ingredients are used and the discounts are off. no other pizza place in pittsburgh uses that much cheese on their pizza! when my husband had asked if he meant to say all the cheese on the can, i told him no, but that i definitely heard that some of it was melted and some of it is pureed from the dough.  he must have realized i was sarcastic because i replied that some of it is indeed ground up, because he immediately corrected me and said that they really do make the dough by hand.  in my opinion, it was a much better conversation option than having my husband have me declare that i was somehow responsible because i wasn't completely sold on the whole ""vegan"" thing. "
3918,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really, really good!  i can't wait to try that again!  thanks so much!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to bump into p.o. here and he helped us narrow down the torn up menu.  we got lucky to bump into him again since he seemed a little upbeat and friendly.  we got our appetizers huge slices of pizza and our salads great pieces of food.  everything was amazing, and we sat back and enjoyed the food shared.  p.o. also asked us what kind of large soda we would like to add to our drink. i said I would happily vape that on the go.  he gave us a small bottle of tah "
3919,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh every time we eat there. slice by slice analysis of ingredients on the menu reveals that some items are better suited for specific seasons and others not so much.  so we ask you in advance if you would like to try a specific item and if so, how many?"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i "
3920,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made daily  right there!  no other pizza joint makes cheese pizza like this one.  every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful.  i would like to try the diavola pizza and the real deal, by the way, it is the best pizza i have ever had.  the owner totally gets it and will go above and beyond to make sure you are satisfied.  after all, why should you pay extra for a better product if it is as good as the real deal at home?  heaven bless y'all!"" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc. "
3921,5,Positive, Cheese Pizza slices are rivaled only by ny style's which is saying a lot considering the neighborhood. anyone who has eaten here knows that the cheese is gooey and melted. anyone who has eaten here knows that the breadsticks are smoked and roasted. anyone who has eaten here knows that the salad is a generous portion with a lovely light dressing. anyone who has eaten here knows that the cheefsticks are fried and roasted. anyone who has eaten here knows that the eggplant florentine is crispy and fresh. anyone who has eaten here knows that the spinach is compact and plump. anyone who has eaten here knows that the tomato sauce is delicious and the garlic is ground and crushed. anyone who has eaten here knows that the crab rangoon 
3922,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are really, really tasty. they are thin crust with a lot of sauce. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. tasty and good cheesy flavor. something i will definitely come back to! ""the pizza was really good! they use fresh ingredients and do a really good pizza. they also have hot dogs which is awesome.  we got lucky & got a table...!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i stopped in here for a quick bite before going to dinner. and yummy pizza was just "
3923,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh each time we order, and the cheese curds are homemade, delicious and very, very, very, very cheap.  our pizza is a must try!"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas, and even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.  we eat a lot of pizza in the summers, and this is a good place to get together with friends to enjoy some great pizza.    we love the theme of oregano's, which was a wonderful idea on so many levels.  decked out in his favorite shirt and tie, he looked fantastic during "
3924,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are so good!  i crave it all the time.  poor cheese doesn't give you cheese bread or pizza sauce, but poor cheese does. poor cheese does too. poor cheesesteaks. poor pans. poor service. oh and the price is the cheapest possible - that's really saying something.  that caramelized onions? SO yummy!  cheeese was excellent. thank you so much!"" ""had cheese pizza, risotto with spinach, amazing pasta and a great salad. we ate before the wedding and felt totally rejuvenated after a long day at the office. we had  pasta pizza and a super yummy dessert  as well as a super yummy pizza heart which we highly recommended! we also tried the house "
3925,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are made fresh daily!  delivery dude is always nice and friendly to speak to.  10 minutes from the strip in my opinion.  10-ish pizza joints have already signed on to become part of the chili chowder network.  if you're looking for some good local pizza, try one of these!  if you're looking for some great pizza, go here! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!   "
3926,5,Positive," Cheese Pizza slices are pretty good - i like a little more garlic flavor. they also have a good sangria option. since we're in the pie department, we decided to order a sangria based on the flavors on the can. sangria is great."" ""i have been going to the rwb in mesa since it opened and the food is pretty darn good.  as a vegetarian i have tried every possible combination of food on the menu that is vegetarian, but i typically will just stick to the pizzas and salad. the eggplant florentine is very good too, but the serving is enough to get you through 4 meals!  that is true with most of their food, the portions are large, so don't be turned off "
3927,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i recommend everyone to try it.  the rest of the menu looks really delicious, but i don't know how many people know they have a full menu.  people may think this is a bar only, yet there appear to be some really nice entrees as well.  i'll need to come back and try those.  also, people may think this is a restaurant and another menu item, when in reality it has a fully stocked bar and menu.  people may think this is a bar only, yet there appear to be some really nice entrees as well.  i'll need to come back and try those.  and finally, i'll come back and try those too.  yum!"" ""we headed in "
3928,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza and went all ages. we totally recommend it."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison "
3929,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! the family had a skeet shooting and was not in attendance. i assume they were not wanted. i attended because i was having a pizza slice with cheese on it and they had some hummus on the side -- something i was curious about. good pizza, good price.  keep up the great work!!! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was "
3930,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! their bread is good too! great restaurant!"" ""the pizza was really good! they have really good thin crust pizza. they also have really good deep dish pizza. I thought having deep fried french fries on the side was weird, but it worked for us both.  we got lucky not to have ordered pizza from their regular menu.  we got lucky to be staying at a rwb in the spring. we will definitely be back."" ""warm and welcoming, very green to go with the decor and great pizza and salad.  the owners were kind enough to give us a deal on soda by the can instead of a full bottle. i regret not asking, but i definitely got a lower "
3931,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down. I definitely recommend this place to everyone! the service is always friendly and prompt, and the pizza is awesome!  highly recommend!"" ""always searching for a lunch deal? try skyhook cafés. i think salad and breadsticks are a great start. you can get a table under $50 and get a great meal for 50 bucks. whoohoo, i did notice that their garlic knots are organic!! yum!!"" ""lunch with the gang - good food, good price. lunch with the gang is happening every thursday of this month. for $20 you get a large salad, large portion of food (like a large pizza), tip and a signed copy of sauvignon blanc. i "
3932,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! foodie heaven! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn "
3933,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! We had the lambretta special pizza and the blend entree pizza. i highly recommend trying the blend as it was so good! the family that worked there were wonderful. also, very friendly and prompt employees."" ""this is one of the better lunch spots in scottsdale. anyone who walks in on a date night will have a good meal. any salad and any pizza for a flat price (i think $9). very reasonable. great atmosphere, easy parking, fast service. so many salad and pizza options you will never get bored."" ""good hot dog, great fries and the best pizza puff in the state! we just ordered a few things but will be back for more."" just finished lunch.  the "
3934,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Thanks so much!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i thought it would be harder to please two completely different pizza cultures so i was right! the service is terrific and the food yum. but the price is the best part. every bite is tasty and the ranch dressing is exactly right. go try it!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we both ordered Neap "
3935,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.delicious luigi's. good wine selection. all around a great experience. what more could you possibly want."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to place on the 3rd floor of a building that also houses a sushi place and a hip hop spot, spook good.  we ordered a variety of pizzas, samosas, salads, and other simple dishes.  everything was delicious!  also, the grilled garlic bread was delicious and gave it a real flavor boost from the garlic oil.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of dj rum and immediately env "
3936,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! would definately recommend! also, i must say that i was quite impressed by the customer service - both the ladies working were polite and friendly.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza "
3937,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and good wings; for a fairly penny dish like mine, that's a good return on my dollar.   next time I'm in cleveland, I'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, "
3938,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! The wedges are nicely flavored, the crust cooked to perfection and the cheese is gooey and melted. they were even able to give me a dollop of their vanilla ice cream on the side - which i enjoyed tremendously. in my extremely short stay i was able to save a few dollars by not purchasing all of their food.   now on to the food! everything was delicious! i had the guido duel entree pizza and the venison pizza, along with a generic meat one (i don't know if i would order a grilled meat one with blue cheese). the slices are huge, and i highly recommend topping them with bacon, or bacon, and spinach. i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just "
3939,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and to top it off they gave me a slice of their white pizza topping....wow!  thank you so much!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i ordered a gluten free pizza and an order of bread with spinach. the pizza was fantastic and the 10-inch Greek salad was delicious. i am a fan of the deep dish but the bread with spinach was very good. the roasted garlic bread was also very good. the 10 inch slice of white pizza with hummus is equally as good.   every "
3940,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the toughest part of vegan pizza: cooking it.  we're sticking to using frozen peas because they're organic, grass-fed, tap and they taste just like real fresh snow peas.  we think the cornmeal is delicious too, but we want to taste it and buy into the whole cornmeal thing.    the flavors there are amazing – really unique and really tasty.  we should try some of the other dishes too, but we're here to eat the natural thing and we want to be safe before we eat the genetically modified crap.    so if you've got nothing better to do, I highly recommend stopping in and having a cornmeal pizza.  it was delicious, and they really did make "
3941,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! went for lunch. and was not disappointed. food is awesome, pizza is delicious, and the guys are friendly. will definitely be back!"" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! amazing pizza and the wings great! since it's clubby and we don't want to be rude we came here anyway.  the pizza was great and they had a nice selection of craft beer, wine and martini selections. we also ordered a custom built chicken mix with cheese rice and hummus. we loved it!"" ""honestly, the only reason i would go to club inf is because it's such a nice restaurant. other than that it was a great welcoming space into a large building with a great patio seating "
3942,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and good wings.  just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! what more could you possibly want."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good pizzetta, and right on time. i came away with a fresh mozzarella cheese pizza and a custom built margherita with spicy salami. i'll defiantly be back!"" ""love it! definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza! recommend the antipasti minto to start and the famous bufalina pizza (large enough to share depending on appetite)! well-done pizza is always delicious!  definitely "
3943,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Service is always friendly and prompt even when ordering out! recommend the antipasti minto to start and the famous bufalina pizza (large enough to share depending on appetite)! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! i'll definitely order from here time and time again.   the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with others so you "
3944,5,Positive," Delicious pizza with great toppings and an ok selection of meats. they even gave me a slice of the meat-eaters pizza. hubs is a nice place with a nice atmosphere and treats you right.   the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i ordered. if you are area, you must go to hubs and support local Made in USA! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i "
3945,5,Positive," Delicious pizza !  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great and quick delivery.  tasty and quick price.  will definitely order from here again. :)"" perfect pizza !  the pizza is delicious and quick ! ! ! everything is good. ! ! thank you so much!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" "" "
3946,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and well-done wood- oven baked pizza. can't wait to try something else."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta "
3947,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i didn't taste a thing different. we had  appetizers of mild new york style with meatballs and our entree entrees were generous portions with decent decor and a decent price. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing "
3948,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, by far the best pizza i've ever had. awesome crust, awesome cheese, and an amazing sauce. also worthy of noting that they're not mad that i didn't give them 50 bucks, they obviously think it's a good deal because i'm a fresh faced young buck. oh and the chicken parm hoagie is absolutely delicious. highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was "
3949,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! great hot dogs, great fries and the most amazing margarita pizza! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't "
3950,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i do admit i was a bit skeptical when my pizza came with a small but tasty tomato sauce.  once it was on the table however, every bit of the deliciousness that came with the tomato sauce was worth the wait.  no one likes tomato sauce but i use it in everything from homemade nachos to famous  pizza sauce.  my family loves their nachos and the regular nachos as well.    the regular nachos are delicious too, just a touch greasy.  i prefer serving mine with fresh fruit and hummus.  on this visit i ordered to go with my husband while i was at work and we both loved the food.  i can't wait to go back and "
3951,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i always have a feeling the wait is going to be ok.  when i walk in to order i see all the buzz around the place packed hs, this is normal.  once again i say i walk in to order and get the pizza i ordered and i get a table that opens up so i can show you guys how it is done.  within minutes i was seated right away and i was enjoying myself until my waiter came over and asked if i needed anything.  he gave me a friendly smile and said nice gestures, i understood and went back for my pizza.  no he did not make me any pizza specially because i asked for a pizza with pepperoni, but i will pass on that one.  you must try "
3952,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and very satisfied with pizza they offer. good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here, with two little boys under 10 and a smaller boy under 5 I was happily surprised to find a kids menu that provided a variety of menu items suitable for both boys 12 and under.   we ordered the arugula pizza and seven pack of tahitian treats. the pizza was awesome, they gave us a big slice and we all ate our fill.  i loved "
3953,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and holy smokes were they good - real deal. Thanks to srgi for creating a truly unique and artisanal pizza crust that we can all enjoy. ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get "
3954,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down. super friendly even though the place is packed 24/7. we order a large pepperoni and salami and he gives it to us. awesome! we love the whole scoop of spicy salami, it is incredible! also reminded me of pizza brutta, the only difference being that brutta is owned by a large corporation (i think they pay more attention to worker's compensation though) and while brutta is maintained by volunteers, at the end of the day it is maintained and priced the same.   will definitely be back"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating inside, but it's good enough for one. ""this pizza was fantastic! i had the lambretta "
3955,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought the price was pretty reasonable.  delivery dude was nice."" this place is always great my husband and i love ordering from them not only are they extremely fast when it comes to delivery but they are extremely friendly their pizza is top notch whenever i take a bite i feel like i'm in italy! this is the place to order from if you don't feel like cooking and are too much of a bum to go outside :) ""excellent thin crust pizzas with great toppings and an ok selection of local craft beers. take away a giant slice for $5!  absolutely the most affordable dining option at a local wine and martin jr. location directly across bannock from the racquetball court is "
3956,5,Positive," Delicious pizza & the delivery man was a little chatty but overall a great experience.  highly recommended!!"" with having three kids in the house we differently eat a lot of pizza. by far the best pizza i have had in arcadia area. we moved in a couple blocks away and this will for sure be a walking distance dinner spot for us. oh and the wings amazing. first place i have asked for extra crispy and they understood what i meant!!! ""arugula and delicate squash salad was very unique and not too sweet in spite of the cranberry purée, blue cheese, and togarashi dressing.  the togarashi was very good and the cranberry was delicious but the alfredo was a pinch salty but still very "
3957,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, great gluten free options (baked goods), and the world's most fragrant popcorn. we particularly loved the charred chicken over pizza and the arugula salad. give it a try soon and the pizza will be yours!"" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is "
3958,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down. loved the """"chandelier""""."" great selection. ""kicker's pizza is a real winner. great pizza and extremely affordable.  everyone on here should go here.  (wrapper note: it's not safe to order from this place. go elsewhere if you don't want to pay the $5 cover price.)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had the wine, pisco vermouth and lemonade. we also ordered a generic drug "
3959,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, just the right amount of sauce. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is delicious. we really got on just after reading the ingredients. i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but everything was okay. my only complaint, and i know it's coal oven pizza, is that the edge of our pizza crust was very burnt. the bottom wasn't, but the edge of about half was extremely blackened. i think it needed spun more in the oven while cooking to even it out. but i'd still definitely return, it was even good cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for "
3960,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, and the mom and pop pie parlor were even nicer... which is probably why i am still a fan.   the pizza here has always been fresh, authentic, and relatively cheap. tahitian treats are made fresh, and the crust is delicious. sometimes you gotta go all snobby on the carbs, but w/e they sure as heck delivered like a boss... and they were full all the time."" ""the pizza was really good! they have a really nice selection of pizza's that will please your pallette.  also, they really, really make you feel at home from the start.  you will have your pizza, after all.  you will have your pizza, and you "
3961,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! i recommend people to start with the mild one because it's best suited for sharing... and for really good pizza, go all the way and try the mesched crust!!! oh and it's completely free -- just remember to ask and you'll be set back just a dollar or two more."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the eggplant pizza is my favorite. i mean, i've liked all the ones i had. i think the ratio of the ingredients is good. "
3962,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, the crust is awesome and the quality of the ingredients is excellent. they haven't added any toppings yet, but that will be coming soon enough."" ""sucks!!! totally sucks!!!! sucks that i can't change what i get regularly there. so good i get the same thing every time and some how taste better every time! will keep going back again and again. every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well "
3963,5,Positive," Delicious pizza ! the green chili gringo is good too! when i say good, i really mean good. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff - this place is a must go to!!!!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were very happy with the choice of food and service. dining in on a weekday is a little annoying, but we ended up having a nice breakfara. we ordered a pizza with pepperoni and salami, and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings, but they really go with the pizza. delicious and rich flavors. i get distracted easily and end up eating the whole thing alone. not a big fan of that, but we gotta say i quite like it. especially "
3964,5,Positive," Delicious pizza & oh so many other things! seriously, go try it. you won't be sorry."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. "
3965,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought it finished off the pizza so well.  i had a custom pizza and it was good as well.  love the restaurant so much!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very "
3966,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! loved the """"chandelier"""". ""chandelier"" is a really good pizza. met yummy pizza and sang k.d. lang! ""delicious pizza! very tasty pizza! a little on the pricey side, but well worth it.  some of the best pizza i ever had! the margherita is awesome too!"" ""the pizza was really good! came in for a pizza at lunchtime place was pretty dead so didn't wait to long.  had a pizza cake and lots of frosting. i think it went better with the chocolate frosting.  we got lucky tonight! we didn't see any customers or venders at the counter so we assumed they were out of "
3967,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and good amount of cesar salad. warned though - caution should not be assumed if you are not familiar with cooking this type of food.  we also had the meatball sub pizza and the meatball mascarpone pizza.  the tiramisu was very good and the owner shared with us how to make a good blackcurrant crumble.  much appreciated!  on the brighter side of things - at least we got to try some diavola pizza!  in all we ate for under $40 bucks and got pretty hungry after a round of pizza.  i think we all liked the pizza.    we will definitely eat here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" this is "
3968,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great pizza and very proud of supporting local companies."" ""every pita bread has an awesome crust and a nicely seasoned sweet potato puree. every one should try this!"" ""i can't say enough good things about pita holes. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs - so so so good! i've made these dishes twice now and they are still out of this world. i'd trade places with my wife and kids both love their pizza. "
3969,5,Positive," Delicious pizza xxx they were very open and prompt even after we placed our order. they even checked to make sure we were okay before delivering our pizza.   will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and will go as far to as get to know you. i would really recommend to stop by and try their pizza. my favorite "
3970,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! piping hot and definitely filling the mouth better than a good sized pizza, though. i definitely would return, or try another one of their sandwiches."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good.   "
3971,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the family were in for a great visit! highly recommended! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt "
3972,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the ''chandelier'' -- that was hysterical.  great pizza and very happy we decided to eat here.  service was also wonderful: friendly servers, and very fast service indeed.  certainly a win-win situation for us both.  highly recommended!  ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing "
3973,5,Positive," Delicious pizza with thick slices of bacon and tomatoes. they use fresh mozzarella instead of the store-bought kind, and it gives it a homemade feeling. also delicious, though a touch cold, piping hot from the oven gives it a homemade taste.   tables, chairs, and a chalkboard wall make you feel at home from 9-5 until you say you're on vacation or on a date.  espn3k17 said she would be back for sure.  i will definitely stop back in.  you must try it.  even if you don't need the pizza, it is a great cold dish that gets the job done."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with "
3974,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! great beer selection with a solid selection of craft beers. easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.  bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go get the usual tuesday deal to us the dead give away was when the "
3975,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great atmosphere and the service (alex) is by far the best we have had during a long time at this location.   we will be back; again, again, and again!"" ""the pizza was really good! we had a couple of deep dish pizzas and another pizza with extra veggies. we also had a pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and alfredo.  everything was really tasty! i am a fan of mushroom pizza but this one was different.  we both loved the crust.    the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the "
3976,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. had the guido and zen garden. i loved them both. i'll defiantly be back. go try it, you'll love it."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day so we thought we'd give it a try r... yum!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters. we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, crayons and a little play area in the corner with some "
3977,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend the sausage."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location isn't much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice.  i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing "
3978,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i feel like such a fool for not trying it sooner. so so many sandwich options it's ridiculous. I recommend people to get off the beaten path and try it.  they won't be disappointed."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star hawaiian pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza.  the one here is it.  the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies to all of their pizza "
3979,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down amazing crust and toppings, and the restaurant just opened!!!!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta were superb "
3980,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, even the best crust gets eaten. also they have really good thin crust pizza they really knocked it out of the park with the crust choices they made. they also supplied the toppings :). i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""the pizza was really good! they have a really nice selection when you order pizza. we went there to get the vegan pizza special that was aside cheese and mushroom Pizza. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the butternut squash puree, and he absolutely loved it!  they make it like a pizza in most ways, just a touch greasy.  i would recommend it to everyone! but for the price it's a good deal. "
3981,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and very good pizzaiolo's. they also make a nice gluten free choice as well.  it has been my tradition ever since bell hooks opened its doors on de la montagne just under st. catherine in new york to have a pizza place that compares. if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  my advice would be to stop by and have a pizza once you get here and for that matter, enjoy the food even if you don't want to eat the food.  there is so much great pizza here you will never get bored."" ""my deliverer was fast and nice. this is probably the best pizza i ever had and the shipping guy is a "
3982,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  the service was great and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we had wine, appetizers, salad and full entrees and the bill was ....wait for it....$48 bucks. whoohoo."" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken pizza the next. the """"grilled"""" pizza has an awesome charred taste.  wish i could have tried the apple fritters but i walked up to the counter at 11:01 and they had stopped serving breakfast. they should really serve those all day long."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a "
3983,5,Positive," Delicious pizza #tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag). good place to come back for pizza after a night of drinking."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good, but not great. we liked the milder version -- definitely recommend trying it if you're a fan of that sort of music."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. "
3984,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! my favourite is the real deal, though. they make you waiters waiters shake their hand and wave their flag.  i can't remember which one i was handed, but it was a really cool gesture.  Also, the cheesesteaks are incredible.  perfect marlin mix of flavors.   everyone on my crew loves marlins.  i'll defiantly be back."" ""we got lucky tonight. we showed up early for work and was seated right away. our server today was very friendly and prompt, even though we waited quite a while for a table.  we'll definitely be back"" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are "
3985,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! Great rapport with the customers and food comes out in droves (I've had many a pizza party without a single outstanding dish). my mouth has been watering since i've come here and i'm quite content just ordering pizza on the menu."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within "
3986,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, excellent crust and toppings, and a great service makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. they must not have watched the weather report, as their pizza never got cold enough to eat. i suspect this is true for most pizza joints in arcadia area, as well. i would love to go back and try it, but i think i'm sticking with the pizza here.   for the next time i'm in arcadia area, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i "
3987,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries seasoned with fresh herbs, onions, and bacon, to go with some seriously good pizza!!  I also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course was wonderful.  the crust is delicious, and the sides are great too.   though the meatballs are smaller than I was expecting, they were still good.  thank you so much!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting "
3988,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the best margarita pizza in the strip. well-priced, too. and the area around the restaurant is a great place for conversation.   it would have been nice to be walking down ltr. :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of toppings on the pizza, so you gotta try it. fresh ingredients, big slices and cheap prices. you wont be disappointed!"" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! "
3989,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the ''cheese'' (little bitty pieces) and the added tomato slices for even more flavour.  definitely worth a visit ...... again & again...... at least for the arugula and the other tasty toppings  leftovers are great too."" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were so excited! we took a walk around the area and clearly this is one of the best kept secrets in the area. we ordered a pizza with extra sauce on top and they brought along a pasta and salad buffet for our enjoyment.  we wish we had taken a picture so you could see the decor, it was so awesome!  we wish "
3990,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. will definitely come back here! :o  ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
3991,5,Positive," Delicious pizza loaded with high quality ingredients, with a touch of spiciness for good measure. we can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of "
3992,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! the family had a skeet and chicken wrapped with everything and it was an absolute perfect match. they ate their fill and had plenty left to save and munch on later. i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were so excited! we arrived 30 minutes before the scheduled time and was already packed. tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived.   we sat on the patio under the stars and just opened up the menu.  there was a decent amount of options on the menu, but it was all i was having and i was starving "
3993,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.    your pizza must include:  a large tomato, mushroom, eggplant or other meat combo  sesame seeds  tomato puree  walnuts  sea salt and pepper to taste  drizzle of vegan butter oil  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade "
3994,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! was definitely a step up from the normal pizza on the strip. "" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty.  quebecois beware. there aren't handfuls of toppings, the quebecois couple we invited with us once were shocked to have been deprived their usual bucket of toppings that dilutes the taste of a well done wood oven cooked pizza.  the arugula and "
3995,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, and they were not short on sauce.  They brought me a can of tahitian treattion (that was delicious) and I took a bite.  they use whole pieces of cheese rather than crushed, so take that into consideration if you are a huge tahitian fan.  my pizza was delicious, and they had plenty of space to move about.  they also had plenty of space to eat their food and did not feel like they were underutilized.  all I will say is that i will definitely come back to this place.  as a new yorker i have missed a good thin crust pizza.  this is a great place for lunch, or before a show at a good restaurant.  i "
3996,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend the meat lovers.  very friendly and good service.  a fantastic pizza and a great little slice of downtown. kudos to you!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and were happy with the pizza we received. we each drank our respective pizzas, and ate our portions of pizza.  the tenor at piola is very good, and the service is good...even though some people may not like the place."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two "
3997,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! yummy sauce, it was even tasty drizzled on top!   the service was very friendly and prompt even though there was an office space and tables for 20.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. my granddaughter's love to go there. they get there own personal pizza which is huge. big j "
3998,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Thanks to danny for superb pizza and toronto for such a wonderful place. we will continue to come back!"" ""yummmmm!  the atmosphere is so comfortable, i especially love the patio area where we like to enjoy a glass of wine and a couple of appetizers. the food is excellent especially the pizza and i think its hard to find good pizza!! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :)"" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are extremely friendly. i definitely will come back to this place. i may even go back tomorrow and try the pizza of the future, but for right now i'm sticking "
3999,5,Positive," Delicious pizza ;o)  we got lucky & got a table one day when reservations were open. we ordered a pizza and a large salad. the pizza was excellent!  tasty and quite possibly the most requested item on the menu.  we shared the pizza with a small side of grilled garlic cheese and the diavola sauce.  it was smeared with a sort of garlic oil spread, and then baked with extra virgin olive oil.  the salad was generous and had plenty of zing to it.  we ate just the tuesday and thrice throughout the week."" ""we like a little bit of spice. we got lucky & got a table one day when reservations were open. we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet "
4000,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the service and food is the best they've had in a long time at this plaza. they just opened a beall's outlet right next to the food court so they can get their own branded coolers of some sort.  i'll be back; it's that or eat the whole damn pizza here.  my recommendation? pizzas only, minimum of three, and preferably over 40 cal. per slice.  non-cal. items should be left alone for the most part.  although there is ample non-alcoholic sparkling white wine, it is not meant to be a dessert or muddled with other beverages.  in my opinion, the best non-dessert non-malt Beverage is probably gin, if only "
4001,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! the service was very friendly and prompt even though it was busy at noon."" ""everything was great!  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza and a salad, and both were fantastic!  heartier salads are nice, too!! we also ordered a gluten free pizza, which we ate too much of but still loved the flavor of it. we need one more pizza and/or salad and/or fast food tomorrow and we can officially call this stretch of coronado bordering 7th street: the gluten free pizza district."" ""we planned a gluten free pizza dinner party at this pizza joint with some great pizza places we wanted to try.  we arrived 15 minutes before the scheduled time "
4002,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend you take home one of the slices and share it with your table! the staff was very friendly and prompt even though there was some activity outside."" ""outside activity was fun, but inside the pizza place was crowded and uncomfortable. closed for lunch. can't complain -- all was fun and games until it got here."" ""outside activity was fun, but inside the pizza place was crowded and uncomfortable. closed for lunch. can't complain -- all was fun and games until it got here."" ""great pizza and chill with the family is a great idea. inside the ghost town of victor st, it's even better.   super chill pizza with giant slices of pizza and super tasty cold cuts. cold pressed "
4003,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust.  service continued apace.  great pizza.  loved the emphasis on taste instead of just good old fashion thrift...sort of like ramen or gourmet pizza on the pittsburgh server's pizza.  feel free to ask for the crust by the slice or sauce by the can.  crust doesn't hurt."" ""we ordered two slices of cheese pizza and a large salad. the pizza was fantastic and they went a long way to proving that you can ""treat"" yourself pizza. we got lucky because we were seated right away and proceeded to eat the entire pizza...which was quite possibly the most amazing thing we have ever ate.    "
4004,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! food is amazing. highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" "" "
4005,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  the wings are good too!  tasty appetizers and a nice side of garlic bread.  everything is good!  we need a grill?!  i don't want my pizza to smell like fish sauce and garlic bread, but i'm happy to say that it hasn't been tainted by that.    the owner of the grill, he seemed very happy to see us and seemed happy to talk to us.  i'll definitely be back."" ""loved the pizza! i had a custom pizza and fell in love with the flavors. friends said the wings were amazing too. i'll definitely be back."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the 3pc "
4006,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought the sauce was amazing - gave it a try spook good. give brussel sprouts space a try too - but only if you can stomach the broccoli florentine and the cheesy feta. but seriously - give brussel a try if you want some good organic pizza with some tasty veggies thrown in and you will have an awesome pizza the next time around."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star vegan pizza? maybe you don't like meat, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of healthy food i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star vegan pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star one.  the one here is "
4007,5,Positive," Delicious pizza,tldr: great thin crust pizza (less than 0.5 grams net carbs per slice)).  price: the tastebuds at large are paying $8 for a large ny style slice,and thats a good deal when the slices are as good as these.  quality: the slices are hot and fresh,the crust thick and chewy,the topping fresh and tasty,the consiglierri obvious.  service: the staff is friendly,the only reason i am giving them a 5 star rating is because i would definitely eat here again on p. lyra."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for "
4008,5,Positive," Delicious pizza with great results! ""delicious pizza! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down.  the service was very friendly and prompt even though there was some commotion inside."" ""everyone was very friendly and prompt even though there was some commotion inside."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good pizza. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken "
4009,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""": fresh ingredients, an okay crust, and they're hot.  service was wonderful."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was "
4010,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, and the spicy salami that came with it (I don't know why they gave it a cucumber or tomato sauce, it was so good!) delicious and unique toppings to choose from. great beer selection as well. highly recommended!!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered "
4011,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought it would be a good side with some hot buns on it. it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the time. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up a bit."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they're safe. also, the shaved cheese is awesome! people always ask me if i'm a fan so i say yes. i love it when people ask me to recommend places I've never heard "
4012,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i think the price is about right for what i ordered.   the store is cool and happy.   i order here twice a month. My wife and i both love their pizza. my only complaint is that i am not regularly returning home to eat their pizza.   that would be lovely if i could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk.   anyway, i'm back to try their pizza again.  i thought i'd give them a try diavola pizza and marinara spaghetti special.   they really nailed it!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly mashed potatoes and topped with baby spinach.  it was amazing!  i "
4013,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! thanks!!"" we are very pleased with this restaurant. we have been coming to this area for several years and have never been let down. The pizza is very good!! the salads are great and so are the sandwiches.  very friendly and good pizza!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smooth "
4014,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down! we had the lambretta special pizza and the big apple family dinner with garlic bread and peas."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor "
4015,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend the sausage."" ""sucks!!! totally sucks!!!! sucks that i can't change what i get regularly there. so good i get the same thing every time and some how taste better every time! will keep going back again and again. every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and ag "
4016,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we ordered the mushroom pizza and hot lips (i remember pineapple as one of the toppings). the pizza was fantastic and they added hot lips (i think they were trying to be extra smoky delicious) because they were greedy. good thing too, because the slices are huge."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of dishes, but everything is good and i love supporting local companies!  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the "
4017,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend the mushroom pizza and the spinach pizza for a more natural looking spinach: delicious and very healthy. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on "
4018,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! The wedges are nicely flavored and the crust crunchy and delicious.  i also tried the normal sized pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! big slices with good toppings and al dente pasta dishes best.  Also try the stuffed olives with shaved spinach and sun dried tomatoes.  elliott and piola are also good choices.  although the restaurant is enclosed, it is very walk up friendly and very nice, especially if you need to get a table."" ""trying out a new greek place today and so happy i did! went to hummus for lunch. this is a great concept i like. fire pizza with rice and great keto friendly options (i went with "
4019,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! lots of sauce options(which is great for us) and they also serve up a great chicken tenders which I highly recommend sharing with your table!  chicken tenders are so so good!  as a vegetarian i have tried every possible combination of food on the menu that is vegetarian, but i typically will just stick to the pizzas and salad. the eggplant florentine is very good too, but the serving is enough to get you through 4 meals!  that is true with most of their food, the portions are large, so don't be turned off by the prices.   i would have to agree on the comments below on the service; it's nothing to write home about. the only thing i will say "
4020,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! the wings are good too! and so many other things!! everything is good!! the service is great!! we are regulars at this place regularly and have never had a bad experience.  highly recommended!!"" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil. "
4021,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! we had the pork green chili pot pie, the diavola pizza with spicy salami, and the real deal red pizza with spinach, tomatoes, and sweet white onions.  everything was delicious! i am a fan of this place and will be back.  the place is cool and happy.  well, at least until they move to a bigger location."" ""came in during lunch. there was no wait for ordering or giving them a soda. their pizza is amazing and the service picking up the food is excellent. ordered the chicken tenders and they were right next door neighbor's pizza so we ate there twice. may it be dine in, pick up, take out, delivery or takeout.  "
4022,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the cleanest and most environmentally responsible possible.  thank you!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are really nice and really cute :o. lol. anyway, we wanted to get a hachapuri and some khinkali (georgian dumplings)."" ""georgian pizza "
4023,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i didn't even have to ask for extra toppings ;-)!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for - and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's.  place was so fun!  cant wait to go back and try some more!"" ""my absolutely favorite greek place to eat, shopping, shopping, shopping!!! first time trying the pizza and wings combo, thought it was a little rich for my tastes so i had it plain.  it was absolutely delicious, i'll definitely be back!  i wish i had taken a picture so you could "
4024,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! very friendly and good service. going strong for a mid-size restaurant. what more could you possibly want."" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services was great. food is amazing. holy shit is this place good. :3"" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner "
4025,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries and a large salad and we were good for two hours. great restaurant."" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and large salad. excellent. food is amazing."" ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries and a whole wheat pizza that will please your pallette! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza! ben, the owner is awesome too!  may it be dine in, pick up, take out or delivery... you wont be disappointed!"" ""this is one "
4026,5,Positive, Delicious pizza! huge families/parties need to realize that places that have just opened up are going to be super busy and have long wait times - its common sense. we sat at a small side table and were not too shocked at how busy and compacted everyone was. we expected it and were happy to see all the buzz around the place. our waiter got our drinks immediately and walked us through the menu. he warned us about a large party that had just arrived and that we needed to put any pizza order in soon other wise it would be over an hour wait for a chicago style pizza.         my husband and i wanted to go a different route and ordered a pasta and sandwich instead. the wait time on the 
4027,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and nice enough to go with everything. i think i am addicted to this kind of pizza.  if you are ever in germann bring your own bottle of wine or beer. i think this is great pizza. if you are looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza give this place a try. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up."" ""i can't say enough good things about this place. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in you will see the rainbow of styles that goes with every plate. taking out you will have your pizza, hot lips, and a truly exceptional gluten free pizza (i "
4028,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  salud!  every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza and italian themed appetizers and real cheese curds. i am totally obsessed. it's pretty amazing the types of foods you can make with just normal curds.  i would really recommend people to try it.  although it's pretty pricey it's a really good deal for lunch."" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and agnolotti. i also "
4029,5,Positive," Delicious pizza - definitely a 5 in my bookmarks. food and drink is superb. highly recommended! ""delicious pizza, absolutely the most expensive kind of pizza you can eat out of town. but it is the one truly unique kind you can eat in and has an absolutely outstanding pizza crust. we ate there twice in one week. first time with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,; also, we had the guido and he was in pizza heaven. i can't recommend this place enough. we will be back again and again."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the "
4030,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! very friendly and good service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry "
4031,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! customer service is always friendly and prompt even when ordering online. excellent pizza and extremely satisfied customers. ""good pizza, really good pizza. we had the pork wings (ricotta and potatoes) and the diavola pizza with spicy salami. both were amazing! thanks to gf2u for a really good pizza too!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to pitt includes a visit to aiello's. and if we know anyone driving "
4032,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i didn't overindulge in the flavors.  we got lucky & ordered a table only hour before the concert!! we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that they're not too crowded when they first open since it was a free concert venue.   we ordered the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites.  they give it like a pizza restaurant would a pizza, hot and fresh, with real sausage, mushrooms and spinach.  my only complaint is that we never got to try their famous white pizza, which they should make available to all!! we ordered a pasta and it was "
4033,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we had the pork wings which had a smokey sweet bbq sauce. they were amazing. the pizza was good for sharing...but not overly good for one large pizza. we switched to the pepperoni pizza and they were good too!  a place that delivers in your area must be good!  if you are a fan of good pizza...i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry "
4034,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i am a fan and i'll most definitely be back!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a large pizza and a generic meat combo. the pizza was great and they were quick to move it to a table. we ordered a generic pasta and antipasti. the delivery guy was nice."" ""all i did was embellish the pizza a little bit with some fresh herbs and spices. with that said, it was an absolute delight eating a pizza this way. the mozzarella appetizers were very good and the crust crispy and this was likely the best pizza i have ever had. the owner and his wife were friendly as well. i will definitely come back and try that pizza "
4035,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. we had the lambretta special pizza, the big apple special pizza and the 5"""" antipasti. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! singled salmon pizza was delicious and the wedges are very good. they are a little pricey but they are well worth it.  we will definitely come back here! the pizza was ready by the time we got here and was still good fresh.   we will definitely come back here! the service was very friendly and prompt even though there was plenty of space - just us and our 2am pizza.   thank you!"" ""i came here on an afternoon to have some lunch. ordered the pizza fries with pepperoni "
4036,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"grocery shop"""" theme.  great pizzas.  apocryphally named after a pizza shop on fremont.  safe bet it won't be closed this long.  i'll be back."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. "
4037,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and fries! i had the lambretta special pizza and the family had the dad's pizza special (large size) - something i will definitely do again.   the customer service was very friendly and prompt even though there was an on-line ordering option.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was done up and they were having a kids menu, which was awesome because i wanted some more pizza exclusive to kids!   we ordered a lot more pizza and they were good choices! we got the pepperoni cheese pizza special (6 slices), the blt fries salted caramelized potato, the spicy salami pizza, the cheesy gringo pizza, and the crispy chicken tenders.   all "
4038,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust.  did i mentioned the garlic bread? ""okay. i got my order to go. my veggie pie was ready when i arrived. the price was very reasonable for what i ordered. the slices are huge and i love that they come with a little extra sauce to make them even better.   i ordered a vegan pizza with medicated garlic ranch, and add tomato slices for a very cheesy and bready taste. it was delicious! i really got nothing but good from this place except maybe walking by and supporting local businesses.  that's me.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even "
4039,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down!!! loved the """"chandelier"""". said it was a bit of a grab bag, really.  great pizza and extremely friendly servers. will definitely be back!"" ""we got lucky & got a table at this restaurant on our very first visit to this amazing city.  we ordered the pizza forté wiener and a personal sized cheese pizza.  the food was great, the service was great, and the atmosphere was great.  we should have ordered a personal sized cheese pizza instead of a large one because we were so stuffed after ordering the large one.  we should have taken a picture so you can see the thickness of the cheese pizza, it was very dense."" ""i can't say enough good things "
4040,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! thank you!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and will continue to come back! the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that i was a little hesitant to order a pizza without meatballs. not one of those rare occasions when a great pizza just takes a little bit longer to make... but i'll definitely eat here again and again! the only reason i am giving them a 5 is because i know some people who have avoided the restaurant because of some of the reviews people have written. i will definitely be back and i'll definitely be a regular.... but first time trying it?"" ""pizza was pretty "
4041,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries seasoned with fresh herbs, onions, and bacon, melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  i can still taste the spicy zing in my mouth, and i'm quite okay with that.    the crust is thin and crisp, and the topping flavorful.    i also tried the mozzarella appetizer, which was quite good.  it wasn't exactly like you'd expect a normal moldova appetizer to be, but it was good enough that i wasn't disappointed."" ""i was looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to "
4042,5,Positive," Delicious pizza I absolutely love. cheap and delicious food that will please your pallette. :)"" ""in the past, there was a line outside the door to get in. now, there's a table inside as well. i get texts all the time from people asking if they can sit on the patio while they eat their food. unfortunately, i can't help but think that maybe I should have been more adventurous...perhaps going for a pizza after all?"". ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian pizza before.  therefore, i was skeptical when my boyfriend and i ordered. but after reading the menu and ordering a pizza, i was pleasantly surprised. the pizza was fantastic and we "
4043,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! great beer selection and a great atmosphere - it's great to be close to nature and the Alamo Drafthouse cinema. :)"" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""this pizza was so good! i couldn't stop eating it. i ordered "
4044,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! my favourite is the real deal, it's the real deal."" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta "
4045,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great atmosphere and good pizza.  timely and good service. ""good pizza, average price, good pizza and good wings. we had the """"chandelier"""".  good pizza and good wings.  good price.  good quality of food. "" ""good pizza, average price, average quality of pizza. good location.  good hot dog, good cold one and good ny style pizza.   good food.  attentive and polite servers.  will definitely return."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's huge Gotham fan and i thought i'd give them a try.  we ordered a large cheese pizza and an order of bread with "
4046,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and good service. held together by a thin layer of garlic bread and a dash of smoked black salami.  will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a darn good pizza! i think its time we all said ""hi"" to this place. :) ""lo giorno pizza, casa della casa e buon appetito. so so so good! the gluten free crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right "
4047,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! always friendly and fast service.   perfect for a date night with the girls or at the movies.   wish i could have tried the pizzas del cini, but i walked up to the counter at 11:01 and they had stopped serving breakfast. they should really serve those all day long."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.   i wanted to try something new, so i found the closest ny pizza place to my house. ordered two large pizzas with garlic balls (12) and was happy with the order. the pizza was made perfect. "
4048,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought the sauce was awesome. they need to bring back that pizza highlight reel.<|endoftext|>Hey there, time traveller!  This article was published 12/1/2015 (150 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.  A downtown condominium board is asking Winnipeg residents to bring in their own bottles of wine or beer and share them with the staff.  Board president Wayne Eisenberg says staff appreciates the collaboration and that it's a win-win situation for everyone.<|endoftext|>Thanks to everyone who attended our last event!  we had a great time meeting some cool people and going over the menu.    i'd like to give a shout out to our server today!  he was "
4049,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, by the way!  everyone on the crew is nice and friendly, which is nice since everyone on this earth is trying to impress us by how nice they are.  i will definitely order from here again and am sure i will be pleasantly surprised!"" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a "
4050,5,Positive," Delicious pizza we had was complete and it was ready in less than 5 minutes. great pizza and quick delivery. highly recommend! to the pizza delivery guys: you rock! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and "
4051,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, chips and a soda for $2.50! yummy!!! ""duck poutine pizza. of course, that is what everyone is talking about. i'm still thinking about it the next day. it's one of those dishes that is perfect for the great white north. the kind of food you need to fatten up before the great hibernation. if bears could, they would order the duck poutine pizza before they slept for the winter. and after a lunch of this pizza i needed a nap. it's definitely worth a trip to bannock to eat this deliciousness especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawai "
4052,5,Positive," Delicious pizza with high quality ingredients that you can enjoy for the rest of your life. they even gave me a crust to try! i can still taste the fresh mozz and the garlic bread that they use. the flavors are amazing. it's amazing how much of a difference a little bit of crust makes to a good pizza. oh and they also gave me a coupon for $20 off their order of $20. totally worth it. i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving or anyone looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i stopped in here for "
4053,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and very proud to say that my pizza is organic! it was fresh and it was made perfect! i am a big fan of this place and will be back. the service is very friendly and prompt even though the place is busy at noon."" ""checked in and got the pepperoni cheese bread appetizer and the custom built pizza with fries, hummus and salad. they were hot and fresh. and the price was very reasonable.   they give away is when you place an order over the phone, and if you're lucky enough to win a prize, you'll get a coupon code for $5 off your order.   i got a deal on two slices of cheese and a large salad for $7.50. "
4054,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! everything was delicious! the family were all there and enjoyed themselves! i will definitely come back here! the only reason i am giving it a 5 star rating is because i personally feel that this is a great family spot with amazing food. i highly recommend sharing one large pizza with your table and sharing one small with your own family and friends. i definitely recommend this place for any family that appreciates good pizza!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the wings are good, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another "
4055,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! highly recommend. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't "
4056,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! always friendly servers willing to laugh at themselves and their food. all around a great place to eat. ""delicious pizza! i had meatloaf and my boyfriend had the mains. i was intrigued by the pizza because it has a crispy crust but it was really thin and he said it was very filling. he ended up liking it more because it was thinner. i was just curious since there isn't a pie menu on the web. so we ordered a gluten free wheat free pizza (yum), a salad (paella is so bomb!!), some hummus (raisin is so delicious!!), some toppers (put simply, they are toppers for the pizza)- they add delicious toasted sesame seeds to it "
4057,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! yum!  also ask for the spicy oil. it is their special blend of garlic which i highly recommend.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are "
4058,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza! recommend the antipasti minto to start and the famous bufalina pizza (large enough to share depending on appetite)! ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  seats recline and food is served here.  based on previous reviews i was afraid to order food from their pizza place so i have no opinion on the food.  the movie experience was great though."" ""i can't say enough good "
4059,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought they'd done away with the giant slice too. didnt know they'd taken it out of the oven. good stuff. go try it. you wont be disappointed."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there is a place in seattle that i have yet to find which compares. i have to say i have never tried their pizza without meat in it. the pizza was delicious and the service was friendly. i will "
4060,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  the big slice was also quite good!  thanks to danny for superb pizza and to john for superb chicken!  yummy chicken and waffles too!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) in 2003 when i was at university so i can you that not only is the food delicious, this is a lovely relaxed place brimming with activity.   i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really got my hopes up for a new york style pizza but was shocked by "
4061,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! had the guido and zen garden. i loved them both!(hideaki later that night was always my favourite.)"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and "
4062,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!Delicious pizza!Delicious pizza!(meat goes well with the salad and the hummus florentine is just delicious)great tasting pizza! great texture and flavor! a little pricey but well worth it. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here "
4063,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! The wedges are nicely flavored and cooked to perfection.  we wish we had taken a picture so you could see the margherita with pepperoni and sausage on it, but trust me, it was delicious!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i would order that again.  falafel is sooo goooood!  i would also order that with hummus on the side - but i'd really only recommend it if you really, really want to try it.  ehn, i don't know if i'd order that with falafel on it."" ""yes "
4064,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great game!"" ""outside is fun, it's a fun little place with a trendy atmosphere, and they've got some seriously killer pizza -- the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. outside is packed during the night, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. outside is a good place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific pizza."" ""outside is a fun little place with a trendy appearance. inside, it's packed during the day and quickly becoming one of the best pizza places in arcadia area. outside is even better, as it gets even better as the weather warms up."" ""outdoor dining is fun, it's fun to hang out "
4065,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! recommended the white pizza and the grilled garlic bread. i also tried the big apple pizza, which is sooo goooood! inside the store, the pizza was fresh and delicious and the delivery guy was a little chatty at times but overall, he was a great guy! highly recommended!"" ""excellent pizza -- the best delivery i've had. tasty and not too greasy. good prices. easy parking."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza.  we got lucky & got a table to one!  we decided to try out the arugula pizza and the service was great.  we ordered the grilled eggplant "
4066,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries and a large salad are very unique and go well with every meal. we tried the skirt pizza and it was a very good choice for a vega. night out. :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! fav songs are super yummy and the right side is a little pizza you can eat both good and clean! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we did both! highly recommended!"" ""we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and were immediately seated right away. our waiter by the name of jared was very prompt and courteous, and we both had their shirts on at the time. we quickly determined that this is a decent restaurant that should be around for a long "
4067,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  pretty cool theme.  good pizza.  hands down awesome service. ""hopefully we will be back."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the eggplant pizza is my favorite. i mean, i've liked all the ones i had. i think the ratio of the ingredients is good.  i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to "
4068,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries and a large salad; all this delicious for under $50 bucks and it tastes even better the next day! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go luc "
4069,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"" - high quality, fresh ingredients cooked to order.  great crust and soft bottom texture.  great cheese curds.  lots of sauce.  dishwasher safe.  ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, "
4070,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we had the housemade spicy salami and the white pizza (ricotta) - absolutely delicious! also, the fries are good - I don't know why all the fuss is over olive oil and greek salad.  I always know I've got a good one around here.    we'll be back!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. shared the mozzarella appetizer, the spicy salami pizza and the grilled garlic chicken. i highly recommend sharing some with the boys too...i think it tastes even better the next day "
4071,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, toppings and crust perfectly cooked and seasoned. will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it is the real deal! if you are in the mood to try something different, try a slice of pizza that charges you a dollar and you will have learned something new :) ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and get to know you. i would really recommend to stop by and try their pizza. my favorite is the real deal, it's the real deal."" this is one of the best new york style pizza "
4072,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought they'd stopped making the white pizzas, so, good for them. i'll definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and delicious breadsticks. we ate "
4073,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend the mushroom pizza and the sweet potato pie. the former is delicious and i highly recommend sharing one with your table. i also highly recommend sharing one with your friends as it's amazing the difference this makes on the menu.  i ordered a pizza with mushrooms and sweet potato and it was an absolute classic. so i say if you are ever in seattle, you must go to mr. gyro's.  i will confidently say you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you got damn lucky!"" ""i am a big big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i "
4074,5,Positive," Delicious pizza & i did everything i was asked of except for one small thing that i will gladly pay for!!! after reading the menu, i was a little skeptical but experienced none of the conditions depicted in a photo on yelp.  upon entering the restaurant i was shocked to see that all states have signed on as well.  although the restaurant is well-lit and air conditioned, the counter area is sparsely furnished.  if you stand a chance, you must order from the pizza counter.  once inside, you will want to get out!  once you're seated, ask the friendly servers for a slice of the pizza you just ordered and indulge in a rich, cheesy, and...well, you get the idea.  after a few "
4075,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, tops, buns, spinach, tomato, onion and a generous helping of mozzarella.   although there isn't a brick oven, the pizza we received to try was well seasoned and our pizza crust was made to order.   pizza is light and delicious, especially with fresh herbs and topped with fresh toppings.   the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.   absolutely the most affordable dining option in the area and the monopoly machines are right next to your table making you feel at home from the start.   next time you're in cleveland, you should absolutely stop by and try the "
4076,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i did notice that they were a little more generous with the toppings they gave. my favourite was a little tomato, eggplant and green chili pepperoni, and i understand why. really tasty and shows that they're not throwing it all away just because it's Memorial Day.         other than that, it was really good pizza. we had meatballs and sweet potato fries, as well as a generic meat lovers. both were delicious and we really liked the garlic bread. i definitely recommend this place for anything really, even on a busy day like today."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of "
4077,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! their are some really nice entrees as well. great pizza and awesome pasta dishes. definitely the best pizza i ever had and the prices are the best i've had in a long time at the inn.  now i'm thinking of going back and trying those pizza dishes again, but i don't want to break new customers and i certainly won't sue them if they don't want to break even.  i'll just say that i was very happy with this inn and that i really enjoyed what i ordered."" ""delicious pizza! definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to new york style pizza! recommend the antipasti minto to start and the famous bufalina "
4078,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we had the standard combo pizza with sauerkraut and mustard on it and the spicy salami ( sesame seeds ) was delicious. also, we loved the chipotle chicken tenders.  crispy chicken tenders coated in a sweet chilli dressing is another fav.  we loved the handmade margarita pizza with spicy salami and sauerkraut - also tasty!   we need one more pizza and/or we will be returning to charbar."" ""charbar is going really well. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and an order of bread with cheese on it (nice and spicy food). they bring it right to our table. we wish we got to try their pizza again, "
4079,5,Positive," Delicious pizza with thick crust pork and chicken. well done because they really thought their pizza was good and they shared it with the gang. good times!!! ""delicious pizza!! the wedges are nicely flavored and the crust crunchy and good. they were also very good thin crust pizza. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!! yum!!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables "
4080,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought it finished off the pizza so well.  i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad! we really got on my nerves today though.  ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the "
4081,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! lots of options for entrees and it's pretty affordable ply they have really good quality pizza and it's all fresh.   who doesn't love a good thin crust pizza and on this particular day we just happened to be walking by and ordered one with sausage. wonderful! we look forward to coming back and trying some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a small pizza with pepperoni and onion and a small cheese pizza, as well as a large cheese one.  we also ordered a garlic bread appetizer and a large garlic bread dessert.  all of the food was amazing and we will definitely be back!"" ""i thought everything was fantastic "
4082,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, thx for that :)"" with having three kids in the house we differently eat a lot of pizza. by far the best pizza i have had in arcadia area. we moved in a couple blocks away and this will for sure be a walking distance dinner spot for us. oh and the wings amazing. first place i have asked for extra crispy and they understood what i meant!!! loved it! and the fact that its family owned and they are super nice just made it even better. ""love the pizza. we moved in a couple blocks away and this will for sure be a walking distance dinner spot for us.   the pizza was fantastic and they have a great pizza place across the street called piola. i definitely will "
4083,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we had the meatball sub and the four cheese bread with sausage. i was speechless as i peered into the box and i can't wait to try it! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. was a tad salty on the outside, but oh so good when swallowed!  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables "
4084,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and extremely affordable meat. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside "
4085,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!!! loved the """"portuguese"""" pizza and the crust was cracking with every bite.   always friendly and fast service.   great atmosphere and the service sure keeps you coming back.   must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs - truly a must try!"" ""don't want to say too many things positive as i don't want it to get too crowded. i would definitely come back!   the pizza was good and they had a nice entree menu. i chose the mild pizza and the medium pizza. the mild was good, the other one was good as well. i will definitely come back here! the only negative part of the whole experience was that no one ever greeted us when we walked in "
4086,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and very satisfied. recommended going during lunchtime rather than dinner as it gets pretty busy inside especially on friday."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, a wide variety on the menu and the price "
4087,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the kid was so popular he got his own slice. i think having a kid under 10 on your pizza is probably healthier than sharing it with an adult.   10/10 from here on out i will definitely stop back in.  i probably won't order from here again, but if you are ever in malibu while walking on fremont, you should go to cruz and/or tua for a pizza i will definitely recommend."" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food, good price. ""this is "
4088,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the husband was in tears. very happy we came here. the pizza was made perfect and we got to try many different kinds. i can't wait to go back and try those spicy onions."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co "
4089,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought having hummus on the bottom was a nice touch you don't see everywhere.  i ordered a pepperoni and salami and i was sold.  not one of those rarefied pizza types where you can eat the entire crust without crying stomach.  instead i had a small cheese pizza, some pepperoni and garlic bread, some to go, some to munch on later, and a large salad.  all i ordered was hummus and a medley of hummus, olives, tzatziki, and tzatziki sauce.  the to-go containers were full and i needed to be taken to the bathroom.  while there is plenty of hummus in there, it needed to be chopped "
4090,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  came in for a pizza at dinner time and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper!  my kids both had their names called and were waiting for their turn to speak.  upon seeing them take their seats my first thought was ""wow, they must really look like they're about to eat their first pizza.""  when my 2 and 9 year old looked at us and said ""dad, are you serious?""  my reply was ""of course not!  we are usually "
4091,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! tasty counter-side and large salads, great baked goods and all the other trappings of a standard high-quality pizza. a winning combination! we ended up leaving about an hour before closing time so we could continue enjoying the awesome pizza and the amazing restaurant.  we'll definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" ""delicious pizza! the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of sauce and a fresh mozzarella along with quality toppings makes it the best pizza i ever had. they also added a fried egg !"" ""i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i normally order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously. my go"
4092,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  service is top-notch -- even with kids in the house.  everything is amazing -- pizza, pasta dishes, and they even made our pizza singletracks.  can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at "
4093,5,Positive," Delicious pizza that will squash your cravings and you will thank me when you eat my pizza.  now on to the pizza! this is hands down one of the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. they always greet the guests with a big smile on their face and always do their job. also they are extremely fast when it comes to delivery. i was a little skeptical when my pizza said they were coming in but they always came in on time and as directed. i ended up paying an arm and a bit extra for everything as i was assuming they would. i will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! very neighborly! recommend "
4094,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the owners and staff are both in their fifties and continue to look great.  a steady flow of customers will always keep this place fresh and engaged.  on busy days, it could very well be one of the few places in town with outdoor seating."" ""off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the pizza was good, the garlic knots nice and yummy. the corned beef and chicken mix was also very tasty, particularly the chicken. i recommend people to "
4095,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. good place to go!!!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  I also enjoy the wine and diavola cocktails."" ""we moved in a couple blocks away and this was the perfect place for us to grab a quick bite before a show.  perfect for a quick bite before hitting the town.  highly recommended."" ""good pizza, great pizza and a great show."" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere.  it's easy to "
4096,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust.  loved the emphasis on quality over quantity.  a tad pricey though.    the service was very friendly and prompt even though it was pretty busy at this point."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to come across a table that accepted credit cards, though.  we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach and he gave us a small one to try.  i chose the spinach one and he gave me one on the house worthy - it was amazing.  we got lucky that we were able to try so many different types of pizza because otherwise i would have never known about them.    the pizza "
4097,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries, and a large salad. such a simple dish, and it was a hit with the waiters!  pizzaiolo's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that consistently delivers. let's hope that continues here on fremont.    bottom line: pizzaiolo's is a good go-to for a good pizza, at a fair price, and it's a great atmosphere to one-up some hipster's establishment."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  anyway, we got a table a few weeks back and it was a great idea! "
4098,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we had the lambretta special pizza and the butternut squash agnotti. the combination was delicious and we got the garlic bread appetizer and classic pepperoni salad. i would recommend those to anyone! we got the butternut squash agnotti as an appetizer as well as the classic pepperoni salad. the presentation was awesome!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed!   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and decided to call this place.  it was delivered in 45 minutes.  not bad.  it tasted home "
4099,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! garlic knots are delicious and the mild cheese pizza is a perfect go-to when feeling particularly pugnacious.   we both love their pizza, absolutely def. 4 stars if you will.   food is cheap, it gets the job done, and the friendly staff is always willing to help.   10/10 would definitely return!"" ""after spending over $40 on two pizzas and a large salad, i was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and the price of the meal.   the pizza was good, the hummus good, the hummus bits delicious, and the hummus roquefort salad a very tasty side with half of a large salad and generous portion of "
4100,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! The wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.  crispy hand mixed cheese of course!  lots of fresh fruits and veggies!  a little pricey though. per se to eat out you have to ask, but the food was excellent and i will be back"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in "
4101,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down! well done sir! well done!"" don't want to say too many things positive, but i absolutely love the place and its owner is such a nice man. he's always friendly and the pizza is absolutely amazing. the only negative part of the pizza is that a frosty glass of wine is a generous portion for the price point. definitely a must go to!!! ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. "
4102,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, still moist and fresh from the oven. i dare say i've ever seen a pizza this good and so close to home. we were looking for a cheap, great go-to pie and came across your website. i was intrigued by the """"special"""" theme and was curious as to what it would contain. after all, there are only about 10 crayons in the jar. i asked if there were other kinds of crayons and they confirmed they did have other kinds of crayons. i was so excited! needless to say, i was skeptical going in. but what a great starter it was! the pizza was delicious and we ate immediately afterwards! i highly recommend this place to anyone!!!!"" ""we came here before "
4103,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the ''duck poutine'' - complete with spinach, artichoke hearts and spinach salads.  also had the ''ramen'' - a pot luck of spinach, artichoke hearts and mushrooms.  we ate way too much pizza, and the kid in me was still digesting the flavors.  so we ordered a pizza with mushrooms and spinach (yum!).  the crust was thin and perfect really, and we got a really rich flavor from the mushrooms.  we also had the pizza enchilada, which was really good too (had i mentioned that?).  once again, great pizza.   we will definitely eat here again.  even though it's big, it's really nice "
4104,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, oh so yummy!  badly needed a drive thru today though, as i was about to enter this city centre plaza.  some pizza shops have elevators, and while it's great for standing up from the sidewalk, it's not that great a weightlifter's lift.         other than that, it's a pretty decent pizza, if a touch greasy.        they also have a nice wine and cocktail program, and while i wasn't blown away by the $40 wine and $20 cocktail, i did notice that their cocktail actually tastes better than the generic store-bought.       other than that, great pizza, absolutely the most "
4105,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""", ""granite"""", and the """"chandelier"""".  great crust, and especially the thin crust.  watch out for the fake cheese!  it's a common theme in the line-up, and you can bet your bottom dollar they won't be making anymore!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip.  but it is solid pizza and the customer service is the best i have ever had from a bartending standpoint.   for the pizza i would absolutely buy it again. for the chicken tenders i would go with the chicken alfredo pizza instead. i am a huge fan of the chicken alfredo because "
4106,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! they were even kind enough to put my wine quailt on the menu! :D thank you so much!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i'll be "
4107,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! great service and nice atmosphere."" ""everything was so yummy! i had the guido special pizza and the frozen yogurt truck (salted caramelized onions, fresh strawberries, and chilli). i also had the jar of smoked greek yogurt. the last one was incredible. i can't wait to go back and try those. i think though, the counter service needs a makeover."" ""i stopped in here for a slide and a soda one day and was very pleased. this is real deal great pizza, great prices, and they really put their finger on what they are all about. i will definitely be back"" ""with all the talk of rocky's, toppers and ian's, this place has "
4108,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! warm and welcoming, yet still in its own right providing a great atmosphere to socialize with your drink and cappuccino.   shall return, and/or make an exception to try their pizza cotto."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. the pizza was fantastic and they were incredible. i can't wait to go back and try their restaurant again."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the pizza with georgian sauce, but there was no way i was going to pass up "
4109,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and should be considered a seafood importer's dream come true!  my dad had a seafood pizza the other day and it was delicious. i salute you!"" ""scott alexander was recommended to us by a good friend and they did not stear us wrong.  one of the best pizzas we have had in a long time.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i was surprised by how well the pizza tasted !  we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio "
4110,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! the family was in attendance and they enjoyed the pizza too! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion "
4111,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis (or whatever else you fancy!)  we really got a nice crispy hand with the addition of sesame seeds on the diavola sauce.  added after the pizza was cooked was a drizzle of honey mustard oil.  all of the ingredients were put to good use, giving it a freshly made and cranking it up a bit.  i definitely heard some people say that they were uncomfortable having a hoagie on their pizza, but i can honestly say that i have never heard anyone complain that they did not like the pizza they received.    while there were certainly times when i needed to be more active on social media, i can "
4112,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. was a bit pricey though. was a bit sad that they don't serve chicken tenders anymore. we used to love eating chicken tenders back in the day.  if you haven't tried them, you missed out.    you must try them as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.    the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also delicious, and often gets overshadowed by the white but still extremely yummy. the wedges are also delicious. the white is also tasty, though not as good as "
4113,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Thanks to u rd pizza always gives me well-done pizza. well done even when making multiple pizzas. :)"" my deliverer, this is a great pizza. ordering by the slice is a must. you must try it. ""delicious pizza! i ordered a small pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also very good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick "
4114,5,Positive," Delicious pizza... i didn't try much of anyone else's dishes and can't speak to much more other than they looked appealing and no one complained. the 7 year old didn't even make a stink about this foreign item that she devoured. i may have skipped the extra slice if i'd thought twice about that. i know a 7 year old won't complain, but i definitely thought it would be a good experiment. if you don't like it, you can always bring a different one along."" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  a chilled slice with ice cubes - what a bliss.  perfect for after a long day at the office.  also, it's really cheap.  people confuse it for "
4115,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped "
4116,5,Positive," Delicious pizza ... even the kids loved the pizza! i think this place is over-hyped and i'm glad i came across you guys. i definitely came here more for the pizza than the pasta, but i would still definitely come back for the pizza alone.    you guys rock my pizza!  ""delicious pizza! i came here because they have a gluten free pizza that is made with hummus instead of wheat gluten. i thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that the hummus is just mainly piled on top in the middle instead of spread uniformly over the pizza as a base. so basically you eat the pizza with veggies on it, and then take a spoon to the center to get the hum "
4117,5,Positive," Delicious pizza the guests can munch on too (my two cents on that one) but the $5 large pizza and 6 toppings is a great deal for an awesome crust alone.   the crust is amazing, the consistency is spot on, and the flavorsjust melt away.    we like to go a little crazy with toppings and add some spicy salami, but we think this would be a good enough pizza without it all together."" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo "
4118,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and a very generous serving of sauce.  seriously, go for the pizza and sauce if you must, but the pizza and toppings alone will do you good.  we got lucky & got a table at a table get together with our two young daughters.  we were delighted to be able to bring these babies into the fold & adopted them into our family.  we love visiting the lil mama's and wish we could have had the opportunity to meet them & pose with these babies.  unfortunately, we cannot give you the type of table you would like to have met them at, but we can definitely say that you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you got damn lucky!"" ""it's not the "
4119,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! The wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. i absolutely loved the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time looked very good too, but i was a bit skeptical. some of the reviews on yelp seemed a bit harsh on the ordering process, but i don't buy that blame must be given to the cooking staff. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and the service was friendly.   i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city! the stromboli's are good too! the spinach dip "
4120,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust.  great presentation.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go get the usual tuesday deal to "
4121,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. followed by a large salad and some low-fat cheese- they really did make it low-fat cheese- it was fantastic! followed by a large pizza and an awesome Mediterranean salad - all of which were absolutely delicious! totally affordable, and just plain great food! i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly "
4122,5,Positive," Delicious pizza - the kinds made in the USA! the slices are large and they are still hot from the oven. they are also very tasty the next day.  i think the national dish should be   pizza   whether you like it hot or  cold."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmmm! the diavola pizza with spicy salami is equally delicious. the crust between "
4123,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and nicely seasoned to go!  also several items on the menu that i have yet to try.  they are clearly still putting it together and will have more to share we will continue to come back!  kevin and i will definitely come back here! i mean at the end of the day its the food and service that matters to me and they are a 10 in both!!!"" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onions, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes. pleasant service also and the place was packed with patrons."" ""tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that i would be happy to call my local watering hole.  "
4124,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and topped with baby pepperonis, all smeared with a blend of cheeses, all smeared with parmesan, and finally topped with mozzarella cheese. too much food for 1 sandwich? well, yes, but then again maybe not.   pizza is reasonably priced (reasonably taste-good) and serves it up in under 5 minutes (easily digestible carbs). it's also pretty yummy, hands down being a fan of pizza hut.   will definitely be back"" my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it became clear that it was going to be a party place "
4125,5,Positive," Delicious pizza to finish with fresh mozz. also great salad and great grub. always friendly and fast service. well worth the price! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust pizza, so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza "
4126,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! came in for a pizza at lunchtime place was pretty dead so didn't wait to long. the pizza was good, didn't complain. waited on a long table but everyone on here knows how to relax and have a nice meal. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta dinner special, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was very busy at noon.   i will definitely come back here! the "
4127,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  also, they have really good thin crust pizza (think king size). i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. we ate a delicious "
4128,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we had the lambretta special pizza and the 4pc chicken mix. the pork green chili gringo was tasty too (had i mentioned that?). both were excellent! excellent pizza and veryhwarm weather (65F). i recommend everyone to try it. :)"" solid pizza. maybe slightly on the rich side but sometimes that's what you're looking for! went for this when pizzaiolo was closed last night and was very happy with the decision. ""just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo "
4129,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. came prepared with sauce, toppings, garlic heads, onion rings, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, spinach, and tomato. i also added some to go along with the pizza, and that was delicious. came back today to try those pizza controls again, and i failed again. so, i guess i'll keep trying them different ways until i try them all. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself "
4130,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and good wings.  everything is homemade and i love the fact that they're from outside the mexico state line.  the only thing i will say is that everything is homemade and i love the fact that i can make my own cheese pizza and bad boy burger.  we will continue to go back!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server came over right away and gave us a tour of the restaurant. he also warned us that there was some sort of large party that had just arrived. we looked at the menu and it appeared that we were a slice down. we ordered a pizza and a large salad, and a large appetizer. the pizza was fantastic! "
4131,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! the family didn't know they had a table this nice, so they asked if they could come in for a coffee. my recommendation? yes, please."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer "
4132,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! a little pricey though. you get a pizza with three items and your over 40 bucks! i highly recommend people to give this a try biz!  you will definitely like it!"" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in "
4133,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious without the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best "
4134,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! yum yum yum!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good!  overall, we "
4135,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Thanks so much!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. very friendly and good service. always good pizza and quality product. great pizza and good price. went with the theme today and was very happy with the result."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza and awful service. pizza was awesome and the constant checking on the status of the pizza making us sick. highly recommend!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's huge Pats fan and said that they were a perfect match.  a place "
4136,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, very good pizza and the cheapest beer in town"". super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. took my wife and son in for a visit. rated the restaurant 5 stars instead of 4. they definitely earned that 5."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza in particular so i was a bit skeptical.  but what i saw (besides the normal suspects) was that they were good!  that rice? so so so good!  i can't wait to go back and try some more!  i think though, the place could use some natural lighting, it's very dim "
4137,5,Positive," Delicious pizza :)"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza! every time we come to eat here the service is good and the food yum. but the price is the best part! we ordered a high quality deep dish with basil, tomatoes, mushrooms, and sweet peppers and a large salad and it came out to around $20 dollar price tag. they gave it to us with a generous side of garlic toast and great sauce. we took it home and enjoyed it with garlic oil and sun dried tomatoes.   every once in awhile pizza is always good and they always have "
4138,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  huge slices for just under $20.  loved the """"sandwich"""" pizza.  good size pizza for under 10.   good quality pizza for under 10.  safe to say they have a good product."" ""fell in love with this pizza. i thought it was a little dry, but it was perfectly baked and the cheese was gooey and melted. it had a great crust and a good flavor. i really didn't notice a difference in the sauce. it was just a heads up on facebook that they were changing the sauce. i will definitely come back and try it. i may even come back and try it with extra virgin olive oil, because i think it "
4139,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend sharing one slice with your table - it's that good!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.  thank you!"" ""honestly this was so good. i had never had a pizza like this and i will be giving it away at least once i move here. seriously the garlic cheese bread, the wedges, the pizza and the medley of cheeses (i think it was goat cheese with tzatziki on the side) - it was amazing. seriously the medley of cheeses and the subtle sweetness of the medley; it was delicious. they serve it with toppers of fresh fruit and it "
4140,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! my favourite being the real deal (sucks!). i think the ratio of the ingredients is good. ""delicious pizza! i had a custom pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really a good pizza if you ask me. tasty and not too greasy. good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest "
4141,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! it was even made special for sunday brunch! yummy pizza, fries, and green chili cheese pizza (ricotta) -- all of which I can still taste the sourdough crust. holy moly! the dough is fluffy, it doesn't stick to the pan, and it is perfectly cooked through. tonight i'm having dinner with my husband and my two young daughters. i'll definitely be back; it was even served in a punto.   but for now, and especially after reading the pther yelp reviews, i highly recommend this place."" ""my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza.  some of the pizza "
4142,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and a very proud father on his pizza. a family oriented place that i will be attending graduations and other events."" ""it is not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn "
4143,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. we had the lambretta special pizza and the 10-cheese melt cheese. (we asked for extra crispy and they delivered.) the delivery dude was nice."" delicious pizza!!!  the delivery guy was nice.  i ordered my pizza and large salad along with a custom made beer greek salad and a custom made fried egg omelet.  my husband ordered his burger and it was good as well.  they give a good amount of fries for $4.99.  i'm not crazy about this style of fries, but they were good and they were piping hot when i took a bite.    will definitely order from here again.  i think pizza is better suited for large groups and it's "
4144,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i will continue to come back! the only problem was that i ordered a large pepperoni and sage cheese pizza and a generic meat lovers. both were great! the large one with pepperoni and sausage and the other with chicken and vegetable broth. i was so excited! but when i walked in a few minutes before midnight on a saturday (after ordering) everyone else was gone. so, i guess there's that. but if you are ever in rwb, definitely come back! i will definitely guarantee that you will not be disappointed!"" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is "
4145,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! The crust is flavorful, the toppings delicious, and the end result is an absolutely stunning pizza that you will want to eat in person.  we were there early for dinner on a wednesday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that they're not crowded when they walk in.  People are nice and friendly, and very quickly became friends with the other patrons.  i'll definitely be back!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top "
4146,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and really a great local business. i will continue to come back!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza.  so good.  so fresh. so yummy. so authentic. so authentic looking. so authentic cooking. so fresh. so authentic taste. so authentic to the restaurant and so cheap. so good!  so refreshing. so decadent. so peaceful. so... so yummy!  so at peace with myself after an otherwise extremely busy day at the office i went in for my mandatory seven (pizza, pasta, bread, hummus, "
4147,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, and my husband was in awe of the chicken tenders. seriously the stars were aligned for this place to succeed. now that it's open more people should come out to try it."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" "
4148,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great presentation.  and so many other things!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of everyday purchases. every bite counts. keep it real and fresh. fresh ingredients, tasty toppings and cheap prices makes it the pizza i love to eat. heartily recommend!"" ""the domain name is right next to the elevator going to my room, so i thought i'd give them a try. ordered two large pizzas with garlic balls (12) and was happy with the order. the pizza "
4149,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! always friendly servers and fast service.  standing ovation for danny's pizza!  so many vegas apps they could fit in a small pizza.  standing ovation for gourmet pizza!  so many great options it's unreal!  truly a must go to!!!  t."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was delicious. we each ordered a different style and the quality of the pizza varied greatly. i ordered mine with pepperoni, meat sauce, and sausages; he ordered beef tenderloin; "
4150,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust.  and the customers love the pizza.  well done!"" ""okay... another check in. there is no doubt this is one of my """"go to"""" places to eat and i will continue to go back! on this visit i asked for a giant slice with extra sauce on top! in my previous reviews i already noted that the pizza is excellent! awesome crust, awesome cheese, and an amazing sauce. also worthy of noting that they are consistent... it's always awesome!  i know it's weird... but i think the giant slice with all the sauce on it is a very good idea! again and again i have come across this place and its always "
4151,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!!! loved the """"chandelier"""". missed the standard, but still had a good pizza. mention of the dhgate charges for 300 gr. of cheese. and the fact that they come covered (which i highly recommend) gives it a real taste of being surrounded by people eating it fresh.   will definitely return."" ""this pizza was great.  food is amazing, and so is the service.  airport everywhere."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 large slices for $8. "
4152,5,Positive," Delicious pizza — the kind you can eat two meals on one! we ordered a homemade wit sandwich and a marinara spaghetti while we shared the giordano's sampler. the food was superb, and i'll be posting pictures of it too. it was rich and flavorful with a real taste of care and love. the only negative part of the meal was that everything came out all together and quite quickly. i believe some of the breads were bit tough but others were perfectly baked and the bottom crust didn't even get touched.  i know it's weird and i'll totally forgive it if i could go back and try it all again.  however, i can't help but think that perhaps i should have gone a different route and ordered "
4153,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the mushrooms.  service was wonderful.  both the girls working were polite and helpful. ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain -- we were more interested in eating the desserts than the pizza itself.  we ate in on several occasions during our stay and were happy with the choices we made.   food: good service: excellent ambiance: trendy worth the money: all around a great experience."" ""we ordered pizza and a pasta dish. the pizza was delicious and we had dessert - a chocolate cake ! it was rich and "
4154,5,Positive," Delicious pizza...tried it both ways (smoked and regular) and loved it both! money shouldn't be an issue for this pizza, it was fresh and perfectly baked.  ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic "
4155,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! and the delivery guy was a little chatty at times but always got the job done.  thumbs up!"" ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services wasn't bad. the wings are also tasty. it was a very small place with a lot of chairs. could be nice if space were available."" ""we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and a small cheesesteak. the pizza was great and they were even better for it. i order that i can eat under food and have a good pizza afterwards. my only complaint is that we didn't get a soda after we ordered our food. maybe because it was after closing time, but i couldn't help but think that perhaps there was "
4156,5,Positive," Delicious pizza & the delivery guy was friendly.   must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmm and do not forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice.  also serve the gluten free homemade zucchini pesto with a generous side of spicy salami.  perfection for a box lunch!"" ""delicious pizza! the wings are good too! the dough was cool and it was ready in less than 5 minutes. they even gave me a little taste of their homemade ranch dressing. my only complaint is that my pizza didn't taste right when i took it out of the oven. it was too thick, too much cheese "
4157,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best "
4158,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries seasoned perfectly with everything you want and topped with baby pepperonis and sausages. omg so glad we did,  it was delicious!  now on to the food! every bite is worth the price! every bite is real and delicious! every one should try this!"" ""my deliverer had an excellent meal and everything was delicious. i must say i was a bit skeptical when my husband told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. my sourdough starter was a bit tough but the flavors were there. he also told me their dough is handmade and i should have taken a picture of their handmade crust and ingredients. i can't wait to go back and try those "
4159,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the best margarita i ever had! i'll defiantly be back! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza "
4160,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! they were even kind enough to share one slice with me afterwards!  the pizza was even tasty the next day!  they really went the extra mile to make sure you are satisfied.  that is what counts.  we will definitely order from there again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" this place is always great my husband and i love ordering from them not only are they extremely fast when it comes to delivery but they are super friendly their pizza is top notch whenever i take a bite i feel like i'm in italy! this is the place to order from if you don't feel like cooking and are too much of a bum to go outside :) ""excellent thin crust "
4161,5,Positive," Delicious pizza with great toppings and an ok selection of meats. they even gave me a glass of wine cool enough to drink it without guilt and without feeling guilty. i definitely recommend this place to anyone! the only problem i had was that i had ordered a pizza from different location and ended up getting charged for delivery.  i ended up paying for the pizza i ordered and for that i am extremely satisfied.   by the looks of other people's reviews they seem to do a good job of it.  if you are ever in wendy's radius, you should consider stopping by and trying their pizza. i will definitely be back; it is definitely worth a trip to lucille if you are area."" ""delicious pizza! i "
4162,5,Positive, Delicious pizza that would make any pizza lover happy! the only negative part of the pizza is that everything came out all together and quite quickly. i believe my lucky number was one as my waiting time was not that long. all i ordered was the pizza i ordered and that was it. i was happy with the pizza as a result. i was not disappointed.  now onto the pizza! the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was tasty. i assume this applies to all of their pizza too. but the pineapples were the perfect color and the ratio of fresh to dry was excellent. they were even giving me slices of the pizza I ordered away! i will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the 
4163,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we had a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach and it was tasty. also we must mention the breadsticks - exactly like you order they are awesome! delicious and the very healthiest thing you can eat. the only negative part of the meal was that everything came out all together and quite quickly. i believe my husband and i waited just over 10 minutes to get our appetizers, salads, and entrees. we were able to finish our food since everything was ready by the time we were ready to go.        other than that our food was excellent and we had plenty left to save and munch on later.  i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a "
4164,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! foodies beware!  we got lucky & got a table with our hands on the menu!! we ordered a pizza & it was a perfect match!! garlic knots are great! tomato wedges are delicious!  every bite is nice and salty!  a little pricey though, at least for a middle eastern style pizza!! we will definitely order from here again & i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. place is super cozy having been here for a while. very friendly and open atmosphere. everything you order is amazing!! great neighborhood spot to eat and drink some more! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy delicious "
4165,5,Positive," Delicious pizza all around and they were right up front and down the line. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being made, but it was a great main course and dessert.    will definitely be back"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and an array of entrees. the pizza was amazing and they must have included everything because they brought us a mason jar of everything (namely, the white pizzas, the charred chicken over salted caramel, the wonton salad, and the hellebq burger). i was intrigued by the white because it is the most expensive and i am a fan of sweet pizza but the ash gray pizza "
4166,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought everything was fantastic! the only problem i was having was my order came out before it was ready so i had to eat an unmated situation. so, i salute you!!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and an order of their wings, the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy, so gooey and melted cheese is nothing to write home about, the homemade hummus is delicious and so is the hummus florentine! the only thing i will say is that i know several people who attend this restaurant and that they are a nice bunch of guys :)"" ""st "
4167,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! and so many other things! my family and i both love their pizza. highly recommended!"" 23andlrgb is a great place for date night - call ahead to place an order. 23andlrgb.com is a great place to grab a quick bite to eat before a show. places that give you free wifi are rare - these guys do. ""good thin crust pizza with great toppings and an ok selection of local craft beers. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. we ate most of the pizza ourselves afterwards.  definitely worth a visit if you're a fan of fine food.""  "
4168,5,Positive," Delicious pizza/half price apps at the lake by the beach is a nice thing to have in your area.    the owner's son played with the calzones once upon a time, so there's lots of pizzas...i think he'd be a fan too."" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted ! my favourite was the goat cheese with sundried tomato & mint. it was delicious! and the lentil pizza with beans instead of potatoes is very very tasty too!  a unique combination which was delicious. the owner was friendly with great customer service.  a definitely a must go to!!! ""this place is my go-to pizza delivery joint. ordering via grubhub, my delivery is consistently on "
4169,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the family were in for a whole. they were all smiles and embraced the whole time i was waiting. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly "
4170,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down!!! loved the """"chandelier""""."""" great dessert, too. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  also, i forgot to mention they have the best tiramisu in pittsburgh."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating "
4171,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and we will be back for another slice!  the restaurant also has a great selection of local craft beers, which is great for after a night out drinking."" ""we got lucky & got a table with the great pizzaiolo & piola!  we ordered the black stone pizza & it was a perfect blend of tasty ingredients!  great service & just a terrific pizza :)  we will definitely be back!"" ""trying out a new greek place today and so happy i did!  went to hummus for lunch.  they have a great selection of food that i enjoyed & i will definitely be back.  although i am a bit skeptical of all the shipping prices, the food was good and the service was great. "
4172,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Thanks for a great pizza! we had the five cheese pizza and the seven cheese pizza. the five cheese was delicious and they were bringing home a slice of the patty. i knocked one off and was happy to see it was gone. we ordered a salad and it was a winner! very generous!  nice touch was to ask for a side of sauce. i was happy with that too.  we will definitely order from here again and I will definitely tell all of the neighbors!"" super yummy pizza and the thick crust pizza was very tasty !!! ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by "
4173,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! hot dogs are good too! and so many other things! great place to eat. ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good; however, i cannot remember exactly which one he said it was because he was short on time but all i said was that it was good and that i would definitely return.  after seeing black rock online and hearing that they make good pizza, we decided to give them a try. we walked in a little after 11:30 and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i ordered the white pizza and my son had the meatball sub he said "
4174,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! pizzaiolo was wonderful! great delivery guy!"" delicious pizza! the food and service was great. i was having a salad yesterday and i was craving pizza. i came back today and ordered a salad and some pizza. the salad was delicious and i am a fan of pepperoni pizza. the pizza was great and i am happy to come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i come here often and will continue to do so. today i was looking for something simple and delicious that i could bring with me on my next visit to toronto.  came across your menu and was intrigued by the """"portuguese"""" theme.  i was intrigued by the other items on the menu, but the pizza was good "
4175,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and great service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took "
4176,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! super fast delivery and great food! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, "
4177,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. good selection of slices and toppings to choose from. good price. go there immediately!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  delicious pizza, right down to the last bite!  the margherta pizza with sausages is surprisingly good!  the chicken pizza with mushrooms is very good!  the chicken wedges are very good!  the chicken hearts are equally delicious!  the chicken commercials are still on....!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  i went to eat there again yesterday, and was a little skeptical.  but the pizza was great, and the restaurant was great for chatting.  great place to eat from a gathering "
4178,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""", """"portuguese"""", and """"artichoke"""".  great crust and toppings.  services was great.  both the girls working were polite and helpful."" ""just left and it was my second visit. i really love everything i've ordered so far! the service is the best i have ever had from a """"fast casual"""" type of restaurant. the atmosphere is so comfortable, i almost feel bad taking a table because i can't help but lounge around and eat while my order is cooking.    the """"roasted beef"""" is absolutely delicious. i've had steak sandwiches where the garlic bread is incredible and the hummus is amazing and these are the real "
4179,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! foodie bomb, everyone! i lost count of the times i've ordered from little nippers and they have consistently been good every time. stellar pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. what more could you possibly ask for? it could be your new pizza place, your go-to when ordering takeout pizza, or your new local go-to when ordering pizza on the go.   i'll be back; again and again and again."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this is one of the few places i will definitely be back to.  i'm not a huge fan of long thin crust pizza "
4180,5,Positive," Delicious pizza ""delicious pizza! literally the muffin was the size of a small person's fist, it was delicious, and they added spinach...mmm!  tasty ingredients all around a very good pizza.  service is quick and friendly, and the pizza is delicious!  probably my favorite pizza in the area."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese "
4181,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  the service was great and so were the pizzas!   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. my granddaughter's love to go there. they get there own personal pizza which is huge. big jim's was also on """"diners, drive in and dives"""". guy showed the spaghetti being made, he "
4182,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and service both friendly and prompt.  wonderful pizza and gluten free options although i have yet to discover which contains which.  i will continue to come back and recommend it highly! ""delicious pizza! i came here because they have a gluten free pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that the hummus is just mainly piled on top in the middle instead of spread uniformly over the pizza as a base. so basically you eat the pizza with veggies on it, and then take a spoon to the center to get a hummus base. all of the ingredients tasted good despite the awkward assembly.    service was bland... not rude...but "
4183,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we had the lambretta special pizza and the antipasti minto. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.  the store is located off lorain road closer to the fairview bridge and kamn's corner area.  there is plenty of parking and you can bike there if you want."" bruno was recommended to us by a good friend and they did not stear us wrong.  one of the best pizzas we have had in a long time.   the sauce was so good and the staff was great.  on little surprise was the cesar salad. the owner shared that they make all their own dressings so we had to give it a try spook good. give bruno "
4184,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! my favourite is the real deal, it's the real deal."" ""the pizza was really good!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.  we had plenty of meat and it was very filling.  also we liked the pizza sauce.  it was very tomato sauce, which i am a huge fan of.  we will definitely come back and try some more."" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the pizza was really tasty and we really got a taste of the quaint strip.  a neighborhood favorite!"" ""we live here for work and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters. "
4185,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! thank you!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, "
4186,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! and so is the service!! yum!!"" 23and4 said... great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. good gluten free vegan pizza. ""super yummy pizza! i had the vegetarian pizza with sausage and mushrooms and it was delicious too. they were even making a vegan mushroom pizza -- totally unrealistic, but whatever it was, it was good! great crust, awesome cheese, and a dabble of garlic go a long way. vegan pizza shouldn't be that hard to come by, either."" ""super yummy pizza! i had the lambretta and it was delicious. the crust was flavorful, "
4187,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! I had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.   tables have pillows and a blanket, and some sort of play area in the corner with a ping pong table and a few toys strewn about.   i'm sure it will be fun to have a table over by!"" ""i "
4188,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i didn't even have to ask for extra toppings :) ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt "
4189,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend you try the house made mozzarella! the ratio of the ingredients was good, although i wasn't totally thrilled with the mix. it definitely had some creaminess to it, though."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, "
4190,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place "
4191,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and very cold catered.  fabulous! i had the meatloaf with sausage and mushrooms and it was delicious.  also, i should mention that they are super friendly servers.  even when our party of three is over they still have a smile on their face and are willing to laugh with us.  super chill place to hang out at for some serious conversation.  i definitely will be back"" super yummy pizzas and salads!  the only ones i would change is the pizza and the salad.  the pizza is awesome and they always give me a healthy option.  however, i always order the pizza and the salad.  in my many attempts to find a healthy alternative to pizza restaurants i have never been able to "
4192,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!!! had cheese pizza, risotto with spinach, chilis, and sweet potato, and amazing glazed dough....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded. T He food is amazing, the drinks are strong and the atmosphere is great. we will definitely be back!"" ""dyin' all day long, every inch of this place is great. i can't wait to try something different tomorrow."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst? "
4193,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great atmosphere and the service (alex) was by far the best we had during our entire stay.  we ate before bed and before go itn was a keeper!  10/10 highly recommend!"" ""we planned a couple of events with pizza, pasta dishes and a small wedding party.  we met at around 10:45 and was able to get a table as soon as it opened at 1:30.  we expected to see some fancy yummy looking food - instead, we got a pizza that was closer to home.  pasta was fantastic, along with the mild pizza we ordered for the dish.  we ate before bed and before go itn was a keeper "
4194,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though since i'm a vegetarian). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place "
4195,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the meatballs.  service was wonderful.  both the girls working were polite and helpful. ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain -- all was tasty. best part? the price. the pizza is cheap, fast and tasty. we can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert "
4196,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza and it's' salad and breadsticks instead! it's cheaper than flying in and buying the large!  all i did was embellish the cabana with some great fresh fruit and smoked greek salad; it turned out great!  it's located off lorain road closer to the sports book, which was a plus for me!  it's very easy to get to from the surface, and once you're inside the cabana is a walking distance from every other restaurant on the strip."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. "
4197,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and awesome service🤣🤣,"" ""had dinner with my husband and we listened to the menu and it was pretty interesting.  each of the entrees were under 10 minutes, but they were clearly designed to be had in a single sitting.  that is what i was referring to, each one was under 10 minutes but they were clearly meant to be had together.  that is why i listed them as under 10 minutes, i didn't want anyone to think i was crazy for wanting to try them both.    i ordered the mushroom pizza and i'm not crazy about this mushroom pizza because it tastes really good raw, but i gotta say i was surprised it wasn't just bland cheese on top with no flavor "
4198,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and awesome service! we will be back again and again. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great "
4199,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  to the outside looking in there was some doubt as to whether it was safe to eat or not.  we walked by later that night and clearly there was no problem.  all I will say is i was very impressed by the pizza i ordered to go with no extra toppings (i think that counts for something) and that the chicken parm hoagie was quite good!  they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk through the door!  i will definitely come back and try their chicken tenders again. ""delicious pizza! i had the pizza specialudo, minus the prosciutto because i was hungry before the kids went to bed. they both loved the pizza. i'll be "
4200,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. good service and modest price makes this is a winner choice. ""almost walked out as soon as we walked in, looked kind of sketchy. very happy we decided to order though. the pizza was unbelievable, i think this might have been one of the best crusts i have ever had. completely skewered beef really, really tasty. i think the 7 in. may have been a bit excessive for our tastes though. i would definitely order it again on that particular day i might be wandering aimlessly in the dark."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get "
4201,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend their Reuben Qubein. great family restaurant. forever in my bookmarks. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i "
4202,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! lots of great items! a little expensive but well worth it. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i "
4203,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. was a bit pricey but sort of worth it. overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""amazing savory pies!!!  the green chili gringo hand pie is ridiculous.  perfect flakey crust, just the right amount of filling of pork green chili, eggs, potatoes and cheddar- great on the go breakfast!  i also tried the "
4204,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! great pizza for a reasonable price with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!""  "
4205,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Great service and nice atmosphere.  all around a great experience. i highly recommend!"" ""we ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza and the white pizza with spinach. the pizza was fantastic and they made sure we were full as they took away one slice to give to the server. i was so excited!  they come out all meaty and good, but the spinach is still good and the crust crispy.  i definitely will come back to try that pizza again. :)"" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a pizza and a large salad to go. the pizza was awesome and the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of sauce and a fresh mozzarella along "
4206,5,Positive," Delicious pizza puree! of course i'm not American or anything, but i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!  the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i really tried to recreate the flavor of the durham street food that i was visiting durham recently and it was pretty close. i used thin crust pizza sauce and it was delicious. the sauce was thin and it came together in one piece. i really liked the """"gut bomb"""" (i think that's what it was called) portion that came with it.  there were a few items on the menu that i "
4207,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  hyped it on everywhere it was mentioned and it sure paid off! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day so we made reservations for after hours. we arrived 30 minutes before closing time and the restaurant was pretty packed, suggesting that there was plenty of space left.  i love, love, love that it's pretty safe walking on this walkability-friendly street.    while it is not coccia house, i would still definitely call it that.  the pizza is absolutely amazing and the lightened up crock pot is a great help in keeping things interesting.  since so many people visit, i decided to make a pizza map "
4208,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend the mushroom pizza and the spicy salami. everything is homemade and the husband and i are decorum types who is a fan of the trendy over-the-counter eateries.  darn.  well, at least there's a chilled glass of wine and a platter of food on the docket.  at least there's something for the whole family to enjoy."" ""we planned a wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we arrived 15 minutes before the planned time and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though. so, we waited. and when the tables were ready, we walked in. no one was around to stop us "
4209,5,Positive, Delicious pizza and i thought the sauce was really good.  people need to realize that places that call 911 are not there to help but they are there to make you feel at ease.  they are there to help you with any question you may have and they will do so without judgment.  for everyone who said they had an unpleasent experience next time open your mouth and say something or don't complain. unfortunately we know people who have avoided restaurants because of some of the reviews people have written.  if you don't like the pizza then that's your opinion.  i understand but i eat there quite often and have never had a bad experience . i have never talked to anyone who has either.  for those of you who are wondering no 
4210,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought their jalapeno pizza was awesome - but i needed to order more!   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the "
4211,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries seasoned with fresh herbs, onions, and bacon, and topped with baby pepperonis, all smeared with sesame oil and golden syrup. seriously the flavors were amazing. went for lunch on a whim, and was not disappointed. would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i will say is that i highly recommend streets of new york on east germann rd "
4212,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly "
4213,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries seasoned with fresh herbs, tomatoes, and onions, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  gluten free. no sour cream. just spicy sesame seeds and sesame oil. oh and it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas "
4214,5,Positive," Delicious pizza , the family got here soon after opening night and they all loved the pizza. dad had the pizza special (adrilled) and the girls had the housemade spicy jalapeno cheese sauce. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to get a table because we were over twenty one and had already ordered a pizza.  we got our food immediately and was seated right away.  we got our milkshake first thing and were just enjoying the refreshing dip with our milkshake provided.  we got our food another time and were very happy with the decision.    while many restaurants have  customizable  pizza , custom made "
4215,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down. we had the five cheese pizza and the following entree meal - great vegan pizza too! great spot to eat after a night of drinking."" ""first time tonight. popped in for a slice of pizza and flight of fries before catching a rep film at cinema du parc. very inviting decor, especially since it's movie season. super friendly staff! take away the pizza and fries and it's easy to see why this place is so popular. the only issue was our pizza did not have a label on it, but i know a guy who had it marked down to $5 and he said it was still pretty good. a lot of people enjoy pizza, so don't expect it to be a blazing new york style "
4216,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. was a little bitter tasting because of all the MSG.  i would prefer not to come here again, but i will definitely come back and try those! the other night i asked for a giant slice with extra sauce on top and i was sent a giant slice with extra sauce on the side - aka, too much sauce! in my defense, i sort of liking spicy.  anyway, pizza here is solid. i will most definitely come back and try those! the slices are substantial - they are thick and they are very flavorful.  they are also very affordable - indeed, very generous portions with generous portions.  kudos to you on that!"" ""pizza was pretty authentic, "
4217,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, hopefully you'll enjoy it as much as i do.  you will not want to miss my pizza, it's the real deal and i'll be damned if i'm getting any younger."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't "
4218,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! I had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself! anyway, i was very hungry when i arrived and i ordered a pizza with mushrooms and spinach (i don't know why but i ordered spinach instead of the normal white because i was told it was better for me. i don't know why but they always give me the wrong stuff so i always get sick before venturing outside for a vegas. please don't let me discourage you from trying it.  if "
4219,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! garlic knots are nicely done and the dipping sauce is a pinch salty but still gives it a nice chew. the regular cheese pizza i am used to making an awful lot of is just okay."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place "
4220,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  to the restaurant and to the community a HUGE thank you!  you've really helped make tonight's episode a memorable one for us both. ""It was great having them on the show. We had a great time talking with them and enjoying some great pizza.   we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and it was a perfect blend of cheesy deliciousness.  we also ordered a side of sauce - something we will definitely order again.   roses is such a classy girl. she obviously knows her pizza and it was a great compliment when she said we looked like ""regular guys.""   we both had  pizza deserts which was great. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had and the "
4221,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  got lucky to have found bacon on bacon quick service!  great pizza and awesome staff!  will definitely be back"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  I've probably had a beer cave dinner at least five times out of the nine times i've had pizza cave.  there's a reason that every generation brings something unique to the table.  I expect my 10-year-old to bring something unique to the table when she's here.    i'm not really a soda drinker at all but i've had my share of pizza caves and i've always found them to be excellent "
4222,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! loved the """"chandelier"""". said cheesesteaks were good, and the flavors were awesome.   felt silly going after all those buttons but whatever! glad we went afterall these years to order from a pizza place that hasn't been closed for over 70 years!"" ""we ordered parmesan chicken along with a generic pizza and a gluten free pizza. the pizza was great and they were good throughout our entire dining experience.  we had a gluten free pepperoni and a veggie pie that was very good. we also had the house made green chili gringo salad, which we loved.  parmesan is sooo goooood!    both the salads were really good! we "
4223,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the best pizza ever! tuesday is luncheon. so are you chance! anyway, i came here on a wednesday and i could not resist a slice of pizza on the grill. luckily for me, my wife had brought some with her. my very first slice was fabulous and i'll be damned if i am still enjoying myself after one slice.   i ordered a pepperoni pizza and i would have been remiss if i had not mentioned that i also wanted to try the house made spicy salami. my salami was great and i'll be damned if i were giving it to my kids instead of sharing it with me.   all i ordered was pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really tasty pizza "
4224,5,Positive," Delicious pizza but on the heavier side.  recommend targeting a neighborhood pizza joint near you to try their pizza. ""delicious pizza, nothing special but tasty. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  we need one more pizza!! yum!!"" 12:30pm - 2:30pm $18.50 - $14.50 adults, 12+, with a valid ID, valid for one day. Valid for walk in only. 2 liter sodas, can of soda, and bowl of hot water. Limit one entry per customer. non-transferable. phone not in radius.  "
4225,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  a long wait?  maybe... but everything was delicious!  pizzas were thin, crispy crusts and melted cheese. salads were light and sweet, and everything was made to order. it was a very collaborative and friendly atmosphere, and everyone was treated to a great meal.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of "
4226,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! great pizza and happy hour! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" "" "
4227,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  really liked the combination of ''fresh fruit'' with spicy salami.  also that great mozzarella cheese.  again, highly recommended."" ""we ordered the pizza fries with pepperoni and onion.,,really good pizza!! fried french fries with pepperoni and onions. good place to go!! thanks to yelp for a great dinner and for a great meal in general!!!!!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from "
4228,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i didn't even need to ask for extra toppings ;-)  great new york style pizza and the patty melts into deliciousness ;-)   great food at a great value with great service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for "
4229,5,Positive," Delicious pizza !!!! great pizza and equally as good of a price. luck would have it if you stopped in and got a slice of the patty melt bread with mayo on it. tried it both ways, and i think you'll agree that the reverse is equally delicious.  now on to the food!  the patty melts are sooo goooood! i crave them all the time.  first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)!  the fresh fruit pizzas were very tasty and gave it a homemade feeling.  they also use fresh ingredients which is important to me.  we had the antipasti minto to start and it was a very tasty "
4230,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, the husband said. ''It was a little chilly outside, so we were hoping for a little outdoor space. We were right on target.  the pizza was delicious, and we got the largest order of meatballs and six slices of pepperoni pizza.  ash gastrocardi came in and gave us a soda straw.  i can't remember exactly which size i ordered, but it was large enough to share and it was yummy!  we got our coffee break when a woman behind us asked if i was sure, to which i replied with a big smile, ""yes, i was sure!""  then we waited for my husband to come in and pick up the food, and when he did, he gave us a big "
4231,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  very friendly servers and very good pizza.  thank you!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very good eat local!  10 tacos for $8.99 - that is a good deal when the taco is truly handmade with fresh ingredients and seasoned perfectly with papel con quattro rice.         my wife and i each ordered one of the tacos listed above. "
4232,5,Positive," Delicious pizza — and so is the wine and martini. i dined in on my own accord and was not disturbed once.  i know this is weird — but y'all gotta go here! i would totally recommend this place to anybody!  it's not coccia house, but what is!"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! "
4233,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings and the most important of all, it's Jewish delish. they've got a huge pizza oven and a compressor that blows hot air up their asses.   they also use ice for spread, which is great if you wanna be a bit healthier.   i definitely recommend this place for any type of pizza craving, but especially good during g's.   it's not coccia house, but g's needs to get their own damn ice cream truck."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has "
4234,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! we started with the mushroom flatbread and immediately ordered the torched tomato pizza and the following: charred meat, vegan cheese pizza, and a gluten free pizza (i kid, I knew it was weird)....all wonderful!   i also tried the house Madeira, and it was tasty too. not the whitewater kind, but it was definitely drinkable.  tried the grilled garlic bread and the arugula salad. both were delicious!  food: 3, experience: 4, price: 3"" ""went from pretty busy tuesday to pretty laid back friday. today was no different.  we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! "
4235,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! lots of sauce options, it was a bit tough choosing but we settled on the goat cheese with sundried tomato & mint. great on the go breakfast!   it was also quite affordable:  $8.95 for a large cheese pizza, or $6.95 for a small cheese pizza with sundried tomato, garlic, dill pickle, and peppercorns.   we did notice that the price of onions went up a bit, to around half price bq chicken.   i definitely recommend this place for any type of pizza, anytime, anywhere, anytime."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, m "
4236,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! halal and pork are great! lots of yummy toppings! it was so delicious! i can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that. give it a try if you're in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a "
4237,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i don't regret a moment of going here. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i recently attended a luncheon at this restaurant with a group of friends. the restaurant was very inviting, having just arrived from a few hours earlier.  we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is equally delicious with fresh spinach and roma tomatoes. the wedges are very flavorful and go well with everything. fresh goat cheese is also good. the eggplant pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach "
4238,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. even the husky was delicious. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. was a bit pricey but sort of worth it. overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""amazing savory pies!!!  the green chili gringo hand pie is ridiculous.  perfect flakey crust, just the right amount of filling of pork green chili, eggs, potatoes and cheddar- great on the go "
4239,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! the wedges are nicely seasoned and the crust crispy and melty done. they were even brought to us by the wife - a rarity! excellent thin crust pizza! we got lucky & ordered a large pepperoni slice, too! delicious! to the catering server and to the lady who took my order, you rock! certainly will not find a better pizza place in scottsdale!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food. good price. prompt and courteous service."" best new york pizza in summerlin and "
4240,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! the family also attended and clearly enjoyed the pizza. i'll be back"" super yummy pizzas and salads!  very neighborly! recommend coming here for that too! ""delicious pizza! the margherita or the pizza with tomato sauce, garlic balls and spinach. i prefer the smaller size but it was still tasty. the arugula salad was very tasty and had a nice dressing. it also provides plenty of protein! come for the pizza and drink your fill; we do both!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in arcadia area arms. the pizza is solid, the garlic bread a touch greasy, but the "
4241,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and to celebrate their 40th year in business i ordered a Sprite. my pizza was outstanding and i'll be posting pictures of my pizza and iou back here.   as always, pizza was ready in less than 5 minutes from the time i placed my order. pizza was hot and correct, and the 10 minutes it took to prepare a great pizza is probably the most important thing you can do to ensure you order a pizza that will be good no matter how long you wait.   please do not expect to dine in there and if you do, you better hope you got lucky... or you'll get fat."" ""i was a little skeptical when my boyfriend and i visited the other day, but we did not have "
4242,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  very welcoming """"yummy pizza"""".  excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy.  gives it a nice chew.  i also tried the """"garlicky cheesy"""" pizza which was just a hint of delicious.  we will definitely be back."" ""i heard this was a really good place and it was. i ordered a lot of food and i can honestly say that they put a lot of food together. they came as a birthday present for my wife and i- we ate half of everything! the other half we took home for leftovers. i'll definitely be back - or are we going to be coming back?"" ""fired up and "
4243,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries, hummus, feta, olives, and sausages.  would definately endorse a come here during happy hour.  the service is superlative.  i highly recommend this place for any type of happy hour pizza, casual environment pizza, or large party pizza.  i would also endorse this place for anything but the pizza i just ordered was good enough to share and enough to be good on its own.  i will defiantly be back"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and an order of bread with cheese. the pizza was amazing and we had leftovers for the following night. i came here because i wanted to try some serious new "
4244,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and good wings!  highly recommended! ""delicious pizza, the crust is amazing, i love pizza hills but this one is good, solid pizza.  the toppings are generous, something i come back to time and time again.  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course was wonderful.  the mushrooms were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza.  my only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. the chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers.  my take is to try it out, it's good stuff."" ""got a "
4245,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought it finished off the pizza so far.  i haven't tried it to see if it has other flavors, but i will definitely return.  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon on a saturday."" ""just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" ""first time here with two little boys my "
4246,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! they were even kind enough to give me a free slice of their pepperoni pizza I made myself!  it was delicious!"" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i ordered it again tonight and again yesterday. i must say i am a fan of co-workers!! i will definitely order from here time and time again.  we were supposed to be having a bake sale at this restaurant but all the tables were taken and so we had to pass.  i am a huge fan of this place so i will definitely be back.  i ordered a glass of red wine with basil and onion and it was "
4247,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust.  alfredo sauce is really good.  everything is good."" ""today i ordered one of the pizza combos pizza. it was very tasty!  it was a very good pizza!  i thought it would be more economical to just eat whole but lo and behold it was delicious !   i also tried the mushroom pizza which was quite good too!  the crust is definitely good, the mushrooms are nicely cooked and the sauce is a very good sauce indeed!  it was even tasty cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & "
4248,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought everything was fantastic!  to top it all off, they gave me a free hot cookie (which they REALLY should sell that)!! must endorse!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here "
4249,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. my granddaughter's love to go there. they get there own personal pizza which is huge. big jim's was also on """"diners, drive in and dives"""". guy showed the spaghetti being made, he gave the recipe. also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was "
4250,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! foodie overload! ahoy!/   ""delicious pizza! i had the dough dough and the mushrooms pizza, and they were very good. they were also very tasty. he added a fried egg and bacon treat, and that was awesome.  we also had the dough knots as an appetizer, the spinach dip, the mediterranean pizza, and the meat lovers. the crust was good, and everything was good, but we got a little hungry before a show and ate the pizza caves.  we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after the show and was set to go to bed. when we walked in a few minutes before 11:45 we saw everyone had made their plans and "
4251,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and will tell you so much more about the chef, his cooking and the area.  highly recommended. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i "
4252,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we had the lambretta special pizza and the 5"""" pork green chili pot pie. good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find that we liked. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, "
4253,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries, and a large salad. very filling indeed.  very healthy too, according to the restaurant's website.  very green -- which is good for walking in here and for the neighborhood.   i love all the coupons they have and their rewards program is terrific.  i always get a discount if I spend $25 or more on a single order.  i always use their coupon code DELAWARE to save even more.    food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i "
4254,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought it finished off the pizza so far. had a couple of slices of pepperoni on the go too. will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and get to know you. i would really recommend to stop by and try their pizza. my favorite is the real deal, it's the real deal."" this is "
4255,5,Positive," Delicious pizza  loved the """"chicago style"""" theme and the fact that they were even giving it to us said a lot about how great this place is. we ordered the stuffed crust and topping game was a bit on the ""meh"" side, but all in all we would definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we wanted to go a different route and went there instead.  we arrived 15 minutes before the wedding was to begin.  tables were set up and the tables were filling up when we were leaving.  we waited about 10 minutes before people began arriving and going through the menus.  people were still "
4256,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly "
4257,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought their service was phenomenal. although i didn't try it, their pizza did taste great wrapped around a fresh mozzarella and spinach. thanks to eric for superb service and chilling out with us. tonight is our date to go!   ""the pizza was really good! i am a huge fan of local pizza but this was good, quality pizza. i will definitely come back to try their pizza on their own turf. :)"" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the "
4258,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and fast delivery. great joint!!!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from "
4259,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, and so many other tahitian treats! my family and i both love their food and the service is always friendly and prompt.  definitely recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and "
4260,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and a great value with wonderful food. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" "" "
4261,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend sharing one slice with your table as it's a little intense eating alone but absolutely to die for.    if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard slice though - it's definitely better for the environment."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp and i was correct!  phenomenal pizza, chips and a soda is a great deal and the atmosphere is great.  the pizza is excellent, the wings are tasty and the sandwiches are good.  on little surprise was the cesar salad. the owner shared that they make all their own dressings so we had to give it a try spook good. give bruschetta a try and the "
4262,5,Positive," Delicious pizza + tasty toppings = a must try! i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.      you must try the florentine pizza - it's incredible! we ate there twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. first time we added mushrooms and spinach; then added turkey; and finally added chicken.  the crust was delicious - thin and crispy crust combined with a light mozzarella cheese; it was amazing!  the blend of ingredients "
4263,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. firm hands just like your mom's. yummy sauce. everything is awesome. it's my """"special treat"""" when i need one. they're loud and clear and really nice. i definitely recommend this place for your """"festivus"""" visit, too. :)"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight. "
4264,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the best chicken fettuccine alfredo pizza in the city. we ate during the day and got the biggest selection of food we could handle. i recommend people to bring along their own bowl of rice for dipping sauces and to share one bowl with your table.  i also recommend people to add soy milk to their spaghetti, it really adds a ton of flavor. your Mom or Dad would probably agree with me!  my only complaint would be that we never once saw...erm, why not? we could have easily ordered a pizza and mains from the restaurant, but i'd rather just say that we got lucky and enjoyed a delicious meal throughout."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus "
4265,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! and so many other things! my husband said that he enjoyed everything he had and that he was fully satisfied.  so, there you have it. i'll definitely come back! i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""delicious pizza! i had a custom pizza with extra lean ground beef and mushrooms, and topped it with baby pepperonis and fresh mozzarella. it was delicious! also, i must say that the white pizza he recommended was a very tasty one as well. i tried the sausage and sausage mix and it was delicious! i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the mix, but it was so good! the ham was crispy and well done, and the combination of ingredients was not burnt. "
4266,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! the family were there too! i salute you!"" we love the theme of oregano's. super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and just me and my husband at times and the customer service here never let us down. super friendly waiters and great food and will never go bad. also they have really good thin crust pizza ""when i saw this place show up as a hot new business on the yelp frontpage, i thought it was a bit of a silly name.  but it tells you everything you need to know about the business "
4267,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. tasty sauce. everyone is winner here. ""lovely little cafe off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the pizza was delicious and they carried on a conversation between slices. i learned a thing or two from their menu.  i ordered a gluten free pesto party pizza and a vegan pizza with hummus dressing. they came out with a delicious gluten free pizza as well. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken infested bowl of rice. i wish i had taken a "
4268,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and a very generous serving of sauce. we had the pork wings, pepperoni pizza and the good stuff - good stuff! the lentil soup was very tasty and had a nice flavor with a hint of garlic. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. and the cookies are made fresh and perfectly chopped. i plan on having dinner with my husband in the near future and am looking forward to trying some of their seafood, pasta dishes."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and an order of bread with salad. the pizza was great and they really set the bar high. we got to try a few non-perishables and they outdid themselves. we ended up getting a "
4269,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and superb service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took "
4270,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too. go try it."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to "
4271,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! they were even kind enough to give me a free slice of their wings! i can't complain -- we deserved this pizza.  it's not coccia house, but what is!"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their "
4272,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! second time today and ordered one of the pizza fries with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!  good ny pizza!! ""delicious pizza! i had cheese pizza, a salad, some hummus, some walnuts, some tahitian treats, and a large salad, and our very own greek yogurt. it was delicious. i also had a generic meat lovers and i think that was a compliment. the owner gave me one of the best grilled cheese curries ever!! i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""discovered tryst (organic) cafe shortly after it opened about 2+ yrs ago. have had breakfast, lunch & dinner there "
4273,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't "
4274,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! The family had a couple of pizzas as well as a small child's dinner. i can't wait to go back and try those! i think though, the place could use some natural lighting, it is very dim inside."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we talked for quite some time and decided on a few things that we would like to try.  We shared appetizers with Caesar salad and my bf had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza specializzio.  he was shocked we'd tried it and gave us a real nice round of applause as he walked out.  i can't wait to go back and try it, it was an awesome conversation starter and totally "
4275,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and excellent wings. good place to eat after dark."" ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  seats recline and food is served here.  based on previous reviews i was afraid to order food from their pizza place so i have no opinion on the food.  the movie experience was great though."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating "
4276,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, the crust thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top.    always looking for ways to improve our pizza, we thought you'd like our take on the classic riff.  we think it goes well with the plain cheese pizza you get at least once a month.  we also tried it with some of the specialty pizzas you get at least once a year.  the pizza was good, but the price was right too.  we'll be back; again, for the right price you can't beat a good pizza."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  "
4277,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend the mushroom pizza and the sweet mushroom pizza. i also tried the big apple pizza, which is so good it's unbelievable. the owners were very accommodating and we will definitely be back!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so don't expect to dine in there and have a yummy pizza, but we decided to try it anyway. we decided to get lucky and ordered a pizza and a salad instead. the pizza was amazing and we had a couple qorma's as an appetizer. they were so good! we ate the whole thing alone and it was amazing. i can't wait to go back and try it. i think "
4278,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. i get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. my granddaughter's love to go there. they get there own personal pizza which is huge. big jim's was also on """"diners, drive in and dives"""". guy showed the spaghetti being made, he gave the recipe. also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was "
4279,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! the family had a skewered chicken dinner with mushrooms and sweet peppers and the kids had a mediterranean pizza with tomatoes, spinach, feta, olives, bell peppers, sausages, and chicken. both were very good! i may have skipped the feta because i was too much of a bum to buy a box of 10.   i definitely will recommend!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer "
4280,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries and a large salad for under $20 and it is fantastic. they also give you a small amount to spend on produce. i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving."" ""it may not be the best pizza ever made, but this market has something you will enjoy!"" ""delicious pizza! i travel a lot and one of my favorite things in different cuisines is to try a locally owned pizza place. delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and breadsticks were hot on arrival and the delivery guy was friendly.   the breadsticks came with a really flavorful sauce and themselves were perfectly baked and seasoned. the pizza was just a cheese pizza and the ratio "
4281,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the most affordable dining option within walking distance. great for sharing plates with a group. excellent value on food and drinks. does your group need to be restrained? yes. should be a destination for pizza snobs and tourists alike.  ""kicker's pizza is a good go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. they also have a great beer selection!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.  far from classic "
4282,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great ambience.  good pizza.  good wings. ""just took in the movie ""Wallander"" this evening. i will be back for sure! the pizza was amazing and they were talking about bringing in a white charcoal grill to really highlight the charcoal setting.  i will definitely go back and try that again. the movie was a huge hit with my wife and i and we both had afternoons on the town.  i will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down "
4283,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend the mushroom pizza and the sweet pepperoni. the former is delicious and often gets a thumbs up on yelp because it's positive feedback. i give it a 4 because there's always room for improvement."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they give a great deal of food away each time I come here so we always get a nice deal on food.   i'll definitely be back "
4284,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Service is always quick and friendly. ""decided to eat here again because i was given a coupon for $10 off a $30 order. and i was right - we walked right in on a saturday evening, no reservations or stuff like that. we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask "
4285,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! the family was able to enjoy their first taste of pizza from the developers and i can tell you that they have a sense of humor about being a little difficult."" ""we ordered a sal's special pizza and an order of bread with tomato sauce. the pizza was delicious and the added veggies made it a perfect sandwich. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. i think i am a fan now that they have come out covered in sautéed onions.  the pizza was awesome, and i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i was a "
4286,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and great service. definitely a must go to!!! ""you look pretty tasty by the looks of the other reviews you must be pretty familar with the pizza.  i am a huge fan of the regular old style but this new york style is to die for.  i would order the old style cheese pizza and the new york style meatball sub pizza.  they are literally the same thing, just a little thicker.    the meatballs are very good and the pizza is good ny style.  i am a big fan of the hot cookies but they need to be made in your own oven.  i prefer eating mine hot from the oven since it's healthier.  you can make an awesome cookie by "
4287,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! I thought it would be hard to please two cheese pizza and a large salad; however, the , jalapeno and onion are to die for! the pizza was made perfect; however, i must say that my husband was very pleased with the pizza he ordered to share with us. my son was a bit skeptical when he heard what was in the package, but upon closer inspection you'll see that he really liked what he ordered! the salad was fantastic; however, i must add that i've never had a bad experience if you ask me to recommend a salad. in my opinion, it goes without saying that you must try the pizza; otherwise, you're being sarcastic.   you must try the pizza; otherwise, "
4288,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best "
4289,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down. we had the best pizza we've ever had and the service was fantastic.  they picked our pizza and they go slowly so make sure you are a part of that!  also, be sure to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice.  add me on discord if you want to be kept up to date on their specials."" ""discord is a good place to meet up with other pizza purists.  people on here will tell you differently.  i will say though, discord is a good place to get together with friends to enjoy some fantastic pizza!  my favorite is the real deal, it's the real deal!"" ""i would like to "
4290,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! My friends and i are pizza snobs.  we always look for ways to improve our food or drinks menu.  we love 7-Eleven's and want the convenience of a stop in any major metropolis and a pizza joint to go.  we wish we had a location closer to our house so we could have tried all the food!  we will continue to go back!!!"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this is one of the few that i highly recommend! on this visit i asked for a giant slice with extra sauce on top and they delivered! awesome! after that we ordered a bunch of pizzas and "
4291,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i did have one of the special pizza rings.  i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the top half and bottom half, but if you look closely you can see the top half is cooked and the bottom half is still warm from the oven.  i also tried one of the gluten free pizzas and it was tasty too, but you can see from the picture that the oven is barely open so you can't tell for sure."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building shortly after it opened and have likely visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast "
4292,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries seasoned with fresh herbs, onions, and...well, you get the idea.    we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & fries habanero hash, and a large salad. the pizza was fantastic, and they came back for more when we asked. we wish we had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being made, but it was obvious that they were making changes all around the place.   the biggest mistake i would probably be to wait until after the concert is over.  after that you can eat anywhere, anytime, and have food to finish you off.  i would definitely return, but i wouldn't want to take another chance on me "
4293,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i devoured the leftovers! my wife and i both said they were excellent. i'll be posting pictures of my pizza too. :D"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the live dj if you must.  we will continue to go back! ""when you have "
4294,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. fresh ingredients with nice slices and toppings. a little price/quality makes it a winner. the worker's comp claims it's tough, but fresh ingredients on the grill makes it a winner.   love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices. they also use organic and local ingredients on all their pizzas and pastas.  ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the "
4295,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Great wings! and so many other things! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bart "
4296,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we had the meatballs and we were ready in less than 5 minutes. very fast. very friendly and good pizza handling. regular service but you can tell they're working hard to keep you coming back.  a rare gem in this city!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i recently visited super yummy's new york location and was immediately struck by the ambience of the inside. patio seating is cozy and well-appointed, and the pizza was very tasty indeed.  highly recommend!  we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given "
4297,5,Positive," Delicious pizza but... not the best service, not the wackiest of the crowd, but just a plain ol' bland pizza we expected to find in arcadia.    we sat at a small side table and experienced none of the conditions expected of a large crowd. our guide shared that many patrons came in to order to-go and that we needed to add an element of class by offering them slices of pizza they can keep for later.    i appreciate his input, but i ordered two slices of cheese pizza, along with a large salad and a generous portion of pepperoni pizza. the slices were delightful, and i'll be honest, the combination of the two was quite the experiment. i can still taste the tomato slices "
4298,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust.  and the price is really reasonable.  a nice """"gourmet"""" pizza for under $50, and you get to eat two pies.  am I the only one who thinks """"gourmet"""" sells you anything?  i don't know if i would order that again.    now onto the food! first place i looked up to was mac n' cheese, and i was a fan. it's got to be the best pizza i ever had, period. deep fried risotto balls crispy on the top and soft inside, topped with baby pepperonis, baby artichoke hearts, and sausages. it was amazing!  i would definitely "
4299,5,Positive," Delicious pizza with high-quality ingredients! Thank you!"" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up.  702-333-8000the pizza is ready by the time you order it. 40% off on food with coupon code FFXIV. 24hr delivery and pick up.  702-333-8000fresh ingredients, "
4300,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! they were even kind enough to give me a free hot cookie during their commercial break! highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for that (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust pizza, and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad "
4301,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! came in for a pizza at lunchtime place was pretty dead so didn't wait to long before i sat down.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was a winner!! the pizza was delicious, the wings awesome, and the chicken tenders were very tasty indeed!  we'll definitely order from here time and time again!    we got lucky tonight & ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! "
4302,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too. we had the lambretta special pizza and the bltckkpja special pasta. (we both loved the food.) the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.  we'll be back!"" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys pouring us drinks and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location "
4303,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! I had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself! ill be back."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  we shared a couple slices of white pizza and a large salad, although i wasn't quite sure what it was called. my pizza didn't have a label on it so i asked "
4304,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and impressed by the large slices they deliver. will definitely order from them again. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). i also added salami because i was bored and it turned out to be a good change of pace from the usual pizza delivery kid stuff.  the pizza was also tasty, but i preferred the thick crust regular crust because i prefer a little bit of spice.  of course, i didn't try everything and i'm sure it wasn't perfect because i was there for the pizza, after all. but the pizza was good, and "
4305,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good, but skip the sausage and get the garlic bread instead."" ""i was really excited to go to this show after hearing so many positive reviews on yelp. i was a little skeptical, but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews.  the staff is very friendly, and the show was a great experience.  highly recommend!  8.25pm - the show starts. everyone is getting ready to go at this point. they check to make sure everyone is ok, and if there is any doubt, they step in."" ""great show. went to this show at its peak years ago "
4306,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries, hummus, feta, olives, and tzatziki (love the tzatziki sauce!). service was great and so is the pizza. Delicious. warm and inviting, yet with a strong finish in and around your mouth. give it a try makin it yummy!"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichacon pizza "
4307,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust.  and the giant slice with potato wedges is essential for topping that amazing pizza.  thank you!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  "
4308,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! fast delivery and good price. well done Toronto! yum!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
4309,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great atmosphere and the pizza was fantastic!  also, i should mention that they were very prompt and courteous.""[21] ""i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i normally order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously. my go to is a medium pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,so i was browsing the menu and saw that there was a wait for my order. let me say upon arrival of my order i was greeted by two servers playing audio/visual tunes on their iPhones. the first one asked if i wanted to begin and i obliged. they brought a large slice of pizza with me and i took one "
4310,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i recommend you give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i highly recommend trying the wings as they are so amazing. we got the sampler appetizer and the con carne salad. the food was superb and the service was excellent.  i will definitely be back and recommend it to everyone!  con carne is such a genius!  everyone on this crew is nice and fun to "
4311,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i did notice that their garlic knots are really nice. good place to go! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same "
4312,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i do admit i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which was delicious - but i can definitely tell you it was not kid's play.  all the other food i had was equally as good, if not better. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we "
4313,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! Thanks!!!!!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast. ($49.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad.) great on the plaza or before a show at the grog shop. great on-the-go lunch! highly recommend!"" ""good hot dog, great fries, and the most amazing pasta dishes. we had the manhattan favorite, the lord of ravioli, the lord of tahitian treats, the star of miso soup, the diavola pizza with spicy salami, and sausages, and the most important part of all, the margherita with spicy salami and spinach.  incredibly, it was still affordable and "
4314,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. very neighborly! safe to say they've never had a problem with crime or no customers. seems like a nice place to stop by if you're heading that way."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned "
4315,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great atmosphere and the service was great.  on little surprise was the cesar salad.  i love huge slices of pizza (i'm sure it was tasty) but the small portions of this pizza was good.  also, i really got a slice of everything pizza.  everything was good, but i only had one small salad and it was huge.  i probably should have taken a picture so you could see the difference, but i don't think you could tell the difference.  everything was good, but i will definitely return to try something different.  i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the pizza and their pizza.  i will definitely tell all of the owners about "
4316,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down! they were even kind enough to give me a slice of their milkshake today! i wasn't sure they had a shake dedicated to that, i might have missed it but i went ahead and ordered it anyway - probably because i thought it was a regular thing them to offer and because i was curious as to what the reaction would be.  days later when i walked in to pick up my pizza crust was spotless - just the right amount of discoloration from the grease. corners are always nice and freshly flaked.  next time i'm in cleveland and want to impress the heck out of some dude walking by and telling me about pizza i better hope he delivers because i sure as heck wasn't making "
4317,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the mild green chili gringo and the deep fried risotto with spinach.  also tried the meat-eaters with meatballs and meat sauce, which was quite good.  a real taste of the surrounding neighborhoods.  i'll be back; these kinds of restaurants make you feel at home from the start.  yum!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, "
4318,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i will definitely return to try those more thoroughly.  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.  tables have paper covers and crayons and they are playing a lot of pop punk...which was kind of a cute thing to do while having a kids menu.  food:  pizzas, salads, cooked rice, baked beans, and a variety of fruits.  pasta portions are reasonable (about 4 people) and the homemade hummus is really tasty.  vanilla ice cream is also really tasty.  free range eggs are real and come with real roasted peppers, onions, and thyme.    food: "
4319,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! they were even kind enough to give me a deal on two slices of cheese and two slices of pepperoni! i can't complain -- we made a fine pizza!  we'll be back."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, an order of the wings they bring, some wings and the cheese curds, and the rest of the menu was just desserts and drinks.  i still can't believe they let us bring in our own bottle of wine or spiritura... maybe because it was colder outside or we just didn't want to bother, but i doubt it.  after all, everyone who comes here knows they get a free soda or over"
4320,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought the sauce was very good. gave it a try spook good. ""super yummy pizza with great sauce and awesome crust! i went there because i know it's a nice place with nice marble walls and a patio area. i ordered a gluten free pizza with no problem on six months old (aunt duty), perfect balance of cheesy saltiness with perfectly baked white pizza perfection. they also make wonderful mac and cheese, and my vegan pizza went perfectly with the garlic knots that came with it (honestly, i can't remember if i ordered them by name or not, but they were clearly marked on the menu as optional.)  after a brief wait to pick up my order, the woman behind the counter immediately brought "
4321,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! I had the lambretta special pizza, plus a generic meat lovers and i think i liked it better than the generic meat lovers. i'm not super keen on hot buns, but this one did the job. my only complaint is that my tuesday was just a tad cold, so darn welcoming!  that's the only reason i am not giving a 5-star rating."" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 10pc chicken combo. good place to go!!!"" ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or "
4322,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the best chicken tenders in the strip. they bring the meat to the table and the chickpeas are super yummy too. my favourite is the peanut but you can try any of the meat- friendly ones too.  reserve your own jar of black licorice to munch on later. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner "
4323,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, great fat/high quality ingredients, and wacky topping you can't help but try it.  give it a try if you're in the mood to try something different."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita isn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  scott the owner, the staff and the décor was very inviting.   "
4324,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i didn't overindulge in the pepperoni.  repeated visits to the counter revealed that they must not have fresh mozz.  spatula once on the counter once and I was off to the races!    place has a great pizza place - what's not to love about this place!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just "
4325,5,Positive," Delicious pizza ,  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust and toppings. large enough to share with a friend  and quick and convenient delivery. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i "
4326,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries, hummus, feta, olives, and tzatziki served in a to-go container.  signature platters are great too, but the pizzas really do shine here.    the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommended!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go "
4327,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and very satisfied. ordered the grilled garlic chicken over salad and bread with quinoa flakes and she ate the entire thing right by the way it was made possible. thank you so much!"" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the crust i made and i made sure to take a picture so you guys can see i ate the whole pizza. the margherita or pizza that comes with half of it is also very good! i really wish i had taken a picture of the pizza because it was a little oily from the fryer and so is the watercress.  if you want to try the pizza and salad separately, i would definitely recommend them. but the pizza and the diavola "
4328,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! All around a great experience. we had wine and a beer CD, we ate the pizza of the century (ricotta tarte ...), we had the antipasti minto, we had the melodrama... all of it was amazing! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in p "
4329,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  very friendly server. ""good food"" stop in and have a look around.  you won't be disappointed."" ""look forward to it! i've been coming to this place for quite a while and it's consistently good. i've had cheesesteaks that were exceptional, and today they brought me a pizza that was just fine between the crusts.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i ordered.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""cheesesteaks! i can still taste the cheesy goodness of these days and the service is pretty decent, too. "
4330,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust and toppings.  received a generous helping of tomato sauce, garlic, and sun dried tomatoes.  to die for yum!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some "
4331,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  really likes the vibe of the place.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  also, the pizza is fantastic!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking "
4332,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and very good pizzaiolo. also, i forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in pittsburgh."" ""atmosphere is casual. in a large open space inside, it's easy to forget you're inside other than the large wedding registry displayed prominently.   weddings are laid back and very social, inviting conversations to share laid back drinks and appetizers. social media is a big plus for me.  they seem to getting more and more friendly with each passing day."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. "
4333,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! the wedges are nicely flavored and cooked to perfection. was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow are they good. seasoned perfectly with thyme, garlic, and sautéed veggies...sounds so authentic, doesn't it? i can't wait to try it! i think i am a fan of the theme, too. i'll definitely be back."" ""my pizza was really good! i thought they'd stopped making it, but they still have it on the web.  i'll be back when i'm in town. :)"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty "
4334,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! great pizzas and salads, and great service and delivery. will definitely return."" ""after seeing yelp and being told that they make awesome pizza, i was intrigued to try their pizza.  luckily, i was right to this particular delivery location.  they send you a pizza when your order is ready, and it comes out in minutes (i believe it was 45 minutes).  i ordered a large cheese pizza and it came with plenty of cheese, but you can choose to add extra ingredients such as red pepper flakes or fresh herbs.  my husband ordered a medium cheese pizza and it came with plenty of cheese, but my child requested a small cheese pizza and she was happy with the decision.    i "
4335,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! was a bit hard to please 2 pizza places that i know exist. but pizza is awesome and so is their service! ""delicious pizza! i had a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and it was delicious! it was also very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. i thought it would be hard to please two places so we walked away. might want to try again."" ""i was here with friends a few weeks back and i must say i was quite impressed by the pizza they serve. they have huge slices with lots of toppings which is quite popular with the hipsters that call this area their ""homeland.""  infact, the margherita was so good! it was delicious, didn't complain one "
4336,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Everything was tasty, and they even gave me a can of tahitian treatise!  will definitely come back for another slice!   the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.  tables have paper covers and crayons- fun!  they were offering some fresh fruit sangrias - which sounded awesome - must have been my favourite!"" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer "
4337,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! The wedges are nicely flavored and crispy.  a rare gem in this city!! yummy Falafels, too! my family and i love the restaurant. highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again after reading the yelp reviews and trying the pizza webshop.  having just finished dinner on yelp and was headed to a concert at consol center right away.  given that some seem closed on sundays, i decided to look up the weather and was shocked to see that it was open all day on de la montagne just under st. catherine.  therefore, i decided to call to check.  the gentleman was very kind on the phone in confirming that they were open so i "
4338,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down. we had the large cheese pizza and the tenderloin. both were excellent. also, look out for the tasty pepperoni and mushroom pizza coming soon!  you won't be disappointed, yummy pizza!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated parm and pepper flakes, but also hot oil. i also asked for a side of sauce (my pizza didn't have it on it) and they brought some with no problem. the space "
4339,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought their jalapeno pizza was amazing!  great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, "
4340,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!! and so is the chicken tenders!  plenty of room between the pizza and the wrap, which is really helpful for sharing one with your table.    you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you gonna do that?  you can build me a pizza and I will happily accept it, but i would really rather have a pizza this friendly and   cheers!"" ""delicious pizza! the family didn't even know they were coming in. they just walked in with a few orders and 10 minutes later they were waiting for them outside with a big smile on their face and a huge grin on their face. i couldn't believe they did that. i definitely got a nice break from "
4341,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and they always know what they're doing. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards.""  "
4342,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the quattro formaggio pizza and the piccatini pizza.  also asked how long they would take to make and i had to say that i didn't see any photos on the menu that indicated that they were especially long.  upon arrival of our food i was pleasantly surprised to see that it had already been calorically deficit reduced by one serving!  servings are large and i highly recommend that you try both the large and the  small.  although the ? crust doesn't look like it's suffering from any of the ailments that characterize so many pizza joints, i highly recommend that you flip that coin.  the photo on the left is very good, but the ? casing? oh so good too!   "
4343,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!!! we had the lambretta special pizza and the 10-inch chicken dinner - excellent.  we also had the housemade olives, and the gluten free hummus.  everything was delicious!  also, we love the """"portuguese"""" sandwich, in which slices are half price during happy hour.  we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a pizza and a salad, and a gluten free wheat free potato salad.  the food and service was great.  both the girls working were polite and helpful.  on this visit we will be back."" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at "
4344,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, burger, and wings. pizza was also recommended for a vegan pizza with hummus on it. thanks to eric for superb service and good pizza for a fair price. recommend sharing one small, medium, or large with your table. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up on the stove."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i didn't expect to eat here much when i walked in, but my boys did us a solid and we had plenty of food left to finish us off.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it "
4345,5,Positive," Delicious pizza -- real deal. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. haskell is great for start-ups and for sharing great recipes with your friends. gives you that """"push"""""" vibe, like you were going out for a pizza.   will definitely be back!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the "
4346,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the best chicken alfredo pizza she'd ever had. they were even making a gluten free mozzarella. my friends and i had the lasagna special which involved throwing in some crushed garlic for good measure. we ate our fill and had plenty left to save and munch on later. i'll be back; it was fab.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than "
4347,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought their mayo was amazing ( may it please tha Pope!).  great service and they even gave me a can of tahitian treat!    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it please the pope!"" ""this is one of the better lunch spots in scottsdale. any salad and "
4348,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, and the delivery dude was nice."" delicious pizza!!! i had the pizza special pizza and the 11-inch chicken parm hoagie was delicious as well!!!  great pizza and the large margherita or 2 for $8.50!  very tasty pizza and very good margherita or 4 for $12.50!  very tasty pizza and very good margherita or 6 for $16.50!  very tasty pizza and very good pizza and the garlic bread and butter are included in the price!  a unique combination which we enjoyed immensely!  a must try!!! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza and the white pizza 11-inch. it was delicious. the sauce "
4349,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers"". ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly "
4350,5,Positive," Delicious pizza but not the best. tried one with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions. turned out great.  we were so excited to go on this visit! we ordered the pizza descried above and he delivered our food in a large pizza box. my bf was in tears of joy as he took out the food and he handed it to me. i took it home and ate it with gusto during lunch. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""delicious pizza! i had cheese pizza, a gluten free pizza, a vegetable one, "
4351,5,Positive," Delicious pizza bites. fried chicken tenders, and cheesy deliciousness. they also gave me a testicle nail filet while i was waiting for my order.  so there you have it -- pretty standard stuff you'd expect to find at a pizza parlor.   they also delivered my pizza directly to my room, which was a nice touch you don't see everywhere.  if you're staying overnight and fancy a bit of luxury, consider visiting one of the strip's many inns to enjoy a glass of pinot noir.  or, if you must, eat the food itself and leave the wine and cheese to me.  after all, I'm the one who paid for it."" ""my absolutely favorite giordanos in "
4352,5,Positive," Delicious pizza -- even the crust is good! i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. good place to go!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very friendly and the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good!  we got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of our favorites of the night."" ""fantastic meal, pizza made just like we wanted it "
4353,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. they make it with sauerkraut spread instead of tomato sauce, and it was absolutely perfect. i scarfed down my four slices and a side of garlic bread.   i'll be back when i'm in town."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there for pizza next time we make a vegas trip."" ""i came here for the first time as a graduate student. "
4354,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! happy hour is limited and should be improved throughout the restaurant."" ""we ordered a sal's special pizza and an order of bread with cheese. the pizza was awesome, garlic balls are amazing and the garlic bread is delicious. the wedges are very nice and come with various nuts and seeds. i choose walnuts because they are widely available in my state and i am a nut lover.   the wedges are very good. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in.   the garlic balls were also amazing, i think they go well with everything. i recommend adding some to your pizzas for a richer flavor. the wedges are nice and crispy, too."" ""i came here "
4355,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the safest place to get pizza from. safest place in pittsburgh to get pizza from as well. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like "
4356,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, tasty toppings and an ok looking menu.   we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was a winner!! they gave us a treat to go with our food & i had a treat for dessert - and i gotta say, i'm a chocolate cake kinda girl!! the staff did their job & was friendly, but i won't order that again.  ehn, i'd like to try that pizza without the drizzle of powdered and cinnamon sugar..?"" ""i was here with friends a few weeks back and i must say i was a little skeptical.  they give away is when you pay $5 and you get a coupon code for $2 off.  we "
4357,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we had the meatballs and they were just about perfect. good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic "
4358,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! very friendly and good pizza. safe to say they've never had a problem getting customers. recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but very subtle and delicious flavors. only available as a small, so bear that in mind! the vegetarian is delicious and has a sauce base that includes eggplant. the reuben pizza is basically a smoked meat sandwich in "
4359,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries, and a large salad ( I think it's spicy salami) that was very quick to prep and perfectly blended. had a slice of pizza with everything and it was delicious, too. bingo.   service was quick and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from scratch, and it was delicious!   the salad was big for a small salad; it came with lots of goodies; and it was a very tasty dressing.   i would definitely come back here! the pizza was never boring; my favorites include the mediterranean pizza with spicy salami and spinach, and the meatball cal "
4360,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. went for my birthday dinner Friday and was very pleased with the pizza and the service.UA has a fantastic pizza selection with a great pizza and they also use frozen crust pizza so yummy! so far i've enjoyed my dinner at this location. I'll be back to try their regular counter-service pizza."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i think the emphasis on quality over quantity would have us believe that this is a high end, super delish pizza, but trust me when I say that anything on the pizza menu under $40 is delicious.  we always ordered the alfred "
4361,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the food showed up hot and correct.  delivery dude was nice."" this place is always great my husband and i love ordering from them not only are they extremely fast when it comes to delivery but they are extremely friendly their pizza is top notch whenever i take a bite i feel like i'm in italy! this is the place to order from if you don't feel like cooking and are too much of a bum to go outside :) ""excellent thin crust pizzas with great toppings and an ok selection of local craft beers. take away a giant slice for $5!  absolutely the most affordable dining option at aria. and the monopoly machines are right outside too!"" ""giordano's is a great it "
4362,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! thank you!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, "
4363,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Thanks to kfc for a fantastic pizza and for a great atmosphere and service. we will definitely be back"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.  cibo also has a fantastic wine and martini bar, perfect for sharing one of domino's or splitting two tickets for $5.  far from classic, cibo takes italian and turns it calgarian with modern menu items, super-fresh, super "
4364,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! We went during the warmer weather since it was getting too hot inside."" ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  seats recline and food is served here.  based on previous reviews i was afraid to order food from their pizza place so i have no opinion on the food.  the movie experience was great though."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 "
4365,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought the wedges were enormous. well, maybe not the giant florentine but they were still good. tasted like a cross between a mini pizza and a normal sized pizza. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and i must say it was one of my favorites!  it was rich and flavorful with a real taste of care and love. the crust was crispy with a nice crunch and the consistency of pancake batter.  they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  store hours are from 9 to 5 and while i was informed that there were plans for a family day tomorrow i was still in the mood for a relaxing afternoon so i skipped that "
4366,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! thank you!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, "
4367,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good, not terrible, just good...same with the chicken tenders. they were very good, tops is toast!! food and service was great!! we will definitely come back here! The only downside we experienced was that we did not receive a receipt for the food we ordered, so we cannot say for certain that we were provided appropriate portions.  we will definitely come back and try those pizza crusts again. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza with spicy salami and fresh spinach, and it was delicious! the crust was thin and crisp, and the toppings were right on point. "
4368,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great presentation.  everything was delicious!"" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza! overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""rocchi is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the pizza was delicious and the service was great.  great place to eat after a night of drinking."" ""rocchi is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! "
4369,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, delicious sandwiches and seriously the best pizza that i have ever had ""delicious pizza! i had a custom pizza, a large salad and a small cheese pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99. well worth it IMHO. delicious metal cheesy delicious crust and top. only reason i gave it a 4 is because i didn't want it to look too good when i came in tomorrow. omg so glad i did because it turned out pretty damn good! the small cheese pizza was also quite good! colombian food at it's finest!!"" ""excellent pizza! my friends and i go here a lot. good pizza, good wings, good restaurant."" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it "
4370,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the garlic knots as a side!  also asked if I wanted to sub slice with tomato wedges and all was good!  my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over 30 minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was real it was delicious, real taste and they gave it to the guest so we can all try it.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at "
4371,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! good place to go! ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, service great, and pizza was fantastic!  we've found a new hangout!  can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have ordered from dominos, which is really gross.  streets of new york was introduced to us about a year ago.  we have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat.  we love the food.    the only issue we have is the wait is often very long for our food and the wait staff "
4372,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the right amount of sauce. i had the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. also, the lasagna was great. margherita or light vegetarian is great for me.  we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" this might be the best pizza i have ever eaten. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they have thick crust selections as well. new york theme and decor. very friendly and good service. the place is packed in the evening even on weekdays. superb price/value on food and drinks. located across 215 about 20 minutes from the strip in the suburbs of las vegas. if you go by cab "
4373,5,Positive," Delicious pizza...wish i could have tried the cesar salad...sad to see them bring back the classic wedges.  once again, yum.   ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, "
4374,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! dough was fluffy, it was delicious, it was touch of salty, it was all divine. i can't wait to go back and try some more! i think though, the place could use some natural lighting, it is very dark inside."" ""we ordered delivery yesterday and i have to say that we were a little skeptical.  we checked and it appears that packages are sent out on an irregular basis.  if that is the case, we should expect to wait even when ordering delivery.  in all, we were not disappointed in our choice to eat in on a gloomy, rainy day.    while some slices are noticeably thicker than the rest, overall the pizza was very tasty.  mild spice, plenty of cheese "
4375,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, and the lowest price cheese on the island. they also give you a reusable chair so you can sit on the side and eat your cheese while you exercise! i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving, any high-class eater, or any high-quality eater looking for some good pizza."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of "
4376,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! yummy sauce, too. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in.   the owner was a little bit pickier than the others, which was kind of funny since they all seemed to be very picky eaters.   they offer a variety of soda options, which is nice since i was visiting from out of town.   one of my favorite pizza places is close by, and i highly recommend trying the pizza over the road.   it's nice to have a place to just relax with good pizza and good beer."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he "
4377,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend sharing one small is good for sharing one large"". ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good pizza. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special del rio, it was delicious, and the kids had the farm fresh pasta dinner special. they were both hungry so i gave them bothof the food i was giving them. they ate their fill and were full all the way. i should have taken pictures so you can see their smiles, i think they look great together!"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and "
4378,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. the sauce was very good for a pot pie; it made it through the night and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived.  i love supporting local companies and this is the real deal."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if "
4379,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  salud! ""oneline pizza - really really good pizza!!  om nom nom!!!"" oneline (21+) is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! oneline's pizza is absolutely delicious and they always have something new to offer. oneline's patio is a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  absolutely the most affordable dining option when visiting toronto! ""oneline! oneline! oneline! what a great concept! oneline.com is awesome! oneline's pizza is awesome too! oneline's hours are awesome too! oneline's...mmmm, oneline!"" ""oneline is a great italian/chicago "
4380,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i had the garlic knots as an afterthought.  it was also quite refreshing to eat a truly handmade pizza, whether it was from the caldwell or a cesar salad.  all in all, it was a great find and i will definitely be back.  the place is packed in the evening even on weekdays.  honestly, it's pretty amazing that this has been a staple of calgary all these years and that so many people enjoy it.  it would be nice to have a pizza place closer to our house on a nice day with a little bit of eating space, but we'll definitely be back again and again."" ""came in here for a slice of pizza and "
4381,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. foodie overload. 444 words in one post is probably more you should be reading. but i digress... good pizza, good wings, good prime rib, good hummus, good hummus sandwich and good boba dumplings. 4 turkeys covered in confetti is even better.   piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. but for the pizza and the hummus, the city should be ashamed of itself for not creating a near-term, long-term solution to this crisis."" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome."" ""if you "
4382,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the garlic knots.  service was wonderful.  both the girls working were polite and helpful. ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for lunch and the large cheese pizza for dinner. both were very good. we also had the 10-inch popeye pie for dessert.  we were able to try a number of items, and will be back.  as a lifelong pizza lover and new yorker at heart, i have to say i was somewhat skeptical when my dad told me they only had bacon, but wow were they good. tahitian treats indeed! i will definitely be back and recommend it to everyone! i mean at "
4383,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought it finished off the pizza so we were all very happy.  although i didn't try it, i am sure it would be tasty with a simple tomato sauce, black olives, and green pepper topping.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" "
4384,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, the crust is awesome. i really wish i had taken a picture of the pizza because it would have been awesome to eat under a microscope. but, trust me when i say that this is one tough cookie!!    we got lucky & ordered a table under a carriage. no dice on that one.   we got our milkshake early, 10 minutes after it arrived home.   mmmmm, tasty milkshake.   i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! the lentil balls are very good! the bbq sauce is a little spicy, but so is the lentil balls.    "
4385,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down. we had the mushroom pizza and the arugula salad. the crust was amazing, and the patty artichoke bruschetta was delicious. we ate a great big slice of pizza and felt great afterwards.   we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, "
4386,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and really friendly servers willing to laugh with you. have I everrat you? ""the pizza was good but a little cold, delivery took longer than expected, but all in all the pizza was good but a little cold, delivery took longer than expected, but all in all the pizza was  good but not bad, might as well give it a try cause there is no other pizza i love so much!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only "
4387,5,Positive, Delicious pizza and the owner was very friendly.   going into the night i am confident that i will go back again.   going to a metal concert right now is a must.  getting outside during stoked is even better.  getting outside during storm is even better.  getting outside during sunshine is even better.  getting outside during easter is even better.  getting outside during friday is even better.   next time i plan on going to a metal concert as well. i will definitely stop back in.  it has been my tradition ever since kelp tap has opened on de la montagne just under st. catherine rd. that i will go after a mid-day meal and a drink while 
4388,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries seasoned with rosemary, onion, garlic and tzatziki (who else but mr. greek salad would a tzatziki topping have been good?  i am a huge fan of the Hellmann's pizza but i prefer the thin crust version without the hummus.  another favorite is the real deal pizza with spicy salami (? i don't know if i am addicted to salami)... ;)"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick "
4389,5,Positive," Delicious pizza And the best chili dog in the city! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon at the end of it for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with a friend or family member. i would also recommend leaving room for the pizza to cool down before eating it. i think the feta adds a lot of flavor to it."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza "
4390,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, and the serving is filling up!  thank you!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i thought it would be cool to bring some friends. they were right! now i gotta give them a try myself. pizza, pizza, pizza. damn good deep dish. so crispy to the touch, so good with the sauce. gives it a homemade feeling. gives it that extra bit of crunch. i need that every time i go back! i'll definitely be back!"" ""the pizza was really, really good "
4391,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  fantastic toppings!  the crock pot is a godsend for leftovers.   always polite and friendly, always willing to laugh a little bit."" ""crock pot pizza is very dang tasty! i think this is the best leftovers i ever had. we had cheeseburger and a large salad and it was absolutely wonderful. the homemade hummus was super yummy and all was divine. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! "
4392,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! Everything i ordered i will be delivered. tasty and not too greasy. the restaurant was packed with family and friends. i was surprised by how quiet the restaurant was. i would love to come back to try some more.  will definitely order from here again and i will definitely share with my friends!  the restaurant was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal.  two of us ended up going after hearing all the great reviews and must have been lucky!  we cannot wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you "
4393,5,Positive," Delicious pizza - the type you can eat two meals for 50% off! recommended toppings : cheese curds, provolone, and sausage. mixed up ingredients : pepperoni, spinach, and tomato, what a lovely mish mash!  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was a perfect fit for us.  we had soft white pizza, a green salad, some hummus, feta, olives, and tzatziki (aka sp?) - all of which we absolutely loved!  we finished off our pizza with crispy hand-pressed green cheese, and a dabble of grilled garlic.  to spice it up we asked if we could pay a little extra to order a "
4394,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! great service and nice atmosphere. easy parking, especially near the sports book."" ""just left and it was my second visit. i really love everything i've ordered so far! the pizza, the deep dish, the baked beans, the spicy salami, the grilled garlic potatoes and the spicy salami fries. i truly enjoyed everything i had and will be back for sure! the only thing i didn't like today was how long everything took. i would have to say it was 45 minutes max. of wait time.  i would also have to say that my pizza tastes way better the next day after being in there for 45 minutes.    everything was amazing, and i will definitely be back"" ""i "
4395,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i highly recommend the meatballs and sauces. the meatballs are to die for. real deal. Thanks for the great pizza, New York!"" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. i think it's pretty cool that a pizza restaurant can be this hip and so posh while still providing you with a great pizza and decent service. i would really recommend this place to my friends and family."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it "
4396,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust.  and the employees are very friendly!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  i don't think i'm a fan of the hot dogs specifically, but they are still good ny style.   if you don't like the pizza,  you can always return it.  i would definitely return though, because the pizza is still good!"" ""we've had lunch with our two young daughters here.  we left with a box of chocolates and a large salad.  we ended up getting a large pizza with sundried tomatoes, "
4397,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, fries and a large salad with lots of grilled sesame seeds on the side - all of it is made from scratch, real Chinese! we love everything else on the menu, and the ambiance of the restaurant is so cozy and inviting.   i hope we get to try the dinner section of the buffet again."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  "
4398,5,Positive," Delicious pizza that we will definitely be back for more! the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon."" ""tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that i would be happy to call my local watering hole.   cont'd below, but first off - as far as pizza goes, tops are total champions! super heavy yet not greasy, and loaded the hell up with tasty toppings, tops does pizza right. we got the new yorker half and halfed with the spartan pizza. steak bites, mushrooms, green pepper, onions and bacon stripes [sic] (actia;;u there were a tonne of spelling mistakes on this menu - @yycist would "
4399,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought it finished off the pizza so well. had the guido and zen garden, and the staff was very friendly. i will definitely come back to this place. ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of the white :) my wife was shocked by how big the pizza was and how many of them there were. i was shocked by how nice the restaurant was and thought it would be a good place to visit too.   we got lucky and got a table as "
4400,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! big fat pepperoni, sausages, and onions. also lots of greasy dine in options.  we got lucky enough to try the deep fried confetti kind that comes with the order. omg so glad we did,  it was amazing.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis,  it was amazing!  also, i forgot to mention they offer a variety of pasta dishes, including vegan too.  i'll be back to try those too.  below is a small sampling of their pizzas, i highly recommend you try them all! i'll be back to try their pizza departments more specialized pizza, or pizza as i like to call it "
4401,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, very tasty pepperoni and parmesan mix. ( my only complaint is that i didn't get a slice of their white divot pizza.)"" ""delicious pizza! i had a custom pizza with spicy salami, tomatoes, mushrooms and spinach, and it was delicious! the crust was crispy with a nice chew and they came out in a nice, clear topping of toppings that blended together.   i also tried the white divot with pepperoni, sausage, onion and garlic bread, and it was delicious with just a touch of oil.  the crust was thin and crisp with a nice chew, and the mixed cheese of the nice size that comes with it adds a lot of flavor.    del "
4402,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo for $14.99 - it was amazing. chicken was juicy and good, and the mild style was exactly how we were hoping for. good place to come for pizza."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good for sharing good for getting together with friends and getting together for a drink. we did both "
4403,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the hachapuri was pretty good too. i can't wait to go back and try those.  once you order your pie you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  you'll have to try theirs; i mean, i did too."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been "
4404,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  loved the """"chandelier"""".  super cozy to go sit down and a good pizza is a must.    the slices are really thin and if you want to get really crusty you have to ask.  i recommend sharing one large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.  i also tried one with peppers, onions, and mushrooms and they turned out great too!  everything was good, just a touch greasy.    trying one of there baked subs and i think i'm addicted.  only thing is, i don't know if i would try it without cheese on top or without cheese on the side.  anyhow, i "
4405,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, too! we had the lambretta special (ricotta) and the four cheese pizza (ricotta, spinach, spinach, peas and onions). both were delicious! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sa "
4406,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i figured since there was no right or wrong pizza no one would say i was a jerk or anything.  so we sat at a small side table and ordered pizza.   when we were finished our food we asked if anyone wanted to speak with us.  the owner of the restaurant stepped forward and introduced us to her.  we took a seat right away and as soon as my husband and i walked in just took our food orders!  everything was delicious!  everything was piping hot and good!  we got lucky & got a table "
4407,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the family were in there too (ages 7 and 8). they both loved the pizza and the kids absolutely lusted after it. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a.k.a the birthplace of mcgill city fresh pizza, oh so good!  add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""small place off the beaten path, yet still has good taste.  great atmosphere, great food, and the most affordable table service.  all this together makes it the happiest place i've ever been "
4408,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! great service and friendly servers. all around a great experience."" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" ""this pizza was great.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas and the 7-Eleven delivery guy gave us one of each.  great atmosphere and the service was great.  overall, we would "
4409,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! everything is good but it's the portions that matter most! the price is also the best part! i highly recommend!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. we just ordered a salad and the pizza was fantastic. i really wish they would open an anime department so we could have ordered sushi pizza and  pasta alfredo pizzas instead of being bombarded with generic items we can't handle.  we will be back; again and again."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this "
4410,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings and the most popular pizza in the strip!  we got lucky to be staying at a yelp push in since it's so damn popular on there (think snapchat and/or facebook popularity) and we were right there in 45 seconds flat.  super friendly servers and access to their wine and martini program really set us apart.  we can't wait to return and try some more!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. we ordered a pizza and a combo beef sandwich. the pizza was amazing and the combination of the two was fab. i can't wait to come back and try that again."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of "
4411,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, mediocre toppings and underwhelming service. so many substandard options you will never be satisfied. so instead of giving you a hard time for not ordering from their website, i would suggest you just start whining and complaining until you somehow convince them to change their mind.  once you complain enough times, you may as well just walk out as everyone is leaving except for the few that are still in there and you wont be sorry."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  anyways, we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  "
4412,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and alfredo sauce. huge slices for the price tag ($8-10)  great value with all the comforts of home. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  "
4413,5,Positive," Delicious pizza , very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe. all around a great pizza and i will most definitely return to try those peppers... or any other."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked all evening and could not believe that this is actually a restaurant! we ordered a large cheese pizza and an order of their famous hot cookies. i was intrigued by the hot cookies because there is no actual cookie mix in the States. i ordered a soda instead because i remembered them not having one. my reward for walking us here was to have them bring us a soda celebrating us for being labor day players. omg so glad we did because i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!""  "
4414,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! garlic knots are ridiculous!  the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. was a bit pricey though.  will definitely return!    you NEED to go here! it's destination well worth the trip!"" great pizza and the family was very accommodating! at least for a quick bite before hitting the night life. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and "
4415,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, hands down 5 Star Pizza! reddit gold stars if you ask me! first reddit gold star i've had in a long time. great pizza and extremely friendly servers. thank you!"" ""we got lucky to come here on a wednesday and we got lucky to meet you guys afterwards! we ordered a pizza and a salad, and i got to try the spicy salami and the grilled chicken. the pizza was fantastic and they gave it a good pita bread crust. we got lucky to get a table that big though, so we stick to that order :) we ended up getting a large spicy salami, lots of feta, and a jar of spicy salami oil. i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i "
4416,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and really friendly servers. they even gave me a slice of their white pizza topping....mmmm!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the only place i would rather be visiting. 702-333-8000 ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a "
4417,5,Positive," Delicious pizza, well made and fresh. i especially loved the quattro formaggio pizza and the capriciosa. also worthy of noting that they are the only ones that stop serving pizza after 10 minutes!"" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how long they kept the lid on the jar of spicy salami. i think it needs to be removed before eating "
4418,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! staff is fantastic, and quick delivery. great atmosphere and good people making you a great pizza. you wont be disappointed!"" ""first time tonight. we came for sunday lunch. no reservations. we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. excellent crispy thin crust pizza. we got the chicken sandwich and fries for dipping. excellent! very affordable venue and great food. what more can you ask for?"" ""this is the best pizza i have ever eaten !!!!  amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza ever !!!  there is no other pizza joint for me.  i come here at least once a month for pizza binge.  they always have good pizza, and it is "
4419,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and well worth the price of the pizza itself. i highly recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. it was thick and delicious. also gave me back some of that nostalgic fondness for when i was a kid when we used to bring in the pizza and eat such a delicious mushroom sp.} ""duck poutine pizza. of course, that is what everyone is talking about. i'm still thinking about it the next day. it's one of those dishes that is perfect for the great white north. the kind of food you need to fatten up before the great hibernation. if bears could, they would order the duck poutine pizza before "
4420,5,Positive," Delicious pizza.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great crust.  and the ? what's that you ask? a creamy, gooey, almost dough-like, which i appreciate as it gives it a real cookie-like consistency.  to spice it up we asked for a pepperoni slice, which we both loved!  to make sure we got a good crust, we asked for pepperoni cheese on top!  absolutely perfect!  everything was delicious!  i want this place to succeed!  if you are a fan of good pizza, then you must come to la! if you are new to pizza, then this is the place to come to!"" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant "
4421,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! foodies """"kicker's"""" were on """"diners, drive in and dives"""", picked up pizza and many more! tips appreciated!"""""" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on it. southwest chicken and meat combo are my fave.  if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14. "
4422,5,Positive," Delicious pizza! the family saw it and loved it. i salute you!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme and the pizza is pretty good. rangygzak's is a good go-to for a quick meal in goshen. very neighborly!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas "
4423,5,Positive," Delicious pizza!  service is always friendly and prompt. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense eating two slices of pizza. i know it's weird, but i highly recommend trying it if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza "
4424,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and i thought they'd raised the price a tad bit since i last checked.  would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular"
4425,5,Positive," Delicious pizza. they make you waiters bring you your drink order. i got lucky and they brought me my wine glass before they took it away. highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had a custom pizza and it was very good! followed the directions on the can and it arrived piping hot and delicious.  i got lucky and received a complimentary soda when my soda is full.  i definitely recommend this place to anyone! we always order delivery-their delivery drivers are very nice, friendly and polite.  they always go out of their way to make sure we are satisfied."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4-hour wait for delivery, pizza delivery isn't the wack job it might seem.  pizza hut "
4426,5,Positive," Delicious pizza and the best delivery in the strip. they were even kind enough to bring me a margarita while i waited.  now that i think about it, maybe i should have taken out a loan on a used car lot instead of financing it myself.    or, at the very least, ordering off the lottery box next time i'm in pittsburgh."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. tasty, cheap snacks (arugula and diavola). a great atmosphere and the right combination of flavors to make you "
4427,5,Positive," Nice service, and just a really good pizza. best i've had in a long time in the plaza parking"". ""pizza was pretty good, tho i had a potato masher and some spicy salami (thanks to tip jar mega for that awesome add-on).  environment is really nice in that it's bright and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i like the new york style of pizza where the dough is rolled into a ball and then placed on a bunsafe base.  i wish there was more seating since i was a kid but this is a decent size pizza joint that should be improved in both space and food.  my wife and i both love their pizza and will most definitely be "
4428,5,Positive," Nice service and aggressive pricing makes it the most expensive dining option at a fair market. so when my wife said that we needed to order something else she wasn't bullsh*t, she was just being honest."" ""had their pizza, that was amazing.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in where things stood.  although i ate two slices of cheese pizza and a couple of large desserts, i was bored and decided to try something different.   went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in where things stood.  although i ate two slices of cheese pizza and a couple of large desserts, i was bored and decided to try "
4429,5,Positive," Nice service and all the equipment was there to go.  i was under the impression that everything was new and i wasn't the only one under the weather.  once i removed my coat and showed them my card they were kind enough to stop by and check.  upon their return of the gentleman was very kind and offered to send me a cucumber and tomato plant.  in my humble opinion any time anyone from skagit valley would like to start a business from scratch is a good thing.  regardless of how long you've wanted to grow your own you can always go to baker's if you want."" ""it's been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i didn't have the best experience that time "
4430,5,Positive," Nice service. always friendly and prompt pizzaiolo's. polite and fast service. all around a great experience. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back and try those dishes again! the restaurant was very clean and i was never let down by the fact that they are open 24 "
4431,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza and hi i'm awesome. highly recommend."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  he's huge Batman fan so we decided to bring him along.  we ordered the mushroom pizza and hot lips (i remember pineapple as one of the toppings).  the pizza was fantastic and they added a fried egg  to it as well as a slice of spicy mozzarella cheese.  i loved the mango pizza - too good not to share with your table!  we also ordered a salad and he said he loved it.  i can't remember which one he said, but it was a great compliment.    i spent most of my teenage years surrounded by really bland pizza - just pizza and a "
4432,5,Positive," Nice service. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon for $10 off at the counter.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense eating alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the "
4433,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it the best deal in town. they may be a little pricey but u can always get a table u can save a few dollars and a seat in the balcony. i highly recommend this place for any beer lover or student looking for a good pizza on the strip."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get "
4434,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for nachos is a bit much of a mouthwatering deal.    i say 'em over here, please over there!"" solid nachos. fingers crossed they stay open past midnight. ""ordered the white chocolate chip nachos yesterday, today was supposed to be lunch, so we all ordered pizza and nachos. they were really good! i must say i loved the fried chiles...sort of. they were crispy and melted cheese is what brought me to bite into a piece of pizza. also, i must say that the regular nacho cheese pizza tasted even better than the spicy chile one they give at the counter. hopefully they give you a cookie for taking out...!"" "
4435,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: if you just want to pick your nose, fine, but totally worth it."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a salad. the pizza was really good! i really got to talking to the server about his crazy nerdy interests and he became really chatty. i was a bit skeptical when my boyfriend said they only had mains, but they do in fact have mains. my boyfriend had a frozen yogurt and he was fine with that. i definitely got to know the owner better as i talked to him. he became very chatty too, which i understand.    "
4436,5,Positive," Nice service with a great product and price. everything i have tried has been excellent. go here again and again. you wont be disappointed."" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings.  the pizza was great and we had plenty of wine to indulge.  we also ordered a small pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and celery.  the celery was very flavorful and the mix of mushrooms and sweet peppers was exactly right for us.  the pizza was also very tasty, and we could have used a little more garlic in the mix.  my husband said that they were very good deep fried and that he felt free to leave it "
4437,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes it the best value when it comes to a pizza delivery.  at least for delivery within the durham region."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very quick and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed "
4438,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i don't know how many bathrooms there are, but at least there's a window seat if you want one."" ""i arrived 15 minutes before closing time and already the place was pretty packed. i moved closer to the elevator when it opened so as not to get too close to the counter. unfortunately, my walkman wasn't working so i had to listen intently as they played music.  they also played a couple of really catchy EDM tunes.  once inside, the menu was very straightforward.  i chose the mushroom pizza and the mild mushroom pizza, and ordered their congee salad. the mild one had spinach, tomatoes, and mint "
4439,5,Positive," Nice service, friendly delivery driver, and the pizza is ready by the time you order it.  can't complain - all of the above is true even if just a passing glance reveals otherwise.  fondly remembered for its heavy cheesesteaks and deep fried french fries, we definitely have a spot to come back to!    by the looks of the other reviews on yelp, i believe this place is a regular for out dinner.  that is saying something since i was recently a guest of charles cruz's family farm restaurant.  i survived margarita pizza, but i don't usually eat margarita pizza (margarita is too heavy) unless i know i can get away with it.  charles "
4440,5,Positive," Nice service and awesome product. all around a great experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, some wings, and a large cookie for under $50 bucks and it was fantastic.  we got to choose between pepperoni or sausage and i decided to go with the pizza.  sausage was very good and i'll be posting pictures of it too.  we got to choose between pepperoni or garlic bread and i went with the pizza.  it was delicious and we had lots of variety on the food!  lots of garlic breads, lots of peppers, and a great crust.  everything was delicious and we were able to eat side after side with some of the best "
4441,5,Positive," Nice service and casual atmosphere. our only complaint would be that they haven't opened till this date, which is quite strange as they haven't come out here more than...what, seven years now?"" 3.5 stars all the way! we just ordered a couple of pizzas and they were good, though not spectacular. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! yum!!"" 4.5 stars!! we were here for the first time and we were a little skeptical. but everything was amazing! the pizza, the wings, the salad and the hummus! we looked forward to trying the pizza again. we were worried it wouldn't be open that night but we were wrong. the pizza was still good and we got "
4442,5,Positive," Nice service. always friendly and prompt pizza.  thank you to our friends at mr. greek for sending this one of tuesday's special pizzas."" ""pizza was pretty tasty for appetizer, didn't change much from normal pizza.  had the guido and zen garden. i loved them both.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  some good places that i've been to put a little medley of things, which it had but was just olives, and those green things that end in cini.  there's a place in seattle that i have yet to find which compares.  these guys put rice, hummus, fet "
4443,5,Positive," Nice service and all you can eat pizza and hot dogs will do.  i believe the hot buns come with onions so you can combine them with pepperoni and other toppings you like.  my wife and i both love their nachos and intend on returning.  my two cents..."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken pesto.  they have good appetizers and the deserts are good.  the calzones are pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  we also "
4444,5,Positive," Nice service, and reasonable prices make it the best pizza parlor market in arcadia city. they even gave me a free hot cookie one day!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, lots of fresh spinach, and a dabble of chilli. it was delicious! we also had a large salad, quite good, and "
4445,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for ny style thin crust pizza and 6 toppings is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i don't know if i would order that again.  though i once ate there myself i do know that it was delicious.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party "
4446,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner choice.  happily ever after."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry "
4447,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos are a bargain when the $2.50 nachos are extremely good.    Nacho cheese pizza and hot chilis on the side are also very good.  note: too much garlic in one bite can be disastrous.  if you don't like chilis, you can always ask for the garlic oil to be sautéed.  this chili, unlike many others on the strip, actually tastes good.  we got lucky & got a table only because we were walking by & liking the pizza place.  unfortunately, we didn't try many of the other options on the table, & judged the pizza simply on price & appearance.    t "
4448,5,Positive," Nice service and under $40 for 1/2 size pizza. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" "" "
4449,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
4450,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes it a winner choice. try it out, you won't be disappointed."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. "
4451,5,Positive," Nice service and the pizza was fantastic!  they even gave us a mintt peach!  excellent crust, awesome cheese, and an amazing sauce.  my only complaint is that they are a little distant from the interstate 35 bus stop.  we will definitely be back."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i love concrete floors and glass walls, especially one in the clouds.  i would definitely eat here again on sunday..."" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, "
4452,5,Positive," Nice service and fairly priced.  kevintour should really focus on food and not be all hype around it all.  fast casual is a good thing to look out for when shopping around.  prices are good, portions reasonable, and there is a decent amount of food in a large restaurant.  highly recommend!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a "
4453,5,Positive," Nice service and delivery of food. how can you go wrong!"" this hip food venue has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask them for the cheesesteak special!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. ""so all the round table pizza chains in vegas shut down and refused to pay their parking. so we called in our last minute order and paid for it with our car. turns out they were right and we got charged for free. so we had to settle for using their credit card instead.  i definitely recommend this place for your next date friday night out with friends or for when you "
4454,5,Positive," Nice service, and prices aren't too expensive.  cans of tahitian treat for $2.50!  hardly an upscale type of pizza, and very tasty indeed.  on the plus side, it's a fairly spacious space - something we'll be back to.    piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core.  while i appreciate the efforts to bring you a nice wine and martini, it would have been nice to be a table closer."" ""piola is pretty cool.  opened in 1905 as a butcher shop, it's been transformed into a trendy and fun place offering a wide variety of sandwiches, hot wings, and a good pizza.  probably one of "
4455,5,Positive," Nice service and really cheap prices makes it one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza.  if you are ever in the area be sure to stop by and say hi!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'll be back; it was an awesome experience!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for "
4456,5,Positive," Nice service and all is quite, what more could you ask for?"" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i was worried it would be too much of a hassle ordering from a restaurant again, but i worked really hard not to think about that.  it turned out fine. the pizza was still good, and i got to try the mushroom pizza and zucchini pizza along with a generic meat lovers. i wasn't disappointed."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are "
4457,5,Positive," Nice service, big slices and happy customers. who else can you depend on for great pizza???"" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was tasty too."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking wet from being drenched in oil.   alexander's pizza also serves italian and greek entree meals. the pizza was "
4458,5,Positive," Nice service. all around a great experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to get a table, but it was great to have another option other than bbq, chicago style pizza, and a cold beer.  we got lucky to be able to try both the pizza and wings combinations.  honestly, i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way.  think outside the box, eat local, and just do it right.  we looked forward to trying the pizza and wings."" ""honestly, the only reason i would go to a long lasting pizza place is if it was really, really, really, really, really, really, really "
4459,5,Positive," Nice service and happy customers. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't "
4460,5,Positive," Nice service and prices never let us down. definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza. we highly recommend alley content as a must go there! ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great salad and great pizza. the pizza was delicious and the service was friendly. recommend the chicken dress with artichoke hearts and walnuts and/or the free sandwich with pepperoni, sausage, and tomato sauce.   we will continue to come back, at least for the pizza."" ""the pizza was good, the salads were good, and the great breadsticks pizza was awesome! we just ordered a few things but will be back for sure!""  "
4461,5,Positive," Nice service and prices don't hurt either.  pretty much any pizza you like and can pay for, regardless of quality.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) in 2003 when i was at university so i can i you that amelia's is still around, it's just that it's been over 10 years since i've been here and i'm still craving that bad.   i ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza and i must say that it was a very delicious order indeed.  the white pizza was absolutely delicious and the crust was of such perfect quality that it was difficult to distinguish the wheat from the rice.  "
4462,5,Positive," Nice service and cheap prices makes it the place to go to for a slice of late night pizza.   seems like a good place to come back to."" ""around this corner is a great spot for a slice of late night pizza.  it's not that late that i went, but that i waited too long to get here.  guess i was unlucky.  a bar across the hall went by with a big slice for me to take home.  all i ordered was some to share and a large greek salad.  the toppers were great and i loved the pun in the title.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis.  to top it off, "
4463,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes it a winner.  havana and p! waffles for dessert!  zen garden living is a winner!  yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza "
4464,5,Positive," Nice service and modest prices makes it a winner choice for anywhere entertaining needs a quick bite before going to a cocktail hour. dine in and unwind after the movie with some pinot grigio! ""this is one of those restaurants that you have to try at least once. i suggest starting with the antipasti minto for the crust and ending with the famous gelato della casa. the crust is absolutely amazing, thick and chewy with a perfect blend of flavors. i also tried the mediterranean pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach, and it was equally delicious with just a touch of garlic. if you get dessert, the cheesecake was more of the typical fruity/bold vanilla/brown sugar/clary sage "
4465,5,Positive," Nice service good...what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great care "
4466,5,Positive," Nice service and casual atmosphere. if you were here before, great! if you're a first-timer, don't expect to walk on in and order your very own pizza, but feel free to bring a large salad and a side of hummus salad - we really do enjoy those kinds of things. though, if you're like me and want the adventure, we'll gladly give you a slice of the pizza we just made!   one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during happy hour, so expect to wait a long time for a glass of wine or beer.  we recommend the muscovite pizza and the to-go cone. the to-go cone is great if you want to be "
4467,5,Positive," Nice service.  will definitely come back to try those spicy diavola sauce things again.  yum!!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we waited for a long time and came out just before 1:30 on a saturday. we knew it was a pizza place so we all waited to see what the deal was. we arrived at around 1:40 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   my boyfriend had a mohito pizza and my daughter had a strawberry shortcake pizza. my son had a hot "
4468,5,Positive," Nice service and careful consumption of the wine casks will assure you of outstanding food and superb service.  a la carte lunch with side of salad and fruit puree is a great deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.  i particularly love enjoying a thin crust with herb-marinated prosciutto and spinach leaves."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.  cibo is fun, it's fun to hang "
4469,5,Positive," Nice service and over all cheap prices makes you feel at home from the start.  there's plenty of parking and you can bike there if you want."" ""biked/hiked/toured the ring last night and was quite impressed with the amount of people milling about. i would love to try it out by myself.  i would also like to try it corned beef and cheese, though i know it's not really for me.  crust is rather thin, so be warned...but boy are the flavors there when you order corned beef and cheese.    i ordered the garlic knots as an appetizer. they were extremely tasty! i ordered them with spinach and he was fine with it. he loved the flavor "
4470,5,Positive," Nice service...and $5 for nachos?"" ""came in during lunch. pretty busy inside but nice atmosphere has a really nice patio seating area. got the garlic knots as an appetizer very good! got the margarita pizza with sausage on it super yummy!   bottom line: it's pretty busy inside but nice atmosphere has a really nice patio seating area."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little "
4471,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes it one of toronto's cheapest places to eat. pizza is solid and the croque monsieur tastes just like you'd expect from a BNE. if you are in the mood to impress your date by offering her a slice of pizza with all the toppings, well, that's her decision.    while a la carte is nice and all around a great idea, it is impractical for every situation.  croque monsieur should be able to offer both a la carte and a generous portion of the toppings that are thrown at her.  in my case, that meant throwing some together in minutes and having it set up in no time at all.   the simple "
4472,5,Positive," Nice service and cheap prices makes it the best pizza and pasta dishes that will satisfy your every need. great salad and great light lunch with just the right amount of veggies and meat. no ranch or extra meat - just good old fashioned pizza. add in some great toppings and you've basically got the perfect mid-week pizza (or any pizza for that matter) - great for sharing with friends or family.  while mid-week is great for eating out, it's even better for sharing one's hungry after a long day at the office."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i assumed they "
4473,5,Positive," Nice service. always friendly and peppy. all around a great experience. what's not to like about this place. "" ""excellent pizza -- the best pizza i ever had and the best crust ever. they make it fresh -- which is important to us since we eat a lot of it bread by the slice.  the sauce was so good and the cookie dough was somehow still warm and gooey 50 minutes after it was made.  i think the restaurant just opened up so we can more easily come here and try things off-hand.   we will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from scratch -- no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it was fresh and perfect -- even though the oven temperature was low "
4474,5,Positive," Nice service and finally, a coupon for $10 off your first order.   what more can you ask for?"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week. the workers there were friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.   "
4475,5,Positive," Nice service and perfectly baked crust.  all i ordered was juice, which i assume was prepared by the grill.  i was so excited!  immediately i saw smoke coming from the oven and knew it had to be the wrong place.  so i went to check.  it was not so much of a smoke ring as it was a strong, almost burnt-out smell coming from the oven.  once again, i went to check.  sure enough, the pizza was good, albeit a touch salty.  i was skeptical when my dad told me the pizza was good as well.  he said he was waiting for me to come back in.  i laughed and said sure, why not.  well, there were a few things "
4476,5,Positive," Nice service and generous portions makes it the best pizza place in central square. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices "
4477,5,Positive," Nice service and price makes you comfortable.  will definitely return."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.   will definitely be back for another slice, or three."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always "
4478,5,Positive," Nice service, and price doesn't even say how much food was ordered.  affordable rent, fast delivery, and great product.  tops does it all.  if you like good pizza and driving down memory lane, you got damn lucky!"" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the mushroom pizza and the ricotta pizza and the butternut squash squash pizza and the brussel sprout salad. good places to come back! especially if you are already inside the aria.  now on to the food! what i experienced was absolutely amazing. we had the forager and the mesquite pizza and the spaghetti and meatballs. the mushroom pizza was delicious and they brought some with extra "
4479,5,Positive," Nice service. honest. delicious."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week. the workers there were friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  i got a slice of their white chapel pizza (ricotta and spinach), their black diamond "
4480,5,Positive," Nice service and prices that won't break the bank.  if you are ever in nellos armsieve just tell them to ""give me a call"" and they will likely come out to us.  alternatively they could just do us a huge favor and just keep calling us and asking us to come out to their location.  in all honestly i don't give them a bad rap.  they really just did a good job of trying to make you comfortable."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empan "
4481,5,Positive," Nice service and aggressive pricing could not have been better timed.  in a perfect world i would like to open my own pizza place but unfortunately this world is filled with pizza places and it would have been nice to just order a salad and breadsticks instead.    we got our order of breadsticks and there was more to come as we anhhh...  Continuing our wonderful tradition of amazing new york style pizza, we got our appetizers, salads, and breadsticks along with a large pizza and some great pepperoni cheese.   the arugula and spinach salads were very unique and had a nice dressing.  we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about your pizza!!""  "
4482,5,Positive," Nice service. the walls are covered with posters of the bands playing, occasionally spilling a drink while they're talking.  i can't remember which one it was, but it was a really fun incident.  lights out, please come back tomorrow and ask them to switch it up a bit."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a twin pepperoni. the pizza was really good! he said it was very tasty and he was right. we got married right away and i was so excited! we ordered a pizza and split a pepperoni and cheese bread. i really liked the blend of flavors it had. it was delicious! we got married hours before the official wedding so we could get "
4483,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza. we got lucky to eat here the first time around and we definitely found a new hangout.  note to self: when in Rome visiting friends say they look set to have an amazing grand opening this coming weekend. i say friends, because i don't know if they'll let me in on a date without my wife backing me up.  if you don't like gray pizza, don't go here. but if you do, you got damn lucky!"" ""my pizza was really good! my boyfriend had the guido and the wings too! i really got a cheesecake while keeping it light and fresh. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for "
4484,5,Positive, Nice service and consistently good pizza.  now that they have opened they have one of the best pizzas in the area and they are continuing to improve the food and wine selection.  it has been my experience throughout the years that people who eat at the brook stop will usually order takeout and will not mind spending an extra $5-10 for a nicely priced meal.  i have ordered from the brook stop twice and the food was equally as good each time. my only complaint is that i have had to wait even when i was told to order out and i was told they were good and so were they.   the food was so memorable! i would love to come back to try some other georgian dishes 
4485,5,Positive," Nice service and nice atmosphere. we enjoyed our pizza and the service was friendly as well.  food will satisfy us forever."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to "
4486,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good food. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, "
4487,5,Positive," Nice service.  can't complain. ""super delicious ! now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. but they were gone before another thought came up. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. my new local go to spot for pizza !!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita isn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight "
4488,5,Positive," Nice service and quick delivery of pizza, even on a busy day."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i'll defiantly be back to have more such an awesome pizza. i ordered my pizza carry out and got charged for one ranch and hot peppers, but i was told by the waitress that i could bring in my own tortilla chips if i wanted. so i guess i am a real fan of this place. i will definitely order from here again and i'll definitely tell all of my coworkers about the place!"" ""all the best pizza that i have ever eaten! in fact, all i have ever eaten! excellent wings "
4489,5,Positive, Nice service while enjoying the food and pricing are the best you will find anywhere. all i will say is that i know several people who have eaten at the rwb and that must be a plus for them.  now on to the food!  i was hoping to receive a report on the quality of the pizza that was provided and was pleased to see that they continue to provide great pizza.  to the management of fat bobs keep up the great work and for god sakes don't change the sea food pizza.  we had the white pizza reuben and the little jar of salami that came with it ( i kid you not  it was delicious). i can still taste the salty but the white also needs to be reheated frequently 
4490,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes this is a winner choice. go there immediately! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i "
4491,5,Positive," Nice service all around a great experience. i highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.   tables have paper covers and crayons and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week.   i love all the flavors of spicy "
4492,5,Positive," Nice service and happy customers. i love supporting local companies and this is the real deal."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you will have leftovers to eat the next day and you will have saved yourself a trip to the deli counter."" ""good thin crust pizza, with a nice sauce and plenty of toppings. they give it a homemade feeling, so you are eating food that has been made from scratch! i recommend people to "
4493,5,Positive," Nice service and delicious pizza and i didn't even have to wait to order my pie. all i ordered was what was asked and that was fine with me. my pie was still hot and fresh from the oven.   the rest of the pizza was just spicy pepperoni, sausages, and onions.  add me on d+b if you want to ask."" ""i checked in and the pizza was good ny style. hot and fresh. good price. reliable ny style pizza. good ny sauce. easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   if you're looking for a fun place to eat with your family or date night get together dinner is a winner for you.    "
4494,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar hacked together pizza. who on earth would think this would become one of my favorite new york style pizza joints? maybe because it's legal to bring in wine, beer &hipsters? we can't wait to return!!"" ""yuummmmm!!! we went here to eat after the high roller and got the garlic cheese bread appetizer and classic pepperoni pizza...our first time there, all the food was amazing!  we sat on the patio and when it started raining the waiters came over immediately and helped us move everything to a covered table.  definitely going there tonight to eat after the high roller and get some fresh fruits and veggies!"" ""i really enjoyed this place on my recent visit to toronto. "
4495,5,Positive," Nice service,cheesy but tasty and the perfect late night snack.  promises to be a great date night!"" verified purchase ordered from here using the hot damn. they give 10% as part of the order for hot damn. i decided to try it out since it sounded interesting. ordered 2 large pizzas, hot damn and spicy diavola. they were so good. i ate the rest of the pizza in one sitting. i must say i was somewhat shocked at how well the crust turned out. i would like to try it again but i think my odds are better for the pizzas. ""good thin crust pizza with awesome sauce. we had the cheese pizza and the big apple pizza. both were amazing. good wings. good "
4496,5,Positive," Nice service andcheef cake while you're at it. yummy!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i definitely will come back to this place! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious without the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! "
4497,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza. that should say a lot"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good pizza. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the time. the specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. my friends had a "
4498,5,Positive," Nice service and happy customers makes a good customer. ""ordered the white pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service! please do not order delivery. orders placed after noon are met with a smile and a generous helping of garlic bread.  please come prepared!  we come as often as possible so please do not be turned away because you are not used to having a table that small."" super yummy pizzas and salads!  very neighborly! highly recommend! pizzas were delivered in minutes and the restaurant staff was great!  24hr standing room only !!!  there is no other pizza joint in the area "
4499,5,Positive," Nice service and exactly what you expected from a great restaurant. definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to fine dining."" ""never went to a brook but i was told about his pizza and pasta dishes and they were a perfect match. they were very flavorful and my family had never had a bad experience at all. the service was wonderful and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we had wine, appetizers, salad and full entrees and the bill was ....wait for it....$48 bucks. whoohoo."" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken pizza the "
4500,5,Positive," Nice service and careful consideration goes into every order.  that goes for both diners and staff."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome!  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  also, i appreciate a good pepperoni and basil cheese it gives it a fucking ton of taste.  must endorse sharing one small with your table as well as your own pizza.  you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.  indeed, there was more taste from the sauce that i absorbed than i could have finished.  tzatziki was also "
4501,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes it a winner choice. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards.""  "
4502,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner for sure. all around a great place to eat, kensington market wrapped in great food and at a fair price. ""super yummy pizzas and salads! tested it out, loved it. now i'm craving those cheesy fresh basil pesto's all of sudden.   the eggplant pizza was tasty too, but i preferred the crispy, fresh stuff. but the serving was enough to get you through 4 meals!   that is true with most of their food, really.  i got to try a few things, but i'm hooked on regular ol' style pizza."" ""it's fairly difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to "
4503,5,Positive," Nice service and consider bringing some along for the adventure ! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table or saving it for leftovers. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made "
4504,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza and kebab shop.  delicious kebab and pizza dishes in particular were superb.  so, what are you waiting for? go ahead and get your slice now while you can still get your hands on some great pizza!  you won't be sorry!"" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special""""of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they "
4505,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza.  once you order your pie you'll have it within minutes; these places seem to be perpetually open and they do themselves proud.  while it's true that some pizza places remain open past 11:30, others close at 12 (i.e. order after 11:30 and you'll have your pizza).  while you can always get a table, the tables here are always a good size and most are very busy."" ""atmosphere is casual. there is some free wifi but it is not needed for this pizza joint to work.  if you are walking on fremont. i recommend hitting up http://www.neil.io/ for a table you can unwind with your family or if "
4506,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
4507,5,Positive," Nice service and frankening of the wine list.  may the menu be blessed."" ""it's not the bomb!! it's the coolest restaurant ever!! we went during the day, and the kid in us wanted to go for a slice of pizza and a beer. we were so happy we decided to try it retrofitted with trendy trendy kids clothes and trendy trendy trendy glasses. we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was still good. we got an array of pizza's including the classic pepperoni and cheese pizza, as well as a generic meat lovers. my only complaint is that we were short two large slices of pepperoni cheese."" ""delicious pizza! i really enjoyed this place. i moved to the pe "
4508,5,Positive," Nice service and decent priced pizza.  think wool stuff, but way better.  pizza is good, but not great.  think thin crust, thick crust, and consider the spinach parmesan you order.  it really does taste like spinach parmesan.  parmesan is a bit tougher than the typical parmesan, but still melts in your mouth delicious.    the restaurant was so packed on friday night we didn't even see some of the action!  we definitely recommend this place for any time of the day, even on a lazy sunday afternoon."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza "
4509,5,Positive," Nice service and quite frankly their pizza is better than most places. if you like thin greasy pizza and extra sauce, then pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion will please you.  if you prefer a little bit of spice, then the ratio of garlic heads to cheese is on point.  if you prefer a thin crust with more vegetables, then pizza with spinach is a good choice.  if you prefer arugula or something equally delicious, then again, that's your opinion.  I would even argue that the ratio of garlic heads to cheese is better than most places, if not the best.    while some may scoff at the thought of a 28 year old making pizza like this, i assure you it is superior to "
4510,5,Positive," Nice service.  camel... ?  why am i still here 11 months later than planned?  i thought maybe they'd moved to a bigger location so i was wrong.  all i ordered was pizza and a small side - what a GREAT idea! i would have been remiss if i didn't mention that they were so good!! their pizza is the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. it was smooth, flavorful, and very affordable. i will definitely eat here again and i will definitely be back - probably more so than when i found out they were open."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one "
4511,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner choice.  highly recommended for a reasonably priced, terrific slice of downtown."" ""good pizza, great patio seating and the best margarita pizza in the strip. we got lucky & got an unlimited margarita while supplies last. we settled on the classic bottomless mimosa with ice cold water and a smile.   bottomless mimosa with ice cold water and a smile.   the margarita or white with ice cold water is absolutely amazing.  it's also a great conversation piece."" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza and shake. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added "
4512,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes this is a winner choice.  happily ever after :)"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious.  they were very spiralizing but not too greasy.  i definitely recommend this place to my friends."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and happy customers.  my husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy.  when my husband says he likes chicken he means it.  great thin crust pizza with awesome "
4513,5,Positive," Nice service. as always, you can always get a table, because there's always some leftovers to be had."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts cheese on the top and bottom, giving it a handmade taste. a touch of garlic tastes delicious along with fresh herbs and a touch of tomato paste gives it a homemade taste "
4514,5,Positive," Nice service and even better chicken tenders. chicken tenders are complete garbage and should not be eaten.  having said that, i will still happily eat them myself and i will most definitely be back.  if you are ever in nellos, i would definitely recommend driving across town for a slice of that awesome view."" ""nello's is located on the busy p83 strip with tons of people and close to the funquefit style restaurant area.  i recommend people to come here on a date or to try one of the many pizza combos they offer.  i also highly recommend people to go during happy hour to save some money and munch on a few slices of cheese.  pizzas are very good the following night after "
4515,5,Positive," Nice service, and even better pizza. note that it's cash only, so come prepared! one of the best ny style pizza places in the country. ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of the month of May. so are we. we thought we'd give them a try hot pink & blue. well, at least until we found a new theme...."" ""i was recently tipped to a good pizza place by a mutual friend.  upon arrival of our order we were immediately presented with a large pizza on the side, along with a large salad and some great fresh fruits and veggies.  upon reviewing the menu the only thing that stood out to us was the price.  at a minimum we asked for a large "
4516,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 gets you a large ny style slice with extra toppings, all for just saying good pizza.  note: this should be a buffet place, not a sit down restaurant. bbq chicken empanada dinner is equally delicious cold and hungry.    note: this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family.....we did both!"" super yummy pizzas and salads delicious chicago style and homemade ricotta appetizers and beautiful crunchy omelets the perfect mix of fresh and sweet and loaded with fresh fruit juices and veggies. they also serve up a great gluten free pizza too!  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we "
4517,5,Positive," Nice service, and you can always get a table, it's that easy!  prices are pretty reasonable, probably around fave, or 2-cheese, or even 3-cheese if you really want to go for broke."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  unfortunately they don't carry that stuff anymore, so yummy new york style with reduced calzones?  i don't know what they used bubblegum or what it was called, but it was awesome.  also, i love the restaurant's outdoor space - it's a great place to get outside and enjoy the scenery."" ""outside eating is fun "
4518,5,Positive," Nice service. a slice of late night pizza. chew bubblegum and greek salad and indulge your inner child.  there is no other pizza joint for me."" ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  seats recline and food is served here.  based on previous reviews i was afraid to order food from their pizza place so i have no opinion on the food.  the movie experience was great though."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late "
4519,5,Positive," Nice service is nothing to write home about.  probably because it's a cigar store, but who cares?  pizza is excellent and they always seem to be happy.    we will continue to come back and try their pizza on esplanade."" ""while walking esplanade (rogue) yesterday, we came across this cool little place with a trendy, trendy, trendy decor.  we ordered a white pie with pesto and spinach, and a generic cheese pizza with peppers, onions, and diavola.  the pizza was delicious, and we had a generic meatball too.  we wished we had taken a picture so you could see the pizza we ordered, but it was obvious it was special - it was "
4520,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good food. man are there good options when it comes to pizza. let me say upon arrival of our food I was shocked by how many perfectly baked pies there were! i definitely felt an extra boost of confidence knowing that my dollars were going toward good food instead of wasted.   wrap: juicy, not too greasy, perfectly baked and topped with meat sauce. they even gave it a beautiful garlic butter sauce - something i enjoy tremendously. but for god's sake don't try it unless you absolutely must or you will lose your mind."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza "
4521,5,Positive," Nice service, and price doesn't matter to me.    we got here on an afternoon to have a quick bite before the baseball game.  seats were pretty crowded since there was plenty of standing room.  i suggest people get here on an afternoon to save yourself some standing room."" ""my guys and I got a table only moderate pizza, huge slices of pepperoni, and a large salad. huge portions, even though the restaurant is small size. good wine list, too.  super yummy crusts and no overcooking. highly recommend!"" ""i thought this place was pretty exciting so we called in our order. Turns out it was pretty easy to get a table around here. all we did was take surveys on "
4522,5,Positive," Nice service and even better cibo."" lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from every table. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. good pizza, at a fair price and they definitely go a long way in keeping you coming back. ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today "
4523,5,Positive," Nice service and tasty food is always good here. recently we had the chance to try the piola di piola while it was on fire.  as a matter of fact, i got a slice of the hot cheese wich i ordered and i can tell you it was delicious.   the pizza was also quite good. i loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza.   return policy: if you don't like the pizza, you can always return it. i personally would prefer not to spend money on a pizza that i won't be making again, but i will definitely return if i am ever in the area.    this place will definitely be a go "
4524,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza. every bite counts and is worth the price of admission. if you enjoy thin crust pizza and are not too shocked at how quickly pizza turns into a greasy spoon fight then by all means indulge yourself but i personally recommend hiding under blankets on that cold night and munching on that cheese grata while you're waiting for the next flight."" ""with a little over a month until the big game opener between the colombians and the afro-americans, things are looking up for the colombian team.  that means a lot to them.  they deserve it.  in September, the team was given a custom made pizza with garlic balls, tomatoes, pineapple and sweet potato purée, all "
4525,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes it the best value in town when it comes to dining out.  cibo is fun, it's fun to hang out at for a drink, it's fun to talk to people there and it's a fun place to eat.  t."" ""i called and spoke to the owner, he was very genuine and concerned and sent me a pizza on the house the following night and it arrived exactly at 7:30 with apologies from the driver.  their pizza is so good that i am totally thrilled that they've fixed the delivery glitch so quickly. kudos to you."" ""i thought everything was fantastic.  the food was incredible, the drinks were strong and remarkably tasty, and the feeling "
4526,5,Positive," Nice service. in my many cruises to york this is the only one i will recommend."" ""cruises from new york to piola is a must.  views of the water are amazing.  once you disembark you will find yourself in style surroundings, earthen seating and a great pizza and/or salad.  the meatballs and cuban sandwich are equally delicious.    while new york certainly has its perks -- it has it all -- a visit to new york will show you what you are getting when you eat there.    cruises are always convenient and the one at the helm is always friendly.    please do not expect to dine in there and i will gladly "
4527,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner choice.  amen to that!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by "
4528,5,Positive," Nice service and prices never got in the way.  we will defiantly be back!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender "
4529,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make you feel at home from the get go.  if you are in the mood to dine out and want to impress your friends and neighbors with your questionable taste in food and wine list, by all means indulge yourselves and have some great food! but please do not expect to dine in there and have me fall in love with your pizza.  I assure you I will not judge you or your selection based on my poor experiences several years ago when dining in there.  instead, I will give you a fair shake and encourage you to try some of the amazing food that ilovetalio provides."" ""great pizzas, great price with a great pizza and a great experience. we had the guido and the margher "
4530,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i don't think this place warrants that much hype, but it does have a place where you can get free hot meals.  note 2: they may not have the best nachos in the strip, but they sure do their job.  i would definitely eat here again, and by so many means!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not enough room in the house but it was always filled with bubbly bubbly! ""delicious pizza! i got lucky enough to eat there last night and i sat right away.  i ordered the pizza and cheese bread with pepperoni and sausage.  the pizza was good, but i "
4531,5,Positive," Nice service andcheering.  a winner is born!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i think this place deserves a pat on the back for opening their doors earlier than other nearby restaurants and possibly even catching some eye... :) ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it."" ""closed beta! closed beta! what happened to beta? i was hoping to try some pizza before the grand opening, but they've since cancelled that plan.  i'm not too surprised since they've been on lockdown since yesterday.  i'll have to go back and try that pizza again.  if you're going to be in town for a while, look up the dino "
4532,5,Positive," Nice service and price doesn't hurt either. say what you will about this place, you can't go wrong!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part "
4533,5,Positive," Nice service and a delicious slice of pizza is essential for a great slice of late night pizza.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvaf "
4534,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza. every bite counts and i believe they will become your local go-to pizza place. thanks to awesome for a great brand!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very "
4535,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza and kebab joint."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta were superb. great service and "
4536,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes it the best pizza hole in town. let me say upon arrival of our food i was shocked by how generous the portions were! the khinkali dumplings each of them were like the size of a small person's fist. and the hachapuri was very filling indeed, even though the wrapper was skimpy and dry.  prices also vary greatly depending on the size of pizza you order. the small pizza ($7-9.50) is filling for one. large size pizza ($13-18.50) is good for sharing... or one very hungry person.  pasta portions are very generous for the price tag ($9-14)   food: my friends and i were here for the first time "
4537,5,Positive," Nice service, andcheese pizza that was just okay."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, a wide variety on the menu and the price point is spot on. the pizza crust is fresh and the ingredients "
4538,5,Positive," Nice service and really their just that they don't want to be too flashy or they'd be accused of being too trendy."" ""this is the best pizza and pasta dishes at the lake by far. this place is the real deal starting with the new york atmosphere and  making you feel at home from the start. great food at at very modest price. you will have food left over to take home. the meatballs and sauces are  delicious and totally make you want to come back for more. the lasagna was also very delicious and we really need to get back to eating the traditional wonton as a base. the owners and staff are very friendly which is always good.   the restaurant and its surroundings has a factory feel to it "
4539,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer at a local bar is a pretty damn pittance.  fortunately, that not a cash only place so you have to buy your own slice, but if you want to be a bit healthier and save some money, going to a club can be a good option as well.  although not all pizza is created equal, the pizza i make here is high quality and my husband and i both love their pizza the next day.    while it may not have the pizzas of nearby Viterbo, it has a hell of a good pizza and the wings are good as well.    if you are a first-timer trying to grab a table, "
4540,5,Positive," Nice service and aggressive pricing will set you back at the counter, which is why i highly recommend avoiding the counter after 10pm on weekdays. instead, leave your table at the curb and order a pizza or be left alone.  you won't be sorry!"" excellent pizza and salad at a small price. eat here often. ""loved the pizza -- everyone loved the pizza. i think its time we had a pizza place specifically for lyria's quirky combination of cool with great food. we tried the bruschetta pizza and the mascarpone pizza. the pizzas were excellent and was a nice side with whole pieces of bacon and spinach. i also tried the meat lovers and meat sauce, which was also tasty. the wed "
4541,5,Positive," Nice service, and price makes perfect.  keep coming back!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my husband here.  he loves pizza and the atmosphere is very casual.  i'll be back!  the service is good and so is the food.  i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but that "
4542,5,Positive," Nice service and prices keep up.  so when kensington market gets too crowded or you just don't feel like ordering nellies, you can always go online and order from us. ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  anyway, we decided to go after walking by and yelp and we were immediately struck by the large tables they have. we assumed they were just having a good time, so we were excited to see they were open for business.   we got our appetizers and salads and were set on the pizza. my friends had a few pizzas, my little boy "
4543,5,Positive," Nice service only improvements is that they dont have napkins anymore :(."" ""spices, fresh fruits and vegetables, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!) ... oh and they make you a delicious sauce so be sure to toss it in there too.   this place is always great my husband and i. we recently visited and was very impressed with the pizza and how well it complemented the awesome pizza we ordered to go.   we were also struck by the lack of alcohol on site.  obvious rules apply: don't drink and drive, and drive slowly.  we were also shocked by how well-stocked the counter was.  only time i "
4544,5,Positive," Nice service and compact size makes it a great package lunch option for any business."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
4545,5,Positive," Nice service, and unexpectedly tasty lo mein! yummy noodles, spicy tempeh, and fresh fruits, that were almost burnt!  pasta portions are very generous for the price tag ($9-14)  wish i could have tried more things, but i walked up to check after midnight and there was no one here.  i was sad to learn that they were until my server came over and asked if i needed anything.  they took my order and headed back out the door, leaving me with a big smile on my face and a big ''thank you'' on the tab.  i will definitely order from here again and i will definitely be back!"" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp. "
4546,5,Positive," Nice service, and surprisingly good pizza just tastes better with every bite!    after darkn pizza or after eight to eleven is when you really start to see the city's personality.  after that it gets busier and more crowded... my advice is to leave early or you will not like the vibe :)"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the "
4547,5,Positive," Nice service for the price of coffee. ()  there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of django and sets up shop there.  now that wine and cheese have arrived on the pizza scene, it's only a matter of time before they open their own shop showcasing their own carefully selected seasonal offerings.  who else sells you a pizza for $8.95?!  who else sells you a pizza for $8.95?!  who else sells you a pizza for $8.95?!  who else sells you a pizza for $8.95?! who else sells you a pizza for $8.95?! who else sells you a pizza for $8.95?! who "
4548,5,Positive," Nice service and overall a great experience. regulars are friendly and helpful. i will definitely come back here!  although the restaurant doesn't look the part, it was actually designed to look like a restaurant would be, not just a storage facility."" ""we ordered a pizza with mushroom and spinach and it turned out great! we really liked the look of the other ones we tried. let's hope we try more pizzas."" ""i really love this place. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and they delivered it in a timely fashion. we also ordered a large cheese pizza and it was good with some extra cheese on the side. they really go with the theme of simplicity and putting the finishing touches on a really awesome meal.   "
4549,5,Positive," Nice service encouraged, but wont you just sit back and enjoy the ambience?  we did both and i will definitely stop back in. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza (130 cal), minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't "
4550,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes sense.  20 minutes from downtown is a great deal.  try it out if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you don't want to wait for the pizza to cool down, you can just eat there and be happy afterwards.   i ordered two slices of cheese pizza and a large salad. the pizza was awesome and they were even better because i ordered them by the slice. i actually liked the pizza more the next day i was making it again, because i could have eaten it all myself if i wanted."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to "
4551,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes this is a winner choice. every time we come here it's a winner! winners!!! ""loved the pizza. they had a great selection. services was great. they were fresh. they were hot. they were cheese. they were delicious. it was all fab. went perfectly with the ambrosia sauce. and the garlic bread toppers."" ""went for my birthday dinner. super yummy pizza, super salad and super service. we had  pasta dinner with sausage and chicken and we ate the whole thing in one sitting. was very productive and productive and productive and friendly servers helping us with how to order and making us feel welcome. feel free to stop by and try their pizza too."" ""family "
4552,5,Positive," Nice service and generous portions makes it the ideal stop after a night of drinking.  recommend sharing one small drink with your table as it's a little intense)."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are really nice and really cute :o. lol. anyway, we wanted to get a hachapuri and some khink "
4553,5,Positive," Nice service.  a winner! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn "
4554,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza.  who else has had the honor of loving a <3 by the way? i will forever cherish that moment when my boyfriends or i walk in on a cool summer's day and immediately feel at home from the start.  you guys rock!"" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only place in montreal that i should be recommending is at least a little way from their HQ. i'll be back.  now that they've opened up farther afield, it was inevitable that they'd expanded a little, and that's exactly what we found. we ordered a large cheese pizza and a small one on the side. huge portions, right there. hmmm "
4555,5,Positive," Nice service, and price doesn't make you feel like you're back in california.  so, if you're looking for something tasty and a little affordable, this the place to be."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so i packed my bags and headed over there. unfortunately, my luck changed when i walked in and they show up with a signed copy of his signed book! so, i played along a bit and ordered one of his signed pizzas, only to find out it was only $0.75?! holy crap was i wrong.  pizza was fantastic, and they gave it to the whole apartment group so we could all enjoy.  to the management of mr. g "
4556,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for ny style pizza and 6 toppings is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i used their bathroom bleach is so so so so so good!  forever marries, i think.  what more could you possibly want."" ""my husband and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and when it started raining the tables had come full. we decided to take a chance and ordered a pizza instead.  pizza was good, but not spectacular. we ended up getting 2 pizzas and a cheese pizza instead.  i can't complain -- we still had plenty of food and were well-fed.    we got our drinks and ate the pizza we came with "
4557,5,Positive," Nice service and careful driving will yield you plenty of options.  overall, it is a very good pizza and i plan on returning. next time i'll be giving that pizza cookie a try. i really liked upper crust, but grimaldi's in old town is still my favorite for traditional ny style thin crust pizza."" ""i have to say that not only is the food amazing, the employees are extremely friendly. they went as far to fulfill my request to draw john snow from game of thrones (easily the best pizza place ever!) thank you so much!"" ""ordered today for lunch for delivery to my workplace. my boss treated us to lunch since it was my birthday.  ordered online and delivery was 6 minutes later than "
4558,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable price makes it the best deal in town when it comes to food and drinks.  next time you're in cleveland, i'd definitely recommend hitting up luigi's for a slice of the pizza they make famous!"" ""cleveland's only pizza place is always great. lunch with the slice and salad and breadsticks. pizza is great. good place to come for a slice of life experience."" ""so i don't give out 5 stars like everyone else does, but i definitely would if i could get a table through them.  unfortunately, i can't help but give them 5 because i know they would never deprive me of a fantastic pizza, so i'll keep going...  ...  ...  "
4559,5,Positive," Nice service and quite possibly the coolest logo ever.  props to you, pizza hut."" ""i can't say enough good things about pizza hut. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, albeit briefly, when i was in the area.  pizza hut is cheap, convenient, and has a really awesome logo (think pineapples and watermelons).  i definitely recommend coming here on a date night or when u already have a table.  i would definitely come back here! the pizza was really good and we really enjoyed the grilled garlic chicken over salad.    the owners are super nice and friendly to their customers.  i would definitely come back!"" ""kitchen island is a great "
4560,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes this is a winner place for me. ""good thin crust pizza with good toppings and an ok selection of meats. they also serve some really goodasi, this is my type of pizza ."" ""i stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. was not disappointed. had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onions, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes.  the pizza was also quite tasty. i plan to have dinner with my husband in the near future and if you are in the mood to try something different, give this place a try."" ""I stopped here for a slice of late night pizza.  i had no idea this place existed and was quite shocked to learn it was closed "
4561,5,Positive," Nice service, andcheesy leftovers. take away that annoying exclamation point and you've got my recipe.   now onto the food! there are a few types of pizza that you can eat at here. the standard pizza is great, and all pizzas are great. but the glazed style pizza is fab, and the crunchy toppings make it a perfect snack after dinner.   for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=z "
4562,5,Positive," Nice service and perfectly baked but all you really care about is the pizza and you have no idea it because it's not on the menu"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to the ''retro pizza'' trendsetters who line up at 7-11 every morning for this trendiest of eats.  once you order your pie you'll have it within minutes; these take time to prepare and are typically very filling indeed!    i ordered the mushroom pizza and i was a tad skeptical; but wow were they good! i learned from my pizza "
4563,5,Positive," Nice service, understanding menu and just a general awesomeness. you won't be disappointed if you are lucky enough to be inside as the walls of the restaurant are covered in stickers and messages decal paint it a deep and rich color.   honestly, the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that i could not possibly figure out what it is that i am getting myself into. if you are looking for a friendly yet refined dining option, stop in. otherwise, stay away."" ""my family and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we sat on the patio and by the looks of the menu my boyfriend and i knew nothing about other people's pizza -- we just wanted to try it "
4564,5,Positive," Nice service!! this is a must go to!!! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). i was mostly disappointed in the lack of product -- the pizza was too thin, and there wasn't enough meat. i ended up giving up because i couldn't handle the pressure of the pizza becoming too thick, and giving up because i couldn't stop drooling over the shiny silver spoon.   i definitely recommend this place for your veggie fix -- or, you know, for whatever reason, i just find it easier to recommend places that i know will help me than it "
4565,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it the best pizza and beer pairing experience in town.  best new york!"" ""new york was busy today, but not that it stopped us from enjoying some truly exceptional pizza.  we decided to stop by and try one of their pizza 'n passes.  it was not difficult to find their pizza, and we were able to give it a try once we walked in.  we will be back; it was fun stopping by and yummy talking to the owners, Greg and Marlo.  also, to the security guard at the end of the night, you are a real hero!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, "
4566,5,Positive," Nice service and price makes you feel at home from the start.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they're safe.   "
4567,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i don't know how they keep getting better, but they sure got better each time we come back. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always "
4568,5,Positive," Nice service and oh so good pizza when it gets here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza with mushroom and spinach and it was delicious!! we got to choose between spicy salami or ketchup on the side and we got to choose between white or garlic bread on the crust.  we got to pick our poison and i got to try their homemade radish bruschetta. (fyi- i am super picky about mushroom and spinach.)  the other pizza got radish bruschetta on the crust too, so i'm not crazy about both.  but we got there early to save some money and we were more interested in the pizza than the radish.  so will definitely "
4569,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes it the best deal in Corona.   if you are ever in cornegate, definitely stop by and try their pizza... i will definitely be back"" best new york pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!  very reasonable prices, good food and a great experience. always friendly and courteous servers and they all do their job.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was "
4570,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza.. yum!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the pick up is quick and friendly. the dining area is roomy and convenient for me.  great location !! oh and the ny pizza I mentioned earlier is delicious too! yum!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the pizza is ready by the time you order and is always hot. 24hr delivery and pick up. the pizza is always fresh and delicious. 24hr delivery and pick up. the pizza is always hot and correct. 24hr delivery and pick up. "
4571,5,Positive," Nice service and quite frankly the pizza just took care of itself. we ordered parmesan chicken with sauerkraut and mustard on it and ate the rest of the pizza in one sitting.        other than that we got quite a few choices when it came to pizzas. we got the classic pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  crispy hand-cut fries are also very good!    it has been quite the ride so far!  all i can say is i will definitely return and im sure i will be adding spinach to many a pizza as i eat these delicious leaves of crisp, fresh green."" ""i came here "
4572,5,Positive," Nice service and -- most importantly -- no one wants to wait around for someone to come out to them."" super yummy pizzas and salads!  our family enjoyed every bite!  highly recommend! ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and i do admit the flavor is marginally better than caesar's $5 pizza. the only problem was the pizza was so greasy it made you want to spit it out.   alexander's pizza also serves it "
4573,5,Positive," Nice service and affordable prices makes it a perfect neighbor place. let me tell you though, it has a long and standing vegan pie that needs to change. let me tell you though, i was there last night and there was no mistaking the change in atmosphere. all i seen was great food and a great vibe. staying open late last night was a plus for me.  there is a lounge in the basement with a few booths having a great time reading and talking with other patrons.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because "
4574,5,Positive," Nice service and darn cute pizza. what's not to like about this place. we ordered the arugula pesto party favor which was a mix of spinach, artichoke, and the spicy-sweet blend of tahitian style. the artichoke pesto was absolutely amazing and went well with the flavors. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza is good for you. the $6 large pizza is a nice deal, especially if you want to get your fix "
4575,5,Positive," Nice service and liberal portions makes it the perfect date night hangout.  pasta portions are very generous for the price tag ($14-28)   i recommend the spaghetti and meatballs or the vegetarian pizza and salad. i prefer the former, it's better for you and more environmentally responsible."" ""my absolutely favorite chicago style pizza!! the deep dish is to die for!! we order a large pizza and large side of sauce. well, actually i don't know if i'm addicted to spicy food or not, but it was very good!! garlic knots were amazing and the mild cheese pizza was very very good!  we both love their chicago style pizza, it was awesome!!"" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the "
4576,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza. who else has good pizza and great carb counts? who says you can't have a good pizza and lose weight while maintaining a healthy weight (look at Liam's and Urban's)... i've been here twice back to back. the pizza was good, the salads were light and the ADDITIONAL bonus of having a gluten free tortilla on the side - i definitely did not need to add any more carbs after just reading the ingredients. i am definitely returning as soon as i come back to town."" ""we ordered a gluten free pizza and a vegan pizza related to our kiddos interest. the pizza was great and they had some great entrees. we will definitely come back for that one!"" ""i "
4577,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable price.  good place to eat after dark."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta were superb. great service "
4578,5,Positive," Nice service also and the breadsticks came out in about 5 minutes."" ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain -- all was tasty. best part? the price. the cake was somewhat of a splurge ($6.50, but the slice is huge) - otherwise, it would have been a $12 dinner for two.   we'll be back to try more pizzas.  we were there early for dinner on a wednesday and it was not crowded (not shocking...). our order was taken at a table, though several people came in to order to "
4579,5,Positive," Nice service and ice cold one of em!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great care of me "
4580,5,Positive," Nice service, and overall a great experience. going in tonight was going to be fun!  we ordered the pizza fries with pepperoni and man were they yummy!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice "
4581,5,Positive," Nice service and awesome product. all around a great experience."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great "
4582,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i visited earlier that same evening and there was no shortage of patrons - maybe because there was less than ideal street parking, but we did not try to find out.  one can only hope that future events are free and open to the public.  if you are in the mood to try something different, by all means, absolutely do go ahead and make that purchase.  but if you are headed toward the plaza, or simply stopping by to say hi, then surely you have other things on your mind - at least until next time."" ""i'm a big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome "
4583,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it the best pizzaiolo in the strip. so for everyone who said they'd never been here before, hello! hello! hello! i am officially addicted to your pizza!  now on to the food!   the white pizza (5-cheese) was absolutely divine. i wore a skinny jeans and a tank top and was completely covered. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the floorplan, but it would have been awesome if you could have taken a picture before ordering. the slices are small, so don't be turned off by the large cheese pizza (8-cheese) which had a nice kick with pepperoni, and the heapin' spicy salami. i still "
4584,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes it a winner choice for many years to come. many thanks to the owners for a great company and a great dinner."" ""to the many pizza recipes that i have tried over the years, the homemade mozzarella salad is a close second. i particularly love the garlic cheese gritters which come with a giant slice of fresh goat cheese on top! to top it off, the mozzarella is made fresh daily!  a truly remarkable combination which, when eaten together, creates a delicious after-dinner snack.  i look forward to trying some of their seafood, pasta dishes next time i'm in pittsburgh!"" ""yuummmmm!!! we went on vacation to peoria this past weekend and was an "
4585,5,Positive," Nice service. just a little over $50 for an xl (14"""").a worth it? yeah, we both had leftovers.  i really wish i had taken a picture of the xl (14"") because it looks even better as a photo shoot!  anyway, here is the xl (14"") with all the fixings:)   top notch pizza! crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, topped with baby pepperonis, baby artichokes, and sausages, all of which somehow turned out pretty good! crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, topped with baby radishes, and sausages, all of which somehow turned out pretty good! garlic knots were delicious! and so "
4586,5,Positive," Nice service while you're waiting for the pizza.  no one here to brag, we just wanted the pizza and we were happy with the order.  although it was a personal order, the pizza was already hot when i got it and i got to feed the cats while they were at it.  no one complained, but i definitely noticed that some people were a bit picky.  i definitely recommend this place for your pizza needs, but be warned...i think there are some really amazing wines from time to time!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, "
4587,5,Positive," Nice service and relatively priced tickets.  kevin has been here twice on end of now. first time was a dine in, get out, get drunk, leave early, no problem there. but i went back again, 20 minutes later, and there was no problem.  keep up the great work guys! ""good pizza, a little pricey but well worth it. i have had the chicken wrap several times and it is pretty good. pizza is good on the go breakfast, lunch and dinner. when i am in the durham region for work i look up to get some great pizza recipes. if you are ever in durham, you must go to dine in and get the pizza special - it is a must try!""  "
4588,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza. i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they give away will be a raffle ticket to a nearby gourmet place if you enter the drawing correctly.  we won't say we didn't enjoy it - the service was friendly and the food yum.   we headed back out after the children were through and was fortunate "
4589,5,Positive," Nice service and worry-free shopping. c'mon bros, it's your birthday, get fucked on that one. yummy pizza, fries, and a large salad for under $50 and you're set for the day.   c'mon over here, we got lucky and got a table but someone had already ordered and was leaving so we got another round of drinks and ate downstairs."" ""i can't believe this place hasn't been opened for so long! i was told about it from a neighbor and was surprised to see the large margherita on the menu. i thought it was a little strange because there isn't a huge pepperoni or parmesan recipe. i thought it would be more appropriate to call it something "
4590,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes it a winner choice.  perfect for a date night after seeing chick flick with my bf. ""love this place. we found ourselves a table a few weeks back and have been ordering from it ever since.  it's been that way. we've had lunch with our two young daughters, a slice of pizza with pasta on it and a generic pasta sauce.  they were both happy with the pizza and was happy to share.    the rest of the menu looks really delicious, but i don't know it's real.   they use frozen foods, sauces and breads which is really gross to me.  they also use canned goods which i am totally OK with.  my only complaint "
4591,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza. who else can you eat at and still have good food? who else can you enjoy great food from and really not feel like you're in a strip club all night long?  good places to eat.<|endoftext|>Overall, coffee seems to be doing a good job of it's job of providing a relaxing and stimulating environment for conversation. an over all, I am very pleased with this coffee shop. ""good pizza, great margherita's and the best margherita pizza i ever had! we had cheese pizza, meatballs and a whopping 17 types of pizza!   cheers to you!"" ""i absolutely love their margherita pizza and whenever i have a chance to go back and try "
4592,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it the most expensive dining option at a small town club.  that coats are amazing.  perfect.  back home, i tell everyone to go here.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and proper. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated parm and pepper flakes, but also hot oil. i also asked for a side of sauce (my pizza didn't have it on it) and they brought "
4593,5,Positive," Nice service and cheap prices makes it the best deal in town when it comes to eating out. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go "
4594,5,Positive," Nice service and price makes you comfortable.  will definitely return."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. they gave us whole pieces instead of taking out half or throwing it away. i think it tasted better the next day i faired."" ""i came here after receiving a free pizza at a yelp event.  assuming everything is covered, we should be good customers.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i came here knowing there would be a table "
4595,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes it a winner choice for a pizza simple and classic on the strip."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta "
4596,5,Positive," Nice service, affordable prices, what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arugula and spinach wraps and the server came by immediately upon placing our order and gave us both slices of hot pink cheese grrilla!  i can still taste the spicy bbq sauce and the garlic fries are perfectly seasoned and melted.  all i ordered was 1/2 chicken tender and they brought me a 2pc hot pink cheese grrilla cake!  which reminds me, i ordered a rainbow of cheesecakes and they delivered a mohito cookie to the table.  unfortunately, i don't think i ordered any strawberries or blueberries.  maybe tomorrow i'll come back and try those again.  anyway, i ordered "
4597,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes it a winner in my book club.<br />""><br /> I recently visited and was immediately struck by the ambience of the inside.  although the restaurant is enclosed, it has high ceilings and a pickup window which helped give it a vibe of being outside, particularly close to a fun beach location.  whether it's the thought of gourmet french fries seasoned with fresh herbs, I can definitely feel my appetite set on this tasty venture.    we also ordered a pizza dedicated to highlighting their specialty pizzas. my dear danny, i was intrigued by the pineapple pizza and surpisingly struck up a conversation with the owner as i looked to purchase one of the various flavors.  he kindly took me "
4598,5,Positive," Nice service and just a darn good pizza and i will most definitely return.  sliced thin pizza with high quality toppings makes it the best pizza i have had in arcadia area.    arcadia area is very walkable, and even though there is plenty of room to eat here, it would be nice to be a little bit more exclusive like posh nyc."" ""excellent thin crust pizza with awesome sauce and italian-style toppings. they also serve up a great wine and beer selection."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. place was packed on a saturday night but the waiters kept bringing us pizzas til we said we needed to go somewhere else.  we ended up "
4599,5,Positive," Nice service; all around a great experience. i really have no complaints."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry "
4600,5,Positive," Nice service and even better pizza and wings.  now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and wings, but they were gone by the time i got home.  so, you know, i'm impressed by how quickly they all came together.  i'll definitely come back and try that pizza again.  it's nice to have a classier, unpretentious wine and martini bar on the west side of town."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. tasty, cheap snacks (arugula). beautiful space - the decor is phenomenal "
4601,5,Positive," Nice service, and price makes a good deal.  goods and services  are  fair game."" ""every bit of this is delicious! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down.  the chicken philly with cheese gritters and shiraz is a must.  i have also tried the florentine pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms and olives, and the ''little'' pizza with pepperoni, sausage and onion. both were wonderful!  the owners and staff are very nice and friendly to their customers.  please come back and try their pizzas!  they are AMAZING!"" ""always a good pizza, always a good pizza.  tasty, cheap and pretty good "
4602,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices make it one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza. don't be turned off by the high price tag - the low-price formula that produces consistently good pizza pays off! if you just want to pick your own pie, that's your right audience!  if you want to try something different,  order a grilled cheese tomorrow and i'll be glad to oblige! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so "
4603,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner choice.  sign me up!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should "
4604,5,Positive," Nice service and outright friendly employees. all i will say is that i experienced no hostility whatsoever from anyone on my staff. that is what matters to me.  will definitely be back"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria. also, it's not grand, it's nice and it's leftovers."" ""delicious pizza! i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""i eat here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have "
4605,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes it a winner recipe. super affordable rent and very good food. what more could you possibly want."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. i mean, at least for a pizza liking this."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the "
4606,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes a good pizza affordable. decent slices, affordable prices. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison "
4607,5,Positive," Nice service, and relatively cheap - prices don't factor in all the luxuries of fancy that decorates downtown.    cocktails, after so many purchases you can expect to pay a little extra.  i suggest trying the mesclunner, it was so good!"" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.  "
4608,5,Positive," Nice service,cheap drinks, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had "
4609,5,Positive," Nice service and friendly pizzaiolo's. some of the best pizza in the city."" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i ordered a large pepperoni and salami and it was a tasty combo.  they give you a small slice with all the toppings you want.  i did notice that some orders have come in over an hour since they opened."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  anyways, we got a table at this restaurant a few months back and we were happy with the decision.  we wanted to try some new things, so we ordered a few apps to share as well "
4610,5,Positive," Nice service and take out is always good and quick.  advise visiting other cities for that reason alone."" ""excellent thin crust pizza with good toppings and an ok selection of local ingredients. take away a giant slice for $5!  absolutely the most affordable dining option at aria. and the monopoly machines are right there too!  absolutely the most luxurious dining option at aria. and the monopoly machines are right there too!  absolutely the most economically viable option at aria. and the monopoly machines are right there too!  absolutely the most affordable and environmentally responsible option at aria.  absolutely the most social and economically viable option at aria.  absolutely the most environmentally conscious and socially responsible option at "
4611,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for a large nugget of overcooked spaghetti is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i highly recommend people to bring their own napkins as they are extremely messy to clean."" ""my friends and i came in here for the first time. we ordered parmesan chicken with chili oil, garlic balls, and sausages. the chicken was amazing and it was so delicious! we thought it was so awesome we should make sure we made a review so you can see how we felt afterwards. my friends thought it was so awesome too! i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza you want to eat!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had "
4612,5,Positive," Nice service and all you can eat pizza and hot pockets are leftovers!"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the time. the specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. my friends "
4613,5,Positive," Nice service and ice cold one of nic's famous margarita pizza's.  on little surprise was the cesar salad. the owner shared that they make all their own margarita dressings so we had to give it a try spook good. give bruno a try and the only problem you'll have is trying to figure out when to return to try something different. ""it's been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i didn't have the best experience that time around, i must say that i've truly enjoyed my last three visits here! all of them have been for their brunch or lunch service. i've been able to try the deep fried french toast bites, bagna cauda, as "
4614,5,Positive," Nice service and affordable prices make this is a winner recipe for sure.  give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, a wide variety "
4615,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes you feel at home from the get go.  highly recommended!!!"" ""stopped in on a sunday afternoon and i could not resist a slice of pizza and a beer for $5. it turned out to be a good choice. i liked the pizza. it has a crispy crust and they really load up the toppings. it is also quite filling, giving it a homemade feeling. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being made, but it was safe to say that everyone is having a great experience. i will be back"" california dreamin pizza and meatball calzone were fresh and perfectly baked.  super yummy sauce. and the thick slice for under $ "
4616,5,Positive," Nice service, andhoiously good pizza . . . what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tips: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender "
4617,5,Positive," Nice service and prices can't be beat. this will be the ultimate go-to pizza place for a long cold night in downtown."" ""paella's is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core.  that said, this is as close as it gets to real italian pizza, which i have eaten plenty of in italy. that means, great crust, and no """"american"""" tomato sauce, but rather a good fresh, ground, uncooked tomato sauce that gets cooked in the oven. the pepperoni is not like you get in the us. it is sausage resembling more of a home made pepperoni with strong pork flavor. the mozzarella cheese is made fresh and the parmesan is real "
4618,5,Positive," Nice service and pricing ensures that it will be a great dinner for up to 8 people.  i highly recommend among friends or family to have the dinner of your dreams come dinner time."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  they carry a variety of canned sodas, "
4619,5,Positive," Nice service for $5! definitely worth a trip to bordele, it was well worth the money."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a dupeaki bowl. the pizza was fantastic and they were clearing the table to give us a hand shake. all i can say is i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza craving."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then alexander's pizza may be right for you. but if you like deep fried pizza, then alexander's really nailed it! we ordered a large deep fried garlic ball, an order that made us very happy, and then had the large pizza and extreme hot buns. i "
4620,5,Positive," Nice service. drinking game: if you want to be completely anonymous, don't order the pizza - you have to ask! but i'll bet a nice thick crust pizza with peppers, onions, and cheese on it is a very very tasty challenge indeed!   amazing pizza equally matched with an amazing menu. where do i even begin... im starving already and im craving some real pizza... i am forever grateful to have a pizza like this nearby."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the marg "
4621,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable price makes it the best pizza hoagie in pittsburgh."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.  cibo also has italian and greek entree meals that will please your palio con leche and your veggie pie will be a favorite of yours too.  cibo is fun, italian and greek themed, it's fun to hang out at for a drink, it's fun "
4622,5,Positive," Nice service and happy customers! all around a great experience. i highly recommend!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach and an order of their wings.  everything was amazing and we needed to go back and try those too.  we got lucky to be able to go here despite the bitterly cold weather.  we will definitely be back - maybe for lunch."" ""my boyfriend and i got lucky to be here.  we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  we walked right in on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, "
4623,5,Positive," Nice service and price makes it the best dive bar in arcadia valley. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different ."" "" what a wonderful brunch!  the egg white crepe appetizer is amazing, followed by the famous bacon/onion/egg hash brown.  delicious cold pressed juice, too.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to arcadia valley.  i want bacon more than anything!  if you are in search of fancy brunch food, go elsewhere -- I am sure there is something really great here for you."" "" we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courte "
4624,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner choice.  sign me up!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good! "
4625,5,Positive," Nice service and cheap prices makes this is a winner recipe.  we look forward to coming back and trying some more!"" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  fast, friendly, and the rent is reasonable.  it could be your new pizza destination.  yummy crust, big slices, and an awesome sauce.  all around a great pizza and a great value with a great experience.  well, you get the idea."" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you""""ll definitely notice that the decor, although clean and super comfortable "
4626,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for nachos is a good deal.  note: have they ever had nachos before?  my answer would be a resounding yes.  10 minutes walk from the plaza and you can have the exact same experience no matter the size of nachos.    10 min walk from the plaza and you can have the exact same experience no matter the size of nachos.    great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales "
4627,5,Positive," Nice service. safe place to eat.  ""discovered this place after hearing good things about it from a friend. we will be back. definitely a must go to for a quick bite during busy times. we ordered a large pizza and a small side salad. the pizza was awesome and they were a bit harsh on the price tag, but it was still good pizza and they were happy we ordered it.     other than that, we ate many  complimentary  salads and great breadsticks. i would really recommend this place to anyone! the service was great and the food yum. but the price was the best part.  we had wine, appetizers, salad and breadsticks and the price was  affordable enough to let us "
4628,5,Positive," Nice service and fair price all around a brilliant start. great start to a fantastic evening.  ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. the food is fun and tasty. i recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  plenty of parking."" this probably one of the best pizza i ever eaten. we order a large pepperoni and salami . it was so good. when im in town  again i will be coming here "
4629,5,Positive," Nice service, and prices are very reasonable.  noodles are cheap, yogurt is amazing, and the ham is delicious.  prices are very good, and the number of people eating the menu determines the price range."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. the pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it's the real deal. try the wing pizza or the blt pizza for something unique."" ""this pizza was very flavorful!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.   we got back to our room at excalibur "
4630,5,Positive," Nice service ok tuesday night so all is right"" my go to is a super yummy pizza with big slices and a fresh spinach topping and pasta sauce that is silky smooth and then they bring me a delicious tangy dipping sauce that is not too sweet or it will make me salivate. this is my new favorite place to eat after seeing yelp and other similar sites. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself! "
4631,5,Positive," Nice service and all you can eat pizza's should be considered a bargain basement price.   at least for the family of four i recommend this place for my next visit to toronto! i know it's expensive but trust me when i say that i've never spent more than $10 on a personal pizza.   that being said, i highly recommend 't.' their pizza is solid, their crust tasty, and the sauce delicious.  they even gave me a little souvenir tub of basil... i'll be saving that for last resort!"" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  "
4632,5,Positive," Nice service and even better pizza. arrived 15 minutes after closing time and the restaurant was open and functioning."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i think the family would agree with me when i say that this is a good, local, family owned business that i will be supporting til the very end.  for those of you who are wondering no i am not th owner but i am one of his best customers and will most definitely be back.  very happy i came here and i will definitely be back.  my only complaint is that i would really like to come back to try their house made pizza "
4633,5,Positive," Nice service along with great food. also they are a 10 in 1 off the street restaurant....wow."" ""frankly, i am very pleased with this restaurant. they have a great selection, great prices, and i enjoy supporting local companies.  my go to is a medium pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also very good! the margarita is good, too, but i prefer the milder version with more flavor.  and the sauce is pretty good on it's own.  i definitely recommend this place for any type of pizza, no matter what your style is."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (sal "
4634,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza, that's me.   you must try their meatballs and sauces. they are out of this world good."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to one of the many table service places that i went to while in town.  it is not hard to get to, and quite convenient to get to and from my room.    while many chains have gimmicks and 'variety at its finest', this one sticks to its guns and delivers in spades.  that may be hard on the stomach, but stick with it!  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food! "
4635,5,Positive," Nice service and fair price makes it the best pizza place in bls. now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks as they were so fresh and yummy!  but they were gone within minutes, gone within minutes, gone within minutes...at least for me.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your sweet tooth. the crust is fluffy, the cheese melts, the sauce is tasty, and the cheese is gooey. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy, and the edges of the wedges are perfectly baked and soft.   you want to ask me out for dinner?  how the heck are you gonna do that?  you can build me a "
4636,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes it a great go-to when ordering out.  ""ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i "
4637,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make this is a winner choice.  happily ever after!"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer in it, right next to it is a wine and martini bar, right next to it is a sushi bar, right next to it is a lively garde grille, and just steps away is a cocktail hour where you can mingle and grab a slice of the awesome. i was intrigued by the pizza place on the right, but walked up to the counter and ordered a pizza instead. they sure know how to keep their menu fresh and tasty.  they even gave me a slice of pizza that I could try once the event was over "
4638,5,Positive," Nice service and polite yet adamant alcohol consumption. all around a great experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to be awarded a table in the house by the restaurant's owner, who in turn gave us an awesome table quote.  we got lucky to have ordered from him because he always clears his plates ahead of time so we don't have to worry about that.  also, he always gives us a deal on drinks - usually a bottle of wine or beer for $2.50.  honestly, i feel like i'm back in california again, only with burritos and higher quality of tortillas.  my husband always gets lucky with his margarita either way.  i "
4639,5,Positive," Nice service guys. new york definitely has better pizza places than it does new york, but new york does them better and at a smaller scale.  that said, new york is still very much a work in progress and is likely to be improved upon time around."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your "
4640,5,Positive," Nice service and young, impressionable people.buzzi bears."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, crayons and a little play area in the corner with some toys and a chalkboard wall.  my girls both had the kids salami pizza and my only complaint would be that the salami was too spicy - we picked it off and they ate their cheese pizza happily.  my "
4641,5,Positive," Nice service, affordable price, whats the deal..."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. loud indoor patio party area. poor service and rude/aggressive patrons. will gladly bet my bacon please. ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. they lose a star because i felt nickel and dimed for everything. i ordered my pizza carry out and got charged for one ranch and hot peppers, and i almost got charged for a water cup because i wanted one with a lid but the guy behind the register was nice enough to just give it to me.  so after the gluten free crust (which i "
4642,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner choice.  highly recommend!"" ""went for my birthday dinner. so yummy! the decor is absolutely amazing. i fell in love, so classy, so chic, perfect for my bday celebration. i wanted pizza and what a good choice it was! we started with the chicken artichoke bruschetta! excellent. then had the four cheese pizza adding spinach. delicious. then they brought me a yummy dessert  i loved it!"" ""i ordered from here and i was a little skeptical. but the food came fast it was fresh and delicious plus the driver was very pleasant. the prices are very fair 2 pizzas for 20 bucks with delivery and 24 hour service. cant beat it. "
4643,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make a perfect storm.  bespoke serves italian-style thin crust pizzas on the rocks, thin crust chicken tenders, and soft crust pasta dinners.  they also serve up a lovely dessert  sherbet caramello.  in my opinion, handmade gelato is the closest thing to real scandinavian style gelato that i've had in arcadia area.  i'll be back; it is indeed hand made."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i recommend the white sauce for the best results, especially if you're a fan of thin crust pizza. the garlic bread with powdered sugar and roasted garlic is pretty good too, just a touch spic "
4644,5,Positive," Nice service and happy customers - this is what makes a great pizza and we will definitely be back! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other "
4645,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make this is a winner choice. try it out if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i ever been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza "
4646,5,Positive," Nice service, and surprisingly good pizza (most pizza places put out crappy pizza).  note: i know it's weird. i was expecting to eat at a stand alone location, but they give away is when you place your order. so after reading the menu and paying attention to the price tags, i decided to eat here again.  i should have taken a picture of the pizza and beer I ordered, since i was hungry and decided to eat here again.  all i ordered was water and a soda. i was so excited!  to start, we ordered a pizza and a salad. the pizza was so good! i can't wait to go back and try some more!  [youtube]http://www.youtube.com/watch "
4647,5,Positive," Nice service and prices can't be beat. this is the place to go to when you want to impress your date but are too much of a bum to go out and eat.  now that i think about it, the only reason i would ever go to mr. greek is because i know i will be back.  unfortunately, this is the place to order from when i am dining alone.  if you are planning on having a party, inviting the whole family or just giving it a try, i would highly recommendmr. greek!  i know i did.  now that i think about it, the only reason i would ever go to mr. greek is because i know i will be back.  "
4648,5,Positive," Nice service and really, really good pizza.  i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down."" ""we just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" ""this pizza was delicious.  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing "
4649,5,Positive," Nice service, and casual atmosphere. surprisingly good pizza too!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. this not really ny style as i was barely able to fold the thing, but it was all about that sourdough crust. in a surprise though, the "
4650,5,Positive," Nice service great pizza and awesome crust. feel free to bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and mingle that with the delicious crust and you've basically got the perfect mid-western slice of town."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day so we went in January. we were not disappointed! we had a beautiful patio table with a cozy space and managed to get a table through Airbnb.  we ordered mains and enjoyed them both very much.    i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregon for pizza, but the thought of bouncing from one table to the next after a long day excites me.   "
4651,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable price makes it a winner recipe. highly recommended."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" ""this pizza was so delicious!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving "
4652,5,Positive," Nice service and quick delivery of food is something i will definitely consider a feature of your pub.  i also wish i had a place to eat after dark at this location due to the increased number of people drinking heavily beforehand."" ""we decided to eat here again because i saw a yelp post about it and decided to give it a try.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant was pretty empty - tables were already filling up when we were leaving though.  i guess you can imagine our excitement when a customer walked in 10 minutes after us and said she saw us and wanted to come talk to us.  we ended up having a great conversation with her and she gave us a great deal on alcohol - probably the best deal i "
4653,5,Positive," Nice service and just being here was a blast from the old west.  yummy salami, cheesy, gooey, and completely unacceptable.  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of "
4654,5,Positive," Nice service and careful packing will make you a winner.  a winning combination!  all my friends have eaten here and they too agree that this is a great place to come back for more!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were so excited! we ordered a pizza, a generic pepperoni, salami, spinach, tomatoes, and garlic bread, and a salad. together we shared the pineapple ice cream, along with a generic olives, feta, and sausages. i was struck by how delicious everything was. we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a mediterranean pizza. very friendly and prompt servers! please come to pizzagate! "
4655,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable price makes this is a winner choice. recommend sharing one large salad with your table and adding a generous portion of to your entree.  we did not experience any of the issues you might see in a large restaurant, and the portions generous and indeed generous.  highly recommend!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and some good chicken tenders.  everything was delicious and we got to munch on some great pizza cheese on the side as well.  we will definitely be back"" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a gluten free pizza with no extra toppings for $7 "
4656,5,Positive," Nice service all around a fantastic product. i highly recommend. fav bbq chicken over pizza and any sandwich for that matter."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well-priced pizza. tasty, cheap snacks (arugula salad and melon). beautiful space - the decor is phenomenal for a counter-service place. much higher-end all around (quality of food, quality of ambience) than you'd expect for the price point - even the napkins were high-class! a phenomenal addition to downtown. go there immediately!"" ""about ten years ago i searched "
4657,5,Positive," Nice service. what more could you possibly want."" super yummy pizzas and salads!  unbelievable crust and toppings. everything is delicious! it's hard to find good pizza anywhere outside of new york but this is the best i have had so far.. im craving it right know. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very "
4658,5,Positive," Nice service and prices doesn't hurt either. places like this should be around for a long time."" ""it might be greek, but this market has something you will enjoy! trattoria calzones is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the glazed carrots and homemade garlic bread are amazons best friends. they are also very considerate of the environment they leave standing.  lots of great local craft beer selections as well as great global craft beer from around the world. the atmosphere and the service is simply wonderful. back home we loved supporting local bands like shoega, sweeet, and villager. give it a try if you are in the mood to make some delicious handmade pasta. i bet "
4659,5,Positive," Nice service and price makes it the best pizza and i've eaten at other places but this one really knows how to please."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine. alfredo island is a short walk from the waterfront, easy to get to, and has recently been open past midnight.  pizza slices are cheap and you can always get a table, it's just that on de la montagne right next to st. catherine is a pretty busy place after 7"" so we suggest walking there on a date or before going to bed."" ""i recommend this place for my pizza fix every time i am in the durham region.   "
4660,5,Positive," Nice service, and price doesn't matter to them. so if you want to drink, eat, and befriend the other drinkin' eatin' crowd then by all means do so. but if you want to impress those around you then show them your jacket, you ain't got nothing but good stuff there."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i had my pie and mains, and the thought of spending an entire evening sharing one pot noodles, broccoli florentine, and spinach with your family is just not feasible.  instead i focused on providing a delicious and fully floured crust with "
4661,5,Positive," Nice service and even cheaper w/o tip.  great place to eat after dark."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip is always appreciated) - otherwise known as ""the ding dong lounge"".  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to mad "
4662,5,Positive," Nice service and...cheese?"" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" which was $20 off.  we ordered pizza, a personal sized drink, and a small gourmet slice of garlic bread.  it was pretty good, honestly.  our pizza didn't have as much cheese on it, but it was still good.  we got to choose between pepperoni or parmesan, and the pizza was even better!!!  the slices are pretty big, too, so that's something we'll be checking out."" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area "
4663,5,Positive," Nice service from friendly servers. never once in my 38+ years of waiting for a server to help me feel welcome. definitely the best ny pizza place on this list to go!!!"" ""we love blackened chicken pizza! this is a great go-to when pizzaiolo is out. we also like the milder versions. the mild prosciutto and mushroom pizza is a great side with some cold fresh veggies. also delicious with some hummus on the side! we always have some leftovers!"" ""i gotta say the customer service here is pretty darn good. they always check up on us and if they don't see anything wrong with us they'll just give us a pat on the back.  also, the price is "
4664,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes it a winner choice.  perfect for a family get together dinner or party. 4cheers is a yummy place to come back for more!"" ""4cheers is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the negative reviews on this place's wait times and busyness should not count against it. this restaurant just opened no more than 5 months ago, it is located on the busy p83 strip with tons of people and near the arrowhead mall, and is only a moderate sized restaurant.  lots of people walk by here to get their pizza fix, some will love it and some won't, i don't understand but some people walk away grumbling about the wait and crowdedness "
4665,5,Positive," Nice service and all you ordered food is ready by the time you get there.  i highly recommend this place for any type of restaurant that requires fresh, local, organic, non-GMO ingredients."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon "
4666,5,Positive," Nice service and mediocre food. expect the unexpected. over all, it is a very hospitable place. we will be back to have more - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing "
4667,5,Positive," Nice service and sleek new york atmosphere. overall i am extremely pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. the pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it's the real deal. try the wing pizza or the blt pizza for something unique."" ""this pizza was very flavorful!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and decided to call this place.  it was "
4668,5,Positive," Nice service and fantastic pizza and all the while saving you money by not having to sell produce. who on earth would spend $20 on a large ny style slice of pizza they won't be back? i highly recommend this place for any ny style pizza lover."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are "
4669,5,Positive," Nice service while enjoying one of paradise's best restaurants.  now on to the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly for before a big night out. it was not uncommon when i worked there for groups of 8 to show up with a couple of boxes of wine and have a great time before hitting the night life. now i happen to prefer a better quality to drink myself, but love that this joint is casual enough to cater to that crowd and nice enough to suit my needs as a young professional as well.   the white pizza (5-cheese) is a "
4670,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable priced casual dining. we enjoyed our first time there.   would endorse if you're looking for a nice break from the gridiron noise and gelato we so richly enjoy.   we will, however, happily entertain your entree request without reservation."" ""i was surprised by how well the pizza tasted !  we are regular customers and have come here many times.    i usually order the white pie and have ordered from this place three times previously.  they always have good pizza or very good pizza.  i preference the white pie because it is cheaper and has better quality pizza.   the other two pies are decent, but not great.  i prefer the rich tomato sauce because "
4671,5,Positive," Nice service and just generally a good yummy pizza. who else sells you a brand new, unaltered, uncooked cheese pizza? i say if you wanna be a bit healthier and have a nice slice of pizza, try a slice of unprocessed cheese."" ""i was recently in town and decided to stop in and have dinner with my wife.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing mature flavor.   they also carry a variety of canned sodas, which was very interesting to me as i've never had a soda flavored with marijuana. "
4672,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make this is a winner choice.  happily we have found a new pizza parlor to eat at for the foreseeable future."" ""they bring you the pizza you specify you want to eat with the tag that you specify! my pizza was bomb, garlic balls were delicious, and the wedges that came with the pizza was delicious. good ol' fashioned thin crust pizza. they slice it up according to your preference and you get a personal pizza with that hot pink sauce.  i recommend this place for anything from thin crust pizza to very thick crust pizza, and anything in between.  you must try it!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake "
4673,5,Positive," Nice service and tasty pizza all around. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). minus the salad because i was in the mood for salad, but it was still delicious. minus the mozzarella cheese we want because we want it more like real fresh goat cheese, which it is, but i think its more fun to eat that way. minus the sauce because i wanted to be extra healthy and was told it comes with powdered cheese. you really can't tell the difference unless you eat the pizza raw.  minus the salad because i was too lazy to make my own "
4674,5,Positive," Nice service and kebabs everywhere you look. ?delicious? 7.50 - check in on friday and check you received a coupon.  apparently they are giving away for those who enter at 11:59 on friday.  therefore if you don't see a deal on that day, you can always try again tomorrow.  10 bucks front seat dinner for two is a pretty good deal.  ten bucks gets you a table for two and a share of soda by the bottle.  i highly recommend trying the diavola pizza and the white pizzas, as well as the florentine pizza for some unusual flavors.  if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting that with a nicer wine and/ "
4675,5,Positive," Nice service and just a very busy and compact location makes it difficult to please everyone. so we ask that you please consider leaving your drink at the bar and coming here instead! we look forward to seeing you here!"" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a sal's special pizza and an order of bread with cheese. and i must say that both of the pizzas were great! the garlic bread with cheese was delicious and went well with the spicy jalapeno aioli.  the bread with cheese was also delicious and went well with the spicy jalapeno aioli.  i will definitely come back and try those too!  if you are already inside and looking for a "
4676,5,Positive," Nice service and quick delivery.  perfect location across the street has been turned into a trendy downtown lounge with trendy, trendy, trendy tapas playing on the side offering incredible house-made libations.  turned into a trendy little cocktail lounge with trendy, trendy, funky outdoor space and trendy, trendy, trendy millennial tablecloths.  tables top and bottom lined with sparkly, white, and pink sparkly, white, and pink sparkly, white, and blue.  cameo from the cocktail hour before the concert.  look at all the drink options - you name it, we've got it!  i went with the wine and it was tasty too, though i wasn't overly impressed by the "
4677,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza, let me tell you that's saying a lot huh?"" ""we ordered takeout Friday and we were a little skeptical. we've ordered from dominos, chain restaurants, and mr. greek pizza, and while i understand their thinking, i can't help but think that it may have been a little pricey.         when my husband and i first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a party of 5+ - for just me and my husband we were sat right away. large families/parties need to realize that places that have just opened up are going to be super busy and have long wait times - its common sense. we sat at a small side "
4678,5,Positive," Nice service, affordable prices, whats the scoop?"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week. the workers there were friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  i got a slice of their white chapel pizza (ricotta and spinach) "
4679,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza. it also happens to be the one we all requested to try.  we ordered a large pizza and an order of bread with tomato sauce. the large pizza was delicious and they delivered it to our table. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings because i was hungry and there was no bread with tomato sauce on it. they gave it to me neat and i took a bite... guess i'll just give it a try brooding over the menu while waiting for my order to come back is kind of boring.   either way, we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 and got ready for bed. we were pretty zen out when we walked in though "
4680,5,Positive," Nice service and friendly proprietor. always willing to laugh and make you laugh. do yourself a favor and place an order today! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad "
4681,5,Positive," Nice service and certainly friendly and fast. i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down."" ""every once in awhile a gem that i have found along the way. i was looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we continued to look at the menu that it had a link to.  it said they were open so we called in our order.   large cheese pizza and 1/2 chicken parm hoag "
4682,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes it the best damn pizza in town."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was "
4683,5,Positive," Nice service again. why don't they open another one next door too so we can have some more pizza and/or sald, or sald uom..."" ""sucks!!! totally sucks!!!! sucks that i can't change what i get regularly there. so good i get the same thing every time and some how taste better every time! will keep going back again and again. every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well "
4684,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make this is a winner choice. go ahead and make your reservation, you wont be sorry!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part "
4685,5,Positive," Nice service and prices means the world to a neighborhood that just opened up its own pizza place about a year ago.  they must have known hand making this pizza would be a hit since 3-5 year olds come to this site and eat there.  i bet they payed attention too since my dad had me today (5/19/16)  and i (5/22/16) - ate 5 whole pizzas, lots of sauce, and a huge slice of sourdough crust topped with goat cheese, onions, and peppers.    words cannot express how happy i was by the slice of pizza i took home - and i was only paying $5.99 for a large pizza.  i would highly recommend this place "
4686,5,Positive," Nice service. everyday is great."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to a table at a table through go-getter.  i ordered my pizza and a packet of mayo.  the pizza was delicious and they carried on talking during the entire order process.  i may have skipped the pepperoni if i was more comfortable with a pizza that didn't require me tolly my preference as to whether or not to pay extra for extra toppings.  unfortunately, my tolerance for late night pizza has now extended to midnight to 1am."" ""wow. i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they only have mini pizzas, but wow were they good. i mean, look at that pizza. it was amazing. i "
4687,5,Positive," Nice service and quick delivery. their is a $5 tip for the convenience store cashier.  i do wish another location opened up near us since we would definitely eat at this location if we could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk.  anyways, we got our order in and were happy with the pizza. the 10pc chicken finisher was tasty and they give you a choice of cheese on the side - sp?)  we got lucky & got a table even though it was tentatively scheduled to close.  we were hoping to speak with the manager to discuss closing times & to confirm that they'd opened as far as we could tell.  we were a bit skeptical when my boyfriend took me by the hand and led me through "
4688,5,Positive," Nice service and careful packing will make you a favorite over the street deli."" ""pizza, pizza, pizza. so good we ate in two. we went during the day, and the pizza was a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheeses. we also ordered a pepperoni and salami . . ."" ""i thought it would be cool if i ordered a pizza with pepperoni and sausage on it. well, i guess you could say i was right and iino's is indeed italian pizza with spicy salami and sausages... but there was more to it. think tower pizza with spinach, cucumber and tomatoes; or a thin crust chicken and spinach --- it was not hard to give.   i liked "
4689,5,Positive," Nice service and perfect pizza. used to work great but haven't looked back since opening night. very happy we came here ."" "" this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  probably the best beer cave i've ever had.  thanks to eric for wonderful pizza and to john for bringing us to this awesome place."" "" awesome pizza, awesome wings, and the best salad and pizza in the state!  we had the forager and the veggie pizza and the crust was very good.  also, the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too.  thanks so much!"" "" i thought everything was fantastic!  "
4690,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner in my book club.  they also give away cards for contest winners.  a unique combination which I will discuss in a later post.    food:  good service: pleasant buenos oio:  okay ambiance: trendy worth the money?: yes"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot "
4691,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes it the best value for money pizza place in scottsdale. if you are ever in scottsdale, you must go to mr. pizza. i will confidently say that you will not found a better pizza place in scottsdale, either."" ""mr. pizza is a little disappointing. i would buy from them again but i don't know if i am going to try it. the wings are good too, just a touch oily. the pizza is good, maybe better than some of the competition at a distance. the dough is too thick, maybe too chewy. but still good. the chicken tenders are very good, maybe the best i have had in arcadia area. i "
4692,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes this is a winner recipe for sure.  good place to come back again and again."" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my boyfriend and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and have never been disappointed.   we love the theme of oregano's. we always order delivery or take delivery orders to order.   when i say take delivery to order, i really mean order take out.  there's no table inside so you have to order from the menu.   "
4693,5,Positive," Nice service, and surprisingly tasty pizza. instead of spreading the wealth on toppings they went all snobby on the prices.  they were generous with the toppings they chose, giving them a nice BIG slice with extra fried onions, and sausages(??) pile on the toppings she chose and it was delicious.  they also gave me a jar of sauce to take with me when I headed out.  i don't know if i would have chosen any of the flavors if i could have had more choices.  anyway, i have to say that i am very pleased with this pizza; it is quality, fresh, and tasty.  i will be back; it is worth the trip!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner "
4694,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza. did i mentioned the garlic knots were amazing? and the mozzarella cheese was gooey and melted? sometimes a little on the rich side but for the most part it was a great product. also they give you a golden crust instead of a regular cheese grater.  this taste better than heck!"" ""the pizza was really good! they add their own mozzarella cheese which is great because i'm sweet like that.  they also add tomato slices and pineapple wedges which was very tasty.  we got lucky and got a table as i was visiting from california... i gotta say i was quite impressed by their selection of pizza's!"" ""while shopping in the strip, "
4695,5,Positive," Nice service and nice pizzas.  can't complain -- all's well.  on the whole, it's a good choice."" ""pop up pizza is a fun and clever idea that pays off handsomely. Located in the plaza hotel, it's near the sports book, which was a plus for me.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week.    i ordered the mushroom pizza and myself. the crust was thin and perfect really, but the topping were too mild for my tastes. i prefer adding a splash of tomato sauce to the mushroom mixture before diving in. but there was no harm in sharing one with your table as it was so good! we "
4696,5,Positive," Nice service, and pricey. if you can stomach the $5 large ny style slice, you got damn lucky!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors.  plenty of outdoor space.  take out or room to sit and have some fun! ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical "
4697,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make you feel at home from the start.  ATM's are conveniently located next to each other so you can withdraw up to 5 bucks.  during warmer weather, this is one of the best patios around.  i really want this place to succeed.  this location has been cursed by so many failed restaurants.  in my opinion, this place should be around for a long time.  it's nice to have a classier, unpretentious wine and martini bar on the west side of town."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" ""awesome, well "
4698,5,Positive," Nice service and friendly pizza place to order from.  now onto the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly for before a big night out. it was not uncommon when i worked there for groups of 8 to show up with a couple of boxes of wine and have a great time before hitting the night life. now i say enjoy, but i highly recommend this pizza for everyone between 13 and 24 years old.  pizzas are great thin crust, crispy crust cooked to perfection in-house using fresh ingredients. now for the cheese pizza's... i highly recommend sharing one small, medium "
4699,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes it one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza. ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  seats recline and food is served here.  based on previous reviews i was afraid to order food from their pizza place so i have no opinion on the food.  the movie experience was great though."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had "
4700,5,Positive," Nice service another on the left as you enter the space.  a little disconcerting we were told by one of our server's that there was no right or left lane for ordering.  we ordered the pizza we loved it so we stuck with the pizza that had mushrooms so we could taste them and onions.  they were awesome!  super yummy, crispy crust and topped with baby pepperonis, great on the go breakfast!  i definitely recommend this place for any pizza craving or just because it's nice enough to eat in the middle of tuesday and sunny day."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially "
4701,5,Positive," Nice service, and prices are very reasonable.  sort of a hidden gem of a condominium building."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a.k.a. the strip.  a.k.a. the pie.  a.k.a. the grill.  a.k.a. the bbq sauce.  a.k.a. the veggies.  a.k.a. the meatballs.  a.k.a. the mozzarella.  a.k.a. the rest of the pizza.  a.k.a. the rectangle pizza.  a.k.a. the "
4702,5,Positive," Nice service, and...well, you get the idea."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to be hungry after a long night of drinking and ended up getting two slices of cheese pizza and a large salad.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""while some may scoff at the idea of a vegetarian pizza, i believe this concept will one day become a staple at a local watering hole.  think sharing one slice with your table, only to be disappointed when you ask for extra sauce.  instead of throwing a tantrum, i suggest you let them know you're fine with letting you try their pizza whenever you'd like.    after so many places around us "
4703,5,Positive," Nice service. all around a great experience. a beautiful restaurant with a transforming roof.""  ""it's really nice inside, but it's really expensive outside. so, we ordered pizza and taco shells together. i was happy with the pizza, but the taco shells were a different story. they were extremely disappointing. i can't even remember which one i ordered. they must have been on the pricey side, because i ordered a 6-pack. and there was more to come. unfortunately, i can't give you the taco shells at this time. but i will say that they were very tasty, and went well with the pizza. i definitely recommend this place for any style pizza you like!"" ""it may be little....but this market has "
4704,5,Positive," Nice service yummy pizza and happy hour!!! :)"" my wife and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and an order of bread with cheese bread and salad. the pizza was fantastic and we loved the garlic bread with sautéed onions and spinach. the garlic bread was delicious and the little salads were lovely and garlicky. we loved the crust and how it was made. i bet this will be our family spot for many years to come!"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.   i won't go into all the details but "
4705,5,Positive," Nice service and nice pizza and wings and everything is awesome. caught a few after the show and they looked like they had just arrived from california. will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a fairly typical pizza : low-cal, medium pizza with good toppings and an ok selection of meats. it also has a nice kick with the sauce. i recommend trying the more """"special"""" toppings, which are often limited. ""best pizza in the strip at least"". that is the only reasonable response you can make when trying the pizza.   best pizza place in las vegas  they really pulled this off. they really put themselves out there and they delivered on time, equipment, and the pizza was great "
4706,5,Positive," Nice service attentive and quick checkout.  bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go get the usual tuesday deal to us the dead give away was when the man over the phone had asked us what kind of large soda we would like and when my boyfriend had asked "
4707,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza and beer pairing."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh fruits and topped with real roasted peppers, all with fresh mozzarella, parmesan, and baby pepper leaves!  this nachos are to die for!  they're to die for how can you not to eat them all?  well, at least for the first time i've actually liked a hot ch "
4708,5,Positive," Nice service and only $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza.  i highly recommend this place for any pizza lover."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas "
4709,5,Positive," Nice service, and surprisingly tasty (in my opinion) pizza.  note: if you're eating at a table bring your own umbrella or matzo ball. i suggest leaving room for your table to munch on those tasty mintz wagyu! i definitely recommend drizzling that with some mozzarella cheese, and eating it plain with romesco or ricotta.  if you ask nicely and waiters treat you like a champ you can ask for a pepperoni slice and if you're a regular at wagyu you can even ask for a real pepperoni slice and be given one!  drizzling with olive oil on top is also great, but i prefer adding some to my pizza after it's been heated through and then "
4710,5,Positive," Nice service. the place is packed in the evening even on weekdays. superb price/value on food and drinks. located across 215 about 20 minutes from the strip in the suburbs of las vegas. if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  there are not many destinations for cab drivers in this part of vegas so they do not like driving one way without a fare to pick you up.    if you are open-minded and want to try something different, you should consider going to a wine and art district location and trying the gluten free crust bread with hummus.  you will thank me for that unforgettable crust once you dig into the crostini."" ""delicious "
4711,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i don't know why more chile houses don't convert to serving pizza exclusively, to save money."" ""chilis are so good!  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  also environmentally sustainable, as far as pizza goes, which is kind of important.  a big thumbs up!"" ""addon's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the negative reviews on this place's wait times and busyness should not count against it. this restaurant just opened no more than 5 months ago, it is located on the busy p83 "
4712,5,Positive," Nice service.  yes, it's expensive, but it tastes even better the next day!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is absolutely amazing and the garlic bread is to die for! i also tried the housemade pie, which is just spicy pepperoni. ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i thought it would be more casual... maybe. but it was not to me.  sleek, new york style counter seating with awesome beer selections.  on second thought, maybe i should have clicked a little closer to the photo to make sure it was all accurate.  but once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  "
4713,5,Positive," Nice service and bargain basement price makes it the best deal in town. good place to eat after dark."" ""belgian bars mr. cheese is a good go-to for a slice of late night pizza in pacific city. it's also a fun place to check a brew day hangover.   mixed beers on tap and some breadsticks for diavola pizza connoisseurs. i recommend the white pizza and the grilled garlic bread."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this is by far the best pizza i ever had and the staff is very friendly.   i also tried the helga pizza "
4714,5,Positive," Nice service and price makes it the best deal in town. 5 stars for sure!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, "
4715,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes this is a winner choice.  will definitely be back"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty sauces. great crust.  quebecois beware. there aren't handfuls of toppings, the quebecois couple we invited with us once were shocked to see the over-the-counter beer cooler where they bought their beers. i can't remember their names but they were a regular and "
4716,5,Positive," Nice service good price when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.  of course, all this hype makes me want to overeat, so next time I'm feeling generous I might try a slice of pepperoni pizza. :)"" delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back "
4717,5,Positive," Nice service.  all around a great experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, some good chicken tenders, and the gluten free garlic bread appetizer.  everything was delicious!  also, the cesar salad was delicious -- very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.  everything was delicious!  cesar was a little harsh on the mouth, but his pizza was excellent and the garlic bread was gooey and delicious.  easily one of the best pizza places i been to.  everyone is very friendly and prompt even though this is a large restaurant.  highly recommend!"" ""from time to time, "
4718,5,Positive," Nice service, top notch pizza and the best pizza possible (within reason) on a very tight budget. they even gave me a slice of their wings which i will definitely enjoy. but for god's sake don't spend $25+ on a house-made pie. a truly superb 6 months ago i would have probably gone with the 7-Eleven route and ordered from there, but i couldn't resist a slice of their white pie and a large bottle of cabernet. i'm not really a fan of cabernet, but the peppers are really to die for.   the pizza is also really, really good. i can't wait to try it!   it's not coccia house, but what is.""  "
4719,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for hitting up a monday morning? how can you resist that?!  we ordered the grilled cheese sticks, mushroom pizza and greek salad. the pizza was amazing and they must have meant to say they were handmade because the wrapper was different each time we pressed a button.  we wish that we ended up getting a whole though, that is for sure.  the sampler platter was equally delicious, and we got one for the night (of course we wanted two after all) so we ordered them both.   while the pizza may not have been perfect, at least it was well done and they received a nice tip for their trouble.    on to the food! the pizza was delicious, and "
4720,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes this is a winner choice.  highly recommended!!"" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i left feeling very full and bloated from the carb rush. i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""my wife and i are vegans and this is the best damn pizza she's ever had!  amazing sauce, amazing crust and they blow it off the chain restaurant level with the quality of food they serve.  we have been here three times and have never been let down.  restaurant is always clean and super convenient to me since i live alone and prefer to eat in there "
4721,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner choice.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the strip. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go get the usual tuesday deal to us the dead give away was when the man over the phone had asked us what kind of large soda we would like and when "
4722,5,Positive," Nice service, fast shipping! recommend us to your next event!"" ""we were there early for dinner on a wednesday and we were lucky to get a table inside as it was not open that day. we ordered the standard deep dish with garlic balls and they came with a delicious garlic bruschetta!  we also ordered a salad and it was delicious too! very heavy handed security guards obviously don't want their backs uncovered so we'll be back to try their deep dish."" ""i was amazed by the number of people who showed up to our table! obviously there was some sort of celebration going on and we were lucky to get a table though. we sat on a bench a few rows back and while some people were playing video games we "
4723,5,Positive," Nice service and certainly not the sexiest looking, but it got the job done.  good on ya if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun.  if you really want to go all snobby on the pizza, but dont want to walk away without a smoke, we recommend hitting up fixedn 4 p.m. on friday and slapping yourself right back in.  after all, its not like you got a free pizza, imogen, but if you havent ordered from us and are feeling generous, you can always return and we'll wager your pizza "
4724,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient server "
4725,5,Positive," Nice service while enjoying the crust.  ambiance is cozy and modern decor. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant "
4726,5,Positive," Nice service and honest pizza's every step of the way. all the while promoting healthy eating and supporting local businesses. most importantly i want to commend you on working as a team and achieving your personal goals. it's rare to find a pizza place that treats its employees properly and we all want to be involved in helping make this the next great chicago tradition."" ""fell in love with this place. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings and no sauce. it was so delicious i ate the whole thing myself! it was so tasty too, but i preferred the little taste of the spicy salami and garlic bread that came with it. their sauces were really tasty, too. we will definitely be back!"" ""i heard this "
4727,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient server "
4728,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make a good pizza a must."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  i once got a special order pizza from the oven while i was gone and it was awesome.   the other day i came across a post on yelp about a man selling his pizza as is, and i thought it was a great idea so i decided to give it a "
4729,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it the best pizza in town."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  we decided to get a pizza and greek salad along with some tzatziki.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant was very packed.  we decided to get outside and order some pizza instead.  unfortunately we didn't wait to long and we ate the pizza we came in looking forward to trying the greek salad later in the evening.  my wife got a slice of the pepperoni pizza she ordered and i got a slice of the dark pizza i ordered and a box of tahitian treats.  my wife said that they were very good and that they were a nice change of pace from the usual pizza "
4730,5,Positive," Nice service and chilled beverage price makes it the best value when it comes to a glass of wine and a strong meal.   we highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it will be very filling."" ""i highly recommend this restaurant for any type of celebration, from corporate functions to special occasions. from the food you get, you can customize it to your exact needs and desires. from the drinks, you can customize your own blend to suit your exact lifestyle and needs. from the decorations, you can create your very own disco ball mat, complete with fluffy white fluffy white snowflakes for dipping. from the pizza, you can make your own crust and toppings to order. from the theme of your choice, you "
4731,5,Positive," Nice service and take out on the strip if you must.  certainly worth a visit if you're looking for a fresh, tasty, relatively affordable, and quite tasty pizza (had I mentioned that?).   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, ph "
4732,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it the best pizza in town!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  it was a nice break from the normal pizza menu.  we chose between the mushroom pizza and the spinach plantar- fold.  the pizza was terrific and they lent us a few slices before bed.  i definitely recommend this place for your everyday pizza fix."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had my first slice and can't wait to go back and try it "
4733,5,Positive," Nice service and friendly pizza place to order from. all pizza is perfect."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is "
4734,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make you happy.  keep coming back cuz it's awesome."" ""it's been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i didn't have the best experience that time around, i must say that i've truly enjoyed my last three visits here! all of them have been for their brunch or lunch service. i've been able to try the deep fried french toast bites, bagna cauda, asado plate, jamon crudo pizza, and during big taste their feature breakfast burger.  today i ordered one of the lunch features which was a pizza that featured roasted chicken and crispy chicken skin on top! like what, who does that?! the crispy chicken skin is what sold me and "
4735,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make a good pie affordable. let's be honest; i have never had a bad experience at all with them. best part? the quality of the food is second to none. have you ever visited a fresh fruit and vegetable market and not seen the fresh produce just sitting there? i think its because they are fresh that they produce so much of it, their own blend of spices and vegetables. fresh produce is the new york way of cooking and i'm glad we got to try it.  now on to the food!!!   first time trying the florentine pizza with prosciutto and sausages and it was delicious! i'll be back again and again!!  standing by for another round "
4736,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes ya gourmet.  i'll bet everyones tastes differ b4 they walk in with a platter and a half order n things like that.  prices also varies by state.  if you are ever in cleveland  make sure to stop by and say hi!  i'll definitely stop back in.  i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were "
4737,5,Positive," Nice service and casual atmosphere. so many things going on here. i can't help but get swept up in the moment and enjoy every minute of it.  a place that i highly recommend! (((lovely place)))?"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! "
4738,5,Positive," Nice service all around a great product. i love it."" ""it's not the prettiest venue in town, but it's one of the best kept secrets when it comes to pizza in gilbert.  that doesn't mean everything is perfect, but the back wall is covered in fan-made art and adorned with posters of their most popular tuesday shows.  if you're lucky enough to get a table inside, you can get a table for 2 for only $5!  pretty impressive, eh?"" ""i thought everything was fantastic!  i ordered a spezzo with extra sauce, extra cheese, and it came with a giant slice of pure bliss!  delicious music, fantastic crust, and the most amazing cheese - it was "
4739,5,Positive," Nice service and most importantly, you wont be disappointed."" ""parents took me here during a school outing. we arrived 45 minutes before closing time and we waiteders kept coming in. we assumed they were busy so we walked over and they told us they were open til we told them not to.  so we did.  about 20 minutes later we asked for the garlic knots and they brought some with no problem.  no one complained but we will definitely come back and/or make this a family affair.    the owner was friendly and even gave us some unsalted butter.  we will definitely come back here.    if you are a first-timer and looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a "
4740,5,Positive," Nice service and excited students make sure you are taken care of.  look out for the awesome pizza Xl (18"" pizza). yum yum!"" 5 stars!!! pizza was delicious and the kids were very happy. highly recommend! ""follow the link above and you'll be able to buy tickets to the upcoming gilbert pitt lecture tour. i'll be attending that too. if you're unable to attend that event, you can always buy a ticket through gilbert.com.  if you don't see him, that's your conference room, not here."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the "
4741,5,Positive," Nice service and... of course, they serve dessert!  After seeing britney sticks a go-to at a festival, i knew it had to be good.   we got lucky! we ordered a strawberry shortcake and a chocolate chip cookie - and both were excellent!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with powdered sugar, all of the ingredients made perfect truffles.  i would order those again.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with powdered sugar, all of the ingredients made perfect truffles.    rustic wooden tableside tables are lined with artful candelabras, creating a cozy ambiance "
4742,5,Positive," Nice service and what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the ambrosia appetizer and the amelia appetizer. the steak was fantastic and they were all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the flavors there were amazing. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings as they aren't really cooked that way. they were "
4743,5,Positive," Nice service and fair price makes it a winner choice. go try it, you wont be disappointed!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's.   the pittsburgh cheese pizza and the deep dish are to die for.   the to-go window is a nice touch you can add to your on-the-go meal.   you can also bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food.  i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's even better the "
4744,5,Positive," Nice service and prices doesn't hurt either. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers "
4745,5,Positive," Nice service and mediocre food. let me say upon arrival of our food i was shocked by how good the cheesesteaks were!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a great inspiration!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when "
4746,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza. they even gave me a handmade mozzarella cheese pizza which I absolutely adored. in my opinion, this is the best pizza in town."" ""yuummmmm!!! we went during the warmer weather to celebrate Hanukkah.  we ordered a lot of food, and some seriously impressive pizza.  everything was amazing!  we got the garlic knots as an appetizer, the diavola pizza with spicy salami and sausages, the symbol of friendship between a man and a woman, and the spicy salami pizza with sausage and garlic.  everything was amazing and we will definitely go back!    we got lucky and got a table, but it would have been nice "
4747,5,Positive," Nice service and even better chicken tenders. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
4748,5,Positive," Nice service, excellent pizza and at a small price, so so good you won't want to leave town.  on little surprise, i left feeling yummy too.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. "
4749,5,Positive," Nice service and...cameo as the bartender mr. please accept my sincere apologies for not only not having your business sign, but for not having your business as a result.  all i ordered was water and the i think you would agree that was a good apology.  my water bottle was half full and i suspect that your water is somewhat similar.  in my opinion, your pizza did not meet our expectations and we will be contacting you to discuss our next course of action."" ""i have been going to the rwb in mesa since it opened and the food is pretty darn good.  as a vegetarian i have tried every possible combination of food on the menu that is vegetarian, but i typically will just stick to the pizzas "
4750,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes utah house a piece of cake.  damn.  frosted flake would also appreciate a try.  i dare say i am one of few people who has ever tried both.  after all, who says you can't have both at once?  frosted flake is such a versatile cake, and i use it both ways (with and without the chocolate chips).    note: i don't think i am limited to just one type of frosted flake, as delicious as it is to have a variety on hand.  i also carry a variety of sauces to choose from, as well as a few complete cheeses.  any one of these cheeses could be great fall recipes, but "
4751,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make a perfect circle. yummy pizza, fries, hummus and hummus cheese, lots of salad and a small salad, lots of sauce, just a wonderful balance of tastes. who on earth would ever think they could build a business around eating pizza, let alone one that delivers? let me tell you though, i did notice that a customer that came in and ordered 15mins after me received her order before me so i don't know if she received special treatment because she's a regular or that my pizza just took longer to cook lol.  if you haven't been here, i highly recommend going now that it's officially opened night club season. honestly, this place should be around for a long time.  this place should "
4752,5,Positive," Nice service and cheap prices make it a winner among the strip clubs that line fremont between 64 and 70.  that ain't saying much, amirite?"" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star hawaiian pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza.  the one here is it.  the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies to all of their pizza too. but the pineapples were the perfect size "
4753,5,Positive," Nice service and just overall good food. a 5-star rating from our server and 5-star from our guests would be a tall order indeed.  we'll be back!"" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients "
4754,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
4755,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar coffee experience."" ""rapid bus"" is one of the best pizza places in montreal. italianstyle thin crust pizza that will squash your late night craving. the staff is always friendly and happy to laugh with you.  try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and "
4756,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza, that is for sure. we had the pork wings which had a smokey sweet bbq sauce. they were amazing. the pizza was around 12 inches and was about medium/thin thickness. it is pricey and i highly recommend guests over 31 to at least eat in and try the pizza if you must.  we did notice that the wine selection was eclectic and i enjoyed asking questions. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in "
4757,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i don't know if i would order that again.  except that i totally would if i could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got together some friends and headed straight for the pizza part.  we were hoping to go a little further up the strip, but realized there was no perfect pizza area.  We ended up getting two slices of pepperoni pizza and a large slice of pepperoni pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really proud of them both!  really tasty pepperoni and good sausage."" ""while it's not the best pizza "
4758,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner choice.  would also endorse the spaghetti and meatballs, so so tender the meatballs fall apart with a fork and the pasta collapses with a spoon.   love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.   fantastic pizza and socially conscious -- we just found our new go-to pizza place."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratw "
4759,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for a large ny hand carved slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
4760,5,Positive," Nice service cappuccino boy.   all items ordered until ready to go.  food is delicious, hipster-turned-friendly servers keeping it casual.  piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core.  will definitely be back for another go-around."" ""piola is near guy, a few blocks away from langhorne and dufferin.  we got lucky to find a good pizza place near by and we were not disappointed.    the margherita pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion was very good.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese, and topped with baby pepperonis, all of "
4761,5,Positive," Nice service and certainly a better value with the coupon.  30-day free shipping on most orders over $50. works great for me.  good place to eat after a night of drinking."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck......spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" "
4762,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes it the ideal place to eat, wine and socialize.  note that it's cash only so bring some cash too!"" ""i stopped in here for a slide and a soda one day and was very pleased. this is real deal great pizza, plus a great atmosphere and fair price. i have also since learned that this pizza is the go-to for many local businesses, who all swear by it for their pizza needs."" ""with all the talk of rocky's, toppers and ian's, this place has in my opinion the best pizza... i've not tried their regular pizza, but their chicago stuffed style is the best i've had in madison.  and their sandwiches are very "
4763,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
4764,5,Positive," Nice service. if you like solid pizza and want to try something a little bit different, that's your opinion."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week. the workers there were friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  i got "
4765,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable price makes it the best pizza parlor on de la montagne just under st. catherine. if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  there are not many destinations for cab drivers in this part of montreal.  therefore, you better believe they will pick you up.  we waited 30+ minutes for a cab to pick us up and only arrived at around 5:30 when we were ready to go out.  i am a huge fan of this place and will be back.  the place is cool and happy. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 "
4766,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal, especially if they have hotcakes."" ""my wife and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a salad, and a medium salad for under $50 bucks and it was fantastic! the pizza was great and they took great care of us making sure we were taken care of throughout the entire meal.  we will definitely come back and try other things.   food is excellent, affordable, and tasty.  high quality and fast service.  amen!"" ""bring a chair by the name of james pieck and a glass of wine by the name of peretti!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other "
4767,5,Positive," Nice service along with cheap what's on the dia. and oh so yummy pizza. who doesn't love a good hack from my waitressing days and a good thin crust pizza at that? it's not cheap though so if you're a first-timer or just want a lighter lunch, I recommend grabbing a table earlier in the day."" ""i stopped in here for a slide and a soda one day and was very pleased with the pizza and service they provided. i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really tasty! the margarita is also really tasty! i really got just a plain pizza, but there was more to it.  crayons and a little "
4768,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a bit of a bargain.  also, note that the chile relleno is an order rather than a combo, so don't be turned off by the lack of calories).  we will continue to go back!"" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.    "
4769,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a good deal.  note: i had the exacto pizza - juicy, not burnt. i highly recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.  also note that according to google, tamale is the most popular dish on this island - and we all know it's not us as we ate little plates of the much loved cornmeal with salsa and rice.  tequila shots are also popular, if you must complain."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your "
4770,5,Positive," Nice service and decent prices makes it one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza.  try it out if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""fell in love with this place! i went to his pizza """"rodizio"""" yesterday, which was happening every thursday of this month. for those who still don't know what a rodizio is, i'm saving you a google search: you pay an amount and waiters keep bringing you food until you say you're full or you explode, whatever happens first.  i was expecting to eat just pizza, but he had a small pasta and salad buffet that was included in the price of $20/person. the lasagna was awesome "
4771,5,Positive," Nice service. although i waited to go from the ladies room, the guy who took my order was nice enough to just come over and ask if i needed anything.  once again, i say again, once again, to come to oregano's and try it!"" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food. good price. prompt and courteous service."" best new york pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!  very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last "
4772,5,Positive," Nice service while enjoying craft beer on tap. all pizza's are amazing and i guarantee you'll love them all. join the club today!"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the theme of oregano's. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! we also ordered a lot more food then we could have finished and were only sat at a small table.   c'mon guys, get this party started!  we want pizza, we want ice cream, we want "
4773,5,Positive," Nice service and awesome product all around a great experience. italian-style thin crust pizzas with high quality toppings and slow cooking times. fresh ingredients on hand, good sauce, and a touch of chilli-olive oil. all of this prepares you for any type of night out, whether that's clubbing under the stars in zeoli or chilling at home under the stars in theme park shade under the stars.  ""this pizza is absolutely delicious. we got lucky to be given a slice of this amazing pizza for a Thursday date. we ordered a pizza and a large salad, and that was awesome. we got to try a lot of different things and had a blast.  we also ordered a lot more pizza! we ended up "
4774,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner choice.  look for the coupon too!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants "
4775,5,Positive," Nice service. all around a great experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the garlic knots are delicious.  must endorse sharing one large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for.   you must try the wine condition, it's amazing."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the "
4776,5,Positive," Nice service and honest pricing makes it the best pizza chain in arcadia city. they also use fresh ingredients and awesome sauce. for a reasonable price, it does the job.   when my husband and i first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a large pizza we expected to be sat right away. when our friendly server showed us 3 tables over with an estimated wait of just under 1. we were set on thin slices with mediocre toppings and mediocre meat. we ordered a mushroom pizza with sauerkraut and hachapuri and they gave us a giant slice with all the toppings and we all but fell off our chairs laughing.   tell that to the guys at bbq and pita places "
4777,5,Positive," Nice service. safe to say they haven't had a drunk in weeks and are a very nice couple.  food: my friends and i were there for the first time, and we thought it was a pizza place so we all ordered pizza. it wasn't until we were waiting for the food to come, that we looked around and realised every other table around us only had pasta on them. guess we gotta come back to try! we did notice that the menu said their pasta is homemade. so will definitely come back.  here's the pizza we ordered:  peking duck pizza - very tasty pizza! rich flavours that work well. but it's heavy, so come hungry - or order to share.  margherita "
4778,5,Positive," Nice service and just a great pizza and on the house made with love in it."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used to cook the pizza) a very large dining space and three or four really good priced table options, lo and behold! we ended up getting a table only because we were told about it was a small pizza joint that day.  we ordered a mushroom pizza and a typical over-the-counter cafe entree.  mushrooms are such a delicious flavor!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all of a sudden it was a delicious combination that we could not stop eating.    i would like to "
4779,5,Positive," Nice service and careful packaging is what makes it so unique.  we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was a little chatty but gave us each a friendly squeeze on the arm.  after a few minutes of chatting with him we asked if we could take a look at his menu. he obliged and showed us around.  within minutes of walking in i spotted a table with a cucumber and tomato filling.  i was intrigued because a table with just tomatoes seems kind of weird.  but as soon as i walked in however, i saw that there was more to the table that i couldn't help but notice.  there was a sauce made with "
4780,5,Positive," Nice service, and reasonable prices. theapron diavallo is a nice touch you don't see everywhere. recommend sharing one small, medium, or large with your table. i highly recommend people to try this if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told "
4781,5,Positive," Nice service and a clean table is essential for starting a conversation.  unfortunately, a table found having just been warmed up next to a table that had just finished reading a book was not conducive to the well being of any one else.  i suggest instead suggesting a secluded spot away from the noisy masses where you and your drink of choice will be fine.  secluded from the noise and bubbles of a large table, a small space with a cozy ambiance and high quality food does the job.  after all, what's a 'casual' salad without some good ol' fashioned sharp cilantro, feta and olives?  after all, what's a 'casual' salad without some good ol' fashion zucchini fl "
4782,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it the best bargain in town for a nice slice of downtown.    next time you're in the area and want to grab a grab and go before dinner, consider stopping by and dine in. i would definitely recommend this place to my friends."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when "
4783,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i don't know why more chip shops don't open carrying that logo, it must be a trademark of this ilk to open a shop with that logo on it.    every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my absolutely favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. the delivery dude is a nice man, even when he's ordering takeout. I love that they've separated wheat and barley waffles, which is awesome if you ask me to prop up a fat bald dude "
4784,5,Positive," Nice service. steady delivery. prices are very reasonable. what more could you possibly want."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i was worried it would be too spicy as i was new york so i ordered it without chili or pepper. it was delicious! i ate the rest of the pizza in one sitting and it was absolutely delicious! i think my friends and i would eat by the slice together. i would definitely eat by the slice again if i could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk. i definitely recommend this place to everyone! the only problem i have is that i would like to be able to go back "
4785,5,Positive," Nice service and polite but determined laughter. - December 12, 2016every one needs to go here! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  i also tried the housemade mozzarella cheese which was very, very good. i don't know why all the people in here are against eating alone at times of day. i definitely got lucky tonight and was able to try both.  next time i'm in cleveland, "
4786,5,Positive," Nice service, and prices are very reasonable.  a great local pizza place to stop by if you're on the go right away!"" ""groups are easy to find, and quite busy at times. i recommend trying one of the many pizza joints that have just opened up nearby. unsurprisingly, there's a good amount of people inside when you walk in. i highly recommend either ordering the large or go-getter size! the large pizza is a must, and definitely worth the price tag. go get 'em while you can, though; the portions are very generous."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on "
4787,5,Positive," Nice service and relaxed atmosphere.  connected by ride-share to nearby jamaica park and tower, and   hanging out at sto. st. caf...  t."" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was wonderful and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot "
4788,5,Positive," Nice service and overall a great experience. the price was very reasonable for what I spent.  to the management of fat bobs keep up the great work and for god sakes don't change the sea food pizza. ""the pizza was really good! they have interesting combinations but everything is really testing. i've been here 3 night in a row. i recommend this"" ""a place with only french fries and ice cream - what a divine idea!  it's easy to find gourmet ice cream parlors, but gourmet french fries are a new treat!    i recently visited and was immediately struck by the ambience of the inside.  although the restaurant is enclosed, it has high ceilings and a pickup "
4789,5,Positive," Nice service and cheap prices makes it the place to go to for a slice of late night pizza.  that's my take on this place.  if you are ever in loco mode and need a quick bite before or after a show, walking distance is your place to go!  after all, who doesn't love a good slice of late night pizza?    if you are a first-timer trying to get into late night pizza, I would definitely suggest looking up gourmands instead.  there are a number of great options within walking distance, and gourmands is the best gourde place i ever had.   if you are already inside late night, gourmands is a great place "
4790,5,Positive," Nice service and tasty food all around a good experience.dine in there and enjoy the atmosphere. plus pay attention to the menu and you will see some of the menu items are from their regular menu."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good pizza. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. "
4791,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it the best deal in town for a sandwich. hey, i won't try to pass it off as a sandwich unless i know i am getting a hot dog or two for under $20.  you want to try something different and go a different route?  well, why not try a gluten free pizza or a vegan one and see what happens.  after all, there is always something new and exciting to try."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and "
4792,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza and kebab restaurant."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizza was excellent and the happy hour was well worth the "
4793,5,Positive," Nice service and cheap prices makes it the place to go to when you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza.   next time you're in pittsburgh, leave a comment and let me know the pizza you ordered! i definitely recommend hitting up these for a nice pizza no matter your tastes!"" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed "
4794,5,Positive," Nice service, good pizza and equally good crust and toppings. on the weekends we can get away with not having tables so we suggest going on an informal style. from what i understand of these guys and their pizza, it will be a good go-to pie for many years to come..."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since these are public) and the lounge in the basement is a must "
4795,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar meal."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it!  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up our food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5 "
4796,5,Positive," Nice service and careful picking makes it the go-to pizza place when i need one. ""ordered cheese pizza, hummus pizza, feta sandwich, jumbo pepperoni salad and 3 x small plates. each came with a small slice of pepperoni, plenty of dressing and rice. the pizza was fantastic, i am definitely returning. i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about your pizza, it's pretty amazing."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. We stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. "
4797,5,Positive," Nice service and the pizza was fantastic!  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and it was delicious!  we got lucky when our waitress shared that we asked if we wanted to steep it first.   if you don't like mushrooms, you can always opt not to order it.   we got our margarita pizza with spicy salami and sweet pepperoni and salted caramelized onions.  it was awesome!! the caramelized onions were not only delicious, they were also nice and garlicky.  we got our cheese pizza with cheese on it and some spicy salami and it was amazing too!  awesome balance of salty and sweet potatoes, perfect blend "
4798,5,Positive," Nice service and fair price. everything is awesome."" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the theme of oregano's. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it even more. they even gave us a small jar of mozzarella cheese curd. not bad. we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a little surprise party at this pizza joint for my husband and i. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant was pretty full. "
4799,5,Positive," Nice service and this pizza should be sold out within minutes."" ""ordered today for lunch for delivery to my workplace. my boss treated us to lunch since it was my birthday.  ordered online and delivery was 6 minutes later than they said it would be but all the food was correct and delicious!  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites of the bunch.  also that they were good -- i loved the punny name and the punny filling.    every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza and italian snacks -- seriously, go for it.  it's pricey but well worth it.   you'll have pizza, pizza will have pizza and pizza will have pizza "
4800,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes this is a winner product. stay tuned for the great new york!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there "
4801,5,Positive," Nice service and price makes it the best pizza i ever eaten. and the quality of the food is out of this world."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  scott the owner, the staff and the décor was very inviting.  the pizza was very good. the combination of the tasty crust, the "
4802,5,Positive," Nice service during busy times.  good pizza and private part for up to 4 people.  will definitely return!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good value on pizza with good quality of food. good selection of beers for a reasonable price. proper arranged seating for you and your table. at least for a small pizza like ours, at least a little bit of privacy is good. we wish we ordered more though, because we really wanted to try those spicy "
4803,5,Positive," Nice service, and sweet sweet carrot cake! succulent and delicious, these little treats are the definition of decadent.   well done, sir!"" ""my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""loved this place! i had a slice of pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,so i say to Yelp...i suggest you guys try it out! i was a vegetarian for quite a while and i didn't want to spend a fortune on a new restaurant just to try something tasty vegetarian. so i was all set to go when i heard this place had "
4804,5,Positive," Nice service and acceptable price makes this is a winner recipe for sure.   if you are ever in wendy's location when you are in pittsburgh, you must go to danny's! i will definitely stop back in my next visit to pittsburgh!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and i can't wait to go back "
4805,5,Positive," Nice service and decent pizza.  will definately recommend."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i love, love, love that it is very family oriented, especially since there isn't really a whole lot of retail seating room.  we ordered the arugula pizza and i can still taste the spicy tuna filling in my breath. the other pizza was tasty too, just a touch salty. i think kids would enjoy it too."" ""my little girl got her own pizza and she was a little skeptical but after a few minutes of eyeballing the toppings on "
4806,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. good sauce, too. i like this part of vegas open air a lot better than some of the other spots."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was "
4807,5,Positive," Nice service and quick delivery of food is always a plus.  add in the fact that a number of great restaurants within walking distance offer slightly different styles of food, and of course, you can always dine in and munch on the food yourself.  without further adieu, I present to you, THE giordanos!!!  so, what are you waiting for!? go get 'em while you can, but not before sunduration!  i'll be back and try other things you might be interested in! "
4808,5,Positive,_
4809,5,Positive,""" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i "
4810,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes it a winner choice.  perfect for a quick bite before hitting the night life."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck displaying some delicious cakes; thin crust pizza on the truck, plus some serious topping options (think chocolate chip cookies and mintt ginger).  all this cool stuff waaaay out in the plaza....we need to come back and try that stuff.  now that frost has set in, and the leaves are turning brown, it's time to unveil the delicious seasonal menus....!"" ""i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my santa picked up my order yesterday.  honestly, the thought of someone "
4811,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza and kebab shop."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar only. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads!!! so happy we came here. we ordered a large salad and it was delicious. the service was great and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we had  eight slices of cheese and they were all great. we took out one last time & ate the whole "
4812,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax "
4813,5,Positive," Nice service, and just a competitive table rate.  trying a bunch of restaurants without trying all of them first time is dumb.  we will definitely return to try out the crust!  if you are ever in nellos, or are just curious,  feel free to stop by and say hi!"" ""there are a few places in las vegas that i will definitely stop in to get a pizza, regardless of how busy it is."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say i "
4814,5,Positive," Nice service, and just a great atmosphere."" ""tops is the oddball new york of equestrian haunts. it's also the perfect fit for my husband and i. tops is cool, hip, and trendy.   we ended up going because it was closed, which was understandable -- it hadn't been too long since we'd seen that shiny new yorka. we arrived 10 minutes before closing time and were greeted by several people who had come in to try the beer. we exchanged pleasantries and shook hands. a smile came across my face and i felt a tinge of nostalgia. turns out i wasn't the only one who remembered seeing that pizza. i heard from a few people who were there that they loved the "
4815,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 will buy you a can of tahitian treat.  note:  if you just ordered a can of tahitian, you will have a free pizza afterwards.  i suggest people order their pizza separate because it is easier that way.  if you want to get dessert, you can always ask for extra crispy and pureed desserts."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma "
4816,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that is the ol' fashioned, hot cookie kinda deal."" ""my bday was such a hit with my friends and i. they went straight to the bottom of the page and ordered the pizza of the century. amazing crust, amazing toppings, and just a stellar pizza. we got married right away and i couldn't have been any happier. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza slice, but it was too much of a flavor boost to ignore.    the crust was thin and crisp, just the right amount of chewy to go with the crispy potato skins and to go with the simple cheese we added "
4817,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i used their nachos which were delicious - real. ""delicious pizza! i had a custom pizza and it was delicious. the crust is good, but the quality of the ingredients is good. i am a fan of this place and will be back. the owner and staff are very on point when it comes to their food and are polite throughout the restaurant.  highly recommended!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms "
4818,5,Positive," Nice service while enjoying fine food. most importantly, you wont be disappointed!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should "
4819,5,Positive," Nice service and the pizza was fantastic.  loved the """"chandelier"""".  great experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 "
4820,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it the most affordable dining option within walking distance of great restaurants.  cibo is fun, trendy and heavily traveled. It's also very much alive as a working class neighborhood dive bar offering a fresh, trendy and hip accepting of all forms of drinking.  cibo also celebrates its 20th year this year and is one of the few pizza joints in town that offers both a gluten free and a soy free pizza.  cibo's business card clearly demonstrates that they are a family oriented business committed to serving up a good pizza and that they value their customers.  cibo's pizza is so good that i am willing to bet that even after multiple visits by restaurant managers it will remain a favorite.   "
4821,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good food. we tried the bruschetta appetizer and it was a perfect blend of deliciousness.  our famous desert waffle was also delicious.  plenty of sauce to choose  from and it was a great side with warm fries and a large salad.         other than that, we had plenty to choose from and it was all amazing.   we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. "
4822,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner.  ahwatukee rocks!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's huge fan of sausage and waffles and absolutely obsessed with their dough.  i mention the waffles because...they are the best pancakes i've ever had.  great fried egg and oatmeal  served with crispy hand-cut fries and a delicious cookie dipping sauce.  i don't know why more restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way.   oh, and the beer selection was eclectic and i enjoyed talking to people there.  rates are very reasonable -- they're a great go-to when ordering out!"" ""my husband and i came here on a wednesday and were pleasantly surprised by the "
4823,5,Positive," Nice service and inexpensive prices makes it easy to give as a gift. a coffee shop that serves italian-style thin crust pizzas with great local ingredients on top speaks volumes about their dedication to local ingredients and the dedication of their employees.  after all, who doesn't love a good slice of pizza and want to support local companies? i certainly do.  on that note, i urge you to stop by and try their pizza. i will definitely be back; it is definitely worth the trip!"" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of "
4824,5,Positive," Nice service although.  and the pizzas really were excellent.  five stars all the way!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very good quick and attentive service.  appreciated more options for diet colombian meals."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was jerry, and he was a little quiet, but certainly pleasant. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! we shared "
4825,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes it the most affordable dining option in central valley."" ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, service great, and pizza was fantastic!  we've found a new hangout!  can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have ordered from dominos, which is really gross.  streets of new york was introduced to us about a year ago.  we have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat.  we love the food.    the only issue we have is the wait is often very long "
4826,5,Positive," Nice service and quick delivery of food makes it the land of yummy pizza chains.  don't be put off by the large pizza size nor the $6.99 small pizza slice.  they are very good at their jobs and will go out of their way to please their customers."" ""pizza was pretty authentic but not too good. good place to go!!!"" ""kitchen sink is going through some sort of remodel so you can expect to find a kitchen to yourself.  luckily, the new space has plenty of legroom - probably too much room for you to eat all your meals in there.  i recommend the mussels, pizzas, and burgers."" ""kitchen sink is a great italian/chicago "
4827,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make a good coupon.  try it out if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""came in during lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. we got lucky & got a table but it was for an early lunch with our 2am pizza craving. we ordered off the bat and were happy with the pizza and the service.   i chose the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the garlic bread based on the cute little signs on the wall. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. the onion flavor seeped in throughout, along with the garlicky garlic bread. i can still taste the garlic "
4828,5,Positive," Nice service and just a overall great experience. we will definitely come back here. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i "
4829,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza and they go a long way with that.  at least for me.  no complaints! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad "
4830,5,Positive," Nice service, and price doesn't matter to me.   place is always filled with hs kids hanging out, laughing, and eating.   on this visit i ordered one of the grilled cheese sticks with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really tasty!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and ground beef on the side are also really good!  four cheese pizza and a plain cheese pizza = 9-5 pizza = dang!    it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and "
4831,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
4832,5,Positive," Nice service.  cheers!"" ""on this visit to lucille, i was hoping to try some soggy styles at a reasonable price.  although i did order a small pizza with no extra toppings (ricotta), it was still quite good.   for lunch, i went to mr. greek's with no problem.  although the restaurant says their happy hour is limited, i was able to try most of their food and will be back.   on this visit, i wanted to try some pizza that would be good cold, too.  that is what happened next.  as i was leaving the office, i saw a sign that said ""home made pizza is better than new york style "
4833,5,Positive," Nice service and all you can eat pizza's.  i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down."" ""it's a really cool place. the pizza is really good and the customer service is great. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas.  price: good, food quality: good, taste: excellent."" ""comes on as a special thanks for making us over 40 this past weekend. our very own over 40's favorite pizza place!!! yum yum yum!!!"" ""yummmmm!  pizza made just like we wanted it. crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with "
4834,5,Positive," Nice service it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza! ben, the owner is awesome too!  may it be dine in, pick up, "
4835,5,Positive," Nice service, affordable prices and a great atmosphere - it's greener, busier and has better accessibility inside the city limits."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. the mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. with tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. i "
4836,5,Positive," Nice service, and price doesn't make a good pizza, so what's the use of a label when you can just eat pizza and be happy?   that's me.  till next time, may you find that you like thin greasy pizza and that greasy spoon more than I do."" ""i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!  the neon signs outside are a nice touch you don't have to walk everywhere and once you order you can either pay by check or go in and get your pizza when you're ready.  if you want to try their regular pizza, i would definitely recommend going during happy hour to save some money.  you can always get a table, but i highly recommend going "
4837,5,Positive," Nice service and they seem to happy to come out here regardless.  probably the best pizza place in phoenix. go there immediately!"" by far my favorite pizza in the area! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. so so good! pizza is good for sharing drinks, it's good for warming up after a long day at the office, and it's a great appetizer/snack before a show."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and "
4838,5,Positive," Nice service and price makes it the best value pizza in town. good place to come back for more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. "
4839,5,Positive," Nice service yet perfectly baked and topped off with freshly squeezed juice. who on earth would think this would be a hit with locals and tourists alike? we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 small courses, mint jello and pepperoni pizza, as well as a small dessert.   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" "
4840,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes a good pizza affordable.  need I say more why not come hang out and have some pizza and chat...    we will be back."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but i "
4841,5,Positive," Nice service and good pizza.  keep up the great work and for god sakes don't change the font, it's terrible.  now I wish I could give a perfect 5-star review of pizza but these are good enough to eat time and for god sakes don't throw away that cheese grater!  now I realize this isn't the place to go to eat crust- but crust is great and so is the beer and wedges.  second time i ordered from them he said he loved them so much so he had to try them.  from the pizza he said he couldnt stop raving about it.  from the sandwiches he took great liking.  from the dips he took swoon "
4842,5,Positive," Nice service, and reasonably priced produce. they also carry a variety of canned sodas, my fave among jerky canning's.   eggplant florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach and sweet potato fries is equally delicious, and much cheaper.   both are great. and the customer service here never ceases to amaze me. thank you for that!"" ""super yummy pizzas and the best eggplant pizza ever! we had the yummy white pie, the carne asada pizza and the mascarpone pizza. i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that. the slices are thin and crispy, and they're paid attention to. we also had "
4843,5,Positive," Nice service and pretty prices makes this is a winner recipe.  must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good pizzazz. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the time. the specialty cocktails were "
4844,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i used their nachos - which were delicious - but any nachos, regardless of how good they are, are still a bargain when the whole family eats them.  10/10, totally worth it."" ""we just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" "
4845,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes it a great place to eat, just ask."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
4846,5,Positive," Nice service throughout andchenged...and good pizza. we had the loblai special pizza and it was a perfect blend of crust, sauce and cheese. tasty and not too greasy.   the regular pizza we ordered, minus the garlic balls, was also delicious, but i preferred the blackened-sp filet with garlic balls and sauerkraut. we need more like this in pittsburgh!"" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the beer & i think i liked it better than most. i'll be back!"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in "
4847,5,Positive," Nice service and prices makes you feel at home from the get go.  opulence is more an understatement... ""decided to eat here for the first time because i was told there was one in the area. i decided to try it since it's been on my to do list for quite some time and we were set on pizza.  we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   everyone was very friendly and the restaurant was very clean.  i would definitely come back! the staff is very friendly as well."" ""this is probably my favorite "
4848,5,Positive," Nice service and polite but firm pizza.  say what?!  i didn't know they had a wait staff.  in my 30 plus yrs in pizza delivery has never been harder.  nor has it been more affordable.  in fact, i'd venture to say that maybe it's better than cab.  because there's always someone there to chat away your order and make sure you're okay.  well, at least for now.  we'll be back to try more pizzas. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was "
4849,5,Positive," Nice service and all you can eat pizza you specify. but i say if you can't afford it and want to gawk at the chaos of a $7-11 domestic menu, then so be it.  but if you want to gawk at the chaos of a $7-11 domestic menu, then so be it.  but if you want to gawk at the chaos of a $7-11 domestic menu, then so be it.  but if you want to gawk at the chaos of a $7-11 domestic menu, then so be it.  but if you want to gawk at the chaos of a $7-11 domestic menu, then so be it.  but if you want to gawk at the "
4850,5,Positive," Nice service and even better - they're making us famous."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great "
4851,5,Positive," Nice service and ample space makes this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family.  we recommend this place for: 1. date night - bring your date! we did! we ended up having a lovely evening together. :) 2. to-go - get your orders while you're there!  i highly recommend munching on one of the many sandwiches prepared just for you! :) 3. delivery fee - all orders are fulfilled within 48 hours of being placed, and all orders are shipped out on time.  i ship everything i make myself, and everything i get I am satisfied with.    4. clean room - no chalk, no soda ash, no bubble gum, just regular old"
4852,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes it a great place to eat, on the strip at least."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bart "
4853,5,Positive," Nice service, fair price, and who doesn't love a good slice of late night pizza crudo.   get out there popped some cheesy great new york style cheese on this tasty little pizza.   you must try it as nature intended, but a tasty fix for a little bite healthy is to order a large salad and enjoy the peaceful surroundings.   after all, there is no table for eating with your hands on this tasty crust."" ""i can't say enough good things about this pizza. we both love thick crust pizza. i think its time to give it a try our own backyard is a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific pizza!   it's a great simple dish that packs "
4854,5,Positive," Nice service and friendly pizza places to order from. all of this is great but it isn't perfect.  we wish we ended up getting a whole though as that would have been awesome.  now that the season is over i feel compelled to give pizza cafes a try as they seem to be doing a good job of it overall.  they seem to doing a good job of it too."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp "
4855,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make this is a winner choice. ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain -- all was tasty.  we ordered a couple of desserts to share as well as a generic pizza. the popeye was tasty, too. we both wanted and needed a slice of the italian creme cake.  we agreed that a slice of the pink pizza would be nice, too. so we ate our way through the menu, and then discussed which desserts we would like to try.  we ate our fill and were ready to go as soon as the dessert tray "
4856,5,Positive," Nice service, and not too many surprises. 8.30 - serve yourself a delicious crostini and platter with basil candied peels, and fresh herbs.   10.30 - mmmmm!    or, you can just go for the pizza outright and munch on the toppings there.  I prefer the latter, because it leaves me with more cheese on my hands and leaves me with more time to unwind afterwards.    either way, you've got em' while you're there.  I'll defiantly be back"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered the pizza fries as well as a large salad. the pizza was really good! "
4857,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i don't know anyone who has never ordered from us, and i sure haven't offended them.  if you know someone who has, please email us so we can invite them over for dinner.  i would also encourage anyone who has never had nachos from us to give them a try.  they are awesome).  you are invited to dine in on Saturday, December 5th, 2015 from 6 to 8 p.m. (though if you want to be a little more interactive and indulge your inner kid, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food.)   while there's plenty "
4858,5,Positive," Nice service and even better - prices are the lowest possible they are the kind of places that drive you crazy."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" "
4859,5,Positive," Nice service and even better prices than your typical bar. absolutely the most affordable, accessible, and fun place to eat. come eat with your family or as an outing with friends. we both loved the food. i will definitely come back here. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come "
4860,5,Positive," Nice service and cheap prices makes it the best pizza place in scottsdale. recommend coming here for the real deal, not the fake one you see on yelp. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients "
4861,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that fat dolla who serves us that margarita pizza - that is a real keeper!    couple of things to note - the margarita pizza i ordered was actually quite good!  that is saying something.  i am a huge fan of pizza hut but i will definitely return.  their pizza is always good and they always seem to be happy.  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  that was tasty as well.  note that the margarita pizza i ordered was only half full so i got nothing but cheese.  that is what makes it so good.  i get there "
4862,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it the best deal in town.  wish i could have tried some pizza that wouldn't have been as bad as the one we got but i walked up to em' at 11:01 and they said they was hot when it was my turn to go. hot damn."" ""after seeing that you liked my review on yelp, i decided to give them a try. i'll be honest, the food was fantastic and the price was extremely reasonable. they were just giving me a friendly face when i was telling them how much i liked their pizza. i could have sworn i heard them say hi and they walked by with a sorry excuse. i congratulated them on a great pizza and a great beer selection and they "
4863,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty reasonable price for what you get.  pop up food is great, and all the ingredients are on hand to make sure you have a great experience.    food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection "
4864,5,Positive," Nice service and conservative pricing makes it the best pizza & beer pairing in arcadia area. italian-style thin crust pizza paired with high quality, locally-sourced ingredients on top. they even gave me a slice of their white pizza, which is basically a smoked meat sandwich in a pizza -- hands down is the best part. . i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.   the bad part is, all this hype and complaining in the press conference room last night was just plain boring.  everyone just sat there and watched, which was kind of sad.  maybe next time they should invite me in for a slice and i can try some of their pizza... but right now, i "
4865,5,Positive," Nice service and quite possibly the coolest decor in the restaurant.  we totally recommend this place for any type of celebration, business function, grad party, or just for a fun night out."" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a pizza and a large salad, and a drink.  the pizza was awesome and they were extra generous with the toppings they gave.  we wish we had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being made, but it was obvious they were making a big batch so we ate our fill.    this place has a place or  this place will knock your socks off.  chilled cocktails, awesome beer list, and of course amazing pizza.  no "
4866,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make this is a winner choice. definitely coming back for the pizza specially for the price it's a good deal. ""went for my birthday dinner. so yummy! the decor is absolutely amazing. i fell in love, so classy, so chic, perfect for my bday celebration. i wanted pizza and what a good choice it was! we started with the chicken artichoke bruschetta! excellent. then had the four cheese pizza adding spinach. delicious. then they brought me a yummy dessert  i loved it!"" i ordered from here and i was a little skeptical. but the food came fast it was fresh and delicious plus the driver was very pleasant. the prices are very fair 2 pizzas for 20 "
4867,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a keeper no matter your tastes.  sign me up!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. every time we leave we smell like a cemetery. so peaceful inside, so busy outside. i recommend people to arrive 15 minutes before showtime to get a table if they want."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't "
4868,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza.  probably the best gluten free vegan pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice.  highly recommend!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium "
4869,5,Positive," Nice service and price makes it a winner choice. the pizza is excellent and stays fresh for class. they even gave me a reusable can of tuesday! winner! i highly recommend this place for any pizza lover looking for some good fresh pizza, at a fair price and with outstanding food. try it out!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of "
4870,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza - i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down!"" with having three kids in the house we differently eat a lot of pizza. by far the best pizza i ever had and the family was fun to hang out with. also, the mozzarella appetizers were magic. crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto! ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice "
4871,5,Positive," Nice service (fast) ordering food is eternally popular, and apparently quite nutritious (7"" chicken breast with crisco on it)]  anyone out there having a hard time deciding which pizza is best? i've tried a few different pizza types and recommend sticking with the classic 'classic mozzarella' unless you REALLY wanna be eco-friendly (i think that saying something along the lines of ""i really wanted to try that but couldn't decide which was best"")."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza and it was tasty as well as being reasonably priced.  the shape of the pizza was very inviting as i typed this review. i definitely recommend people to get together and try this pizza together. i "
4872,5,Positive," Nice service and the pizza was fantastic.  on little surprise was the cesar salad. the owner shared that they make all their own dressings so we had to give it a try spook good. give bruno a try spook good too. ""it's been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i didn't have the best experience that time around, i must say that i've truly enjoyed my last three visits here! all of them have been for their brunch or lunch service. i've been able to try the deep fried french toast bites, bagna cauda, asado plate, jamon crudo pizza, and during big taste their feature breakfast burger.  today i ordered one of the "
4873,5,Positive," Nice service and modest price makes it a winner choice.  very much appreciated."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
4874,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make a good cup of coffee.  ambiance is cozy and modern decor. they also serve up a deliciouses cold brew coffee cake. after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my boyfriend and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a "
4875,5,Positive," Nice service and all you ordered has been taken care of.  no one is home but you and your table may pretend like you are, so flaunt that you are a guest and pretend to be anything but.  you will be sorry."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it!  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious and we got to munch on some delicious garlic bread.  also we asked for pepperoni if it was extra spicy.  my dad got a slice of the pepperoni pizza I ordered and he was shocked at how good it was.  he said it was even better than he'd remembered.  thank "
4876,5,Positive," Nice service, and affordable prices make it a great place to stop in on our first visit to lucille. we should all come to lucille!  we will be back! ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we ordered off the floor and were very pleased with the food. i was most intrigued by the pizza -- it was really thin crust with great toppings and an amazing sauce. i was a bit skeptical when my boyfriend told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant and i can honestly say i have never seen so many onions in one sitting.  a side of sauce is a nice side "
4877,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i used their nachos, not their regular chile relleno.  8 inch nachos are massive, and while they are delicious with beans, they are not to be missed with the crispy chile relleno.    i wish i could of taken a picture of their margarita pizza, which they make with spicy salami and fresh mozzarella.  it would have been awesome to try it without the spicy salami and regardless of how spicy it is, it still tastes really good."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a "
4878,5,Positive," Nice service, and just cheap pizza. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party "
4879,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes it the best pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. pizza is solid, salads are good, and breadsticks are good...again, probably the best i've had from a new york style pizza place."" ""with all the talk of rocky's, toppers and ian's, this place has in my opinion the best pizza ever! i can still taste the long way up to my fingertips when i'm eating a fresh mozzarella with harissa, and i'm a fan of harissa myself.   the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable. they even brought me a nice soft "
4880,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i don't know why more chile shops don't convert to serving hot chiles, it would be so awesome if they did."" ""i have been going to the rwb in mesa since it opened and the food is pretty darn good.  pizza slices, enchiladas, and many other popular dishes are good too.  a popular theme is fusion, which was interesting as i had never heard of it.  if you are in search of fancy """"gourmet"""" pizza, go elsewhere.  i recommend people to their room at pleased as it is highly likely they have a table that night."" ""while some may scoff at "
4881,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it the best deal in town.  delivered in minutes from my doorstep."" ""this is the best pizza & pasta dishes at the lake by far. food is amazing, the price is unbeatable, it was a great addition to a chilly valeo menu. real pizza here, ingredients are fresh and you can always go wrong. on the bright side, the pizza doesn't have to be perfect every time and you can always try something different.  a sure fire way to warm up outside on a lazy sunday is to try some spaghetti and meat sauce."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a "
4882,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza.  alright, we got here on an afternoon to have a slice of pizza and have since ordered a pizza AND a salad! i was hoping to combine the flavors of the pizza and the zucchini sticks because they look like they would be good with a little bit of zing. but alas, we decided to try out the other option and ordered a salad instead. i was hoping to get a salad to go with the pizza, but they said they only had small salads, so we stickled for that. we got a large pizza with chicken and onions and a small salad on it and we were set on pizza.   i really wish we had taken a picture of the pizza and salad because "
4883,5,Positive," Nice service, and prices aren't making me nervous.    it's been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i didn't have the best experience that time around, i must say that i've truly enjoyed my last three visits here! all of them have been for their brunch or lunch service. i've been able to try the deep fried french toast bites, bagna cauda, asado plate, jamon crudo pizza, and during big taste their feature breakfast burger.  today i ordered one of the lunch features which was a pizza that featured roasted chicken and crispy chicken skin on top! like what, who does that?! the crispy chicken skin is what sold me and i definitely thought it finished "
4884,5,Positive," Nice service. don't expect to dine in there and will likely eat by app opening."" ""opened in fall of '98 with a small menu and  making you waiters look good - yeah, we didn't know then what we were getting ourselves into.  we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,so many  good things!!! we got lucky & ordered a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,so many  good things!!! we got lucky & ordered a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a large cheese pizza, big fat slice of pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,so many  good things!!! we got lucky "
4885,5,Positive," Nice service and just a great pintx!  i can't wait to go back and try those peppers again."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal. "
4886,5,Positive," Nice service good price. consistently good quality. and the yummy crust does Mario proud!"" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onions, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes. pleasant service also and the place was packed with patrons."" ""tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that i would be happy to call my local watering hole.   cont'd below, but first off - as far as pizza goes, tops are total champions! super heavy yet not greasy, and loaded the hell up with tasty toppings, tops does pizza right. we got the new yorker half and halfed with the spartan pizza. steak "
4887,5,Positive," Nice service and great pizza and against all odds proves to be one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and will definitely return. highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn "
4888,5,Positive," Nice service and even better pizza then you're used to in this part of montreal.  next time you're in pittsburgh, or if you're staying at alexander, or as i was thinking, york, or california, or any other western state for that matter, and looking for a decent pizza, look no further than this place.  cheers,  mrf"" they have good pizza, and they are getting better. i will continue to go back! i am a regular at this pizza place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the "
4889,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: i don't think they serve beer outside of town, so please do be aware of that."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star hawaiian pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza.  the one here is it.  the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies to all of their pizza too. but the pine "
4890,5,Positive," Nice service and careful consumption of the environment is the key to a pleasant and enjoyable dining experience.  That being said...  there are some really killer pizza places in scottsdale! if you like thin crust pizza and you like the feeling of security that comes with a well insulated space like this one provides.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try one of the thin crust specialty pizzas. i think the ratio between the taste of fresh ingredients and the quality of the sauce is better than most pizza places will allow you to taste.  you can always return to try that one more time!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we were able to try a variety of "
4891,5,Positive," Nice service and reasonable prices makes it the best value in town when it comes to a pint of pure, unadulterated awesomeness. and the pizza is the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. i've dined in there countless times and have never been let down."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very good quick and attentive service.  for $5.99 she got the dinner portion with soup.  i tried the grilled "
4892,5,Positive," Nice service and sometimes their pizza is even good!  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense eating two slices of pizza. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, "
4893,5,Positive," Nice service and happy customers. all around a great experience. i highly recommend! ""first time tonight? yes, yes, yes!!! i was expecting to be anywhere from 21 to 48 hours, but the show went by so fast. i was shocked at how quickly everything went from concept to completion.   i'll definitely come back and try some more! the pizza was great, the Chicken Pita Bread was delicious (i think i am allergic to some mayo), the wings are good, and the chicken parm hoagie is absolutely delicious. i'll even go as far to say the pizza is awesome.   while i was there, i tried the horseradish sauce, which sounded awesome. i would definitely come back "
4894,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar pizza. touch of gringo but good without a doubt."" ""had lunch with my girlfriend here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very good quick and attentive service.  for $5.99 she got the dinner portion with soup.  i tried the grilled chicken over salad with avocados beans and corn was delicious and will definitely go here again.   one of the reviews picked up food for take out and i understand his feelings as haven eaten many colombian "
4895,5,Positive," Nice service and nice pizza and i have to say i really enjoy supporting local companies! it was also a very affordable ticket price considering the pizza and wine flights were included in the price of the ticket. i highly recommend this place for any group needing a quick bite during busy in season."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip, but it's the closest you can get to real italian-style pizza and the guys are very nice.   for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. i really want this place to succeed.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we love the theme "
4896,5,Positive," Nice service and all you ordered have already been taken care of.  all you need to do is mention youwanted any of the items and they willdo their job.  i highly recommend this place for any occasion, whether it's celebrating your bday at work, celebrating your saturday with friends, celebrating your own anniversary, or just having a good pizza' ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of "
4897,5,Positive," Nice service and price doesn't even matter when the pizza is this good. go figure. taste their white pizzas, their black pizzas as well, and their vegetarian pizzas. their sauces are really tasty btw. they really taste like they are fresh. and the condiments are really tasty. next time i'll be giving that homemade feeling a try. i really need that motivation."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn "
4898,5,Positive," Nice service, and ultimate price - its the opposite of everything you'd expect from a normal pizza place.  they must not know how to cook, or they wouldn't be pouring so much wine on the pizza!  all the other restaurants in the strip wanted to be left alone, and so did we."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details, but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty.  quebecois beware. there aren't handfuls of toppings, "
4899,5,Positive," Nice service and generous portions makes it the best ny pizza i ever had. if you are ever in             you must go to mr. juicy's pizza. i will confidently say that i have not had a better cooked, prepared, or served in my entire life.  now on to the food!   the diavallo was so yummy!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, topped with baby pepperonis, topped with crisp prosciutto and topped with roasted tomatoes.  it was amazing!  i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i am not alcoholics so what the heck.  every bite of this spicy, salty "
4900,5,Positive," Nice service and even better pizza.  now on to the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly for before a big night out. it was not uncommon when i worked there for groups of 8 to show up with a couple of boxes of wine and have a great time before hitting the night life. now i happen to prefer a better quality to drink myself, but love that this joint is casual enough to cater to that crowd and nice enough to suit my needs as a young professional as well.   the white pizza (5-cheese) is a must. i highly "
4901,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for ny style pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient server with our undecided group "
4902,5,Positive," Nice service and very happy customers are rare.  see for yourself."" ""there aren't many places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some authentic arugula pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  they are a little pricey though.  we always get lucky and order a plain cheese pizza instead.  that way we can try many different kinds.    i recommend this place for my very first arugula pizza, as well as many other great recipes.  you must try the arugula pizza, as well.  it is the perfect introduction to the art of making arugula pizza."" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  we had  fresh "
4903,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make a cake perfect for us. we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. was a bit pricey but sort of worth it. overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""the pizza was really good! i am a new yorker so i have tried a lot of pizza places. this is the best i have had so far in the new york area. great pizza and fast service. a great place to eat. """""" ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, service great, and pizza was fantastic!  we've found a new hangout!  can't "
4904,5,Positive," Nice service. we ordered a pizza and a large salad. the pizza came out really quickly and was quite tasty. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the garlic balls (i think they taste better when you throw them in the salad). they were also quite good. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the garlic balls - they were extremely good! i would really recommend this place to my friends and family!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of "
4905,5,Positive," Nice service. - Bianca ""good thin crust pizza, with great toppings and an amazing sauce. they even made us a pizza specially made for us! i highly recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't expect to dine in there and certainly don't expect to order the dont eat first course, but if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza then this the place to go!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the "
4906,5,Positive," Nice service while picking your wine! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good!  overall, we would "
4907,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly good pizza.  yum yum yum!!!"" 4775 W. Irving Park Rd. is a pleasant suburban locale for date night. On this stoop a popular girl dropped by to say hello.  if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  I got a table one night and the driver was nice enough to chime in and say hello.    4775 W. Irving Park Rd. is a pleasant suburban location for date night. On this stoop a popular girl dropped by to say hello.  if you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  i got a table one night and the driver "
4908,5,Positive," Nice service. all around a great experience."" ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, service pretty good, and pizza was fantastic!  we've found a new hangout!  can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have ordered from dominos, which is really gross.  streets of new york was introduced to us about a year ago.  we have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat.  we love the food.    the only issue we have is the wait is often very long for our food and the "
4909,5,Positive," Nice service. easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont. convenient to the stadium even though it's inside the city limits. plenty of free parking."" ""the pizza was really, really good! i had a couple of cheese pizza and a large salad, as well as some extra large cheese which i pretty much ate myself. i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  the rest of the pizza was really, really good. i loved the cannoli - it was delicious, and it reminded me a lot of pizza I used to eat at arcata market.  we also tried the meat lovers - again, a great dish! the husband was shocked by how well it tasted - he thought it "
4910,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for nachos, that is a pretty small price to pay for excellent nachos.  note: according to their website, some of their nachos are made with real crushed ice - which i assume is true.  if you haven't tried their nachos, you must love them.  if you are a fan of the regular nachos, you can also try their regular nachos instead.  you will have to ask them to add tomato slices because i don't know if they add tomato sauce.  after the nachos are done cooking, they will add the rest of the ingredients (which were already on the pizza) so please be aware of that.  also, i don "
4911,5,Positive," Nice service and darn tasty pizza.  they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party "
4912,5,Positive," Nice service and quite possibly the best pizza puff in the city. they also make some seriously amazing gluten free and any cheese-free options are delicious.  as far as pizza goes, tops are still tops. good pizza, tough but still good.  you want to get really pretentious and throw a few thousand dollars at the table, sure, but what the heck, lets give it a try btw.  people, i really am enjoying this neighborhood pizza place.  people, i still haven't found anyone who compares to parcorde, and i sure haven't found anyone who compares to this."" ""tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that i would be happy to call my local watering hole.   "
4913,5,Positive," Nice service.  all around a great experience."" ""overall great place to eat. i'd to go back again.  the breadsticks were excellent. i ordered a large with fries and onion, and they were good as well! they were a little pricey for what i was giving them, but not too much for what they were. i will definitely be back"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to pitt includes a visit to aiello's. "
4914,5,Positive," Nice service and just a darn good pizza. ate with my 2 and under and left with a 9 in jeans and a 3/4 size cheese pizza hut. will definitely be back"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for pacifistic reasons (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, "
4915,5,Positive," Nice service and prices make it a winner choice.  can't wait to come back and try those delicious breadsticks again!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. fish, chips, and grass alfredo pizza. i thought it would be harder to please two completely different pizza places so i was a bit skeptical. but it seems to be working out great. i am a big fan of the spicy salami pizza and think it is a real winner.    the flour tortilla pizza which had beets, "
4916,5,Positive," Nice service and prices keep up with demand.  4.5 stars all the way!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, crayons and a little play area in the corner with some toys and a chalkboard wall.  my girls both had the kids salami pizza and my only complaint would be that the salami was too spicy - we picked it off and they ate their cheese pizza "
4917,5,Positive," Nice service and $5 for nachos is a pretty reasonable price to pay for a couple quality nachos.  note: i don't know if they know they have a jar of jalapeno in the cupboard so they throw it out if it gets dirty."" ""we ordered 2 xl pizzas, the marinara and the gorgonzola. the pizza was amazing and they added a lot of sauce to it. we added chicken and added some hot peppers. they were amazing! the wings were good and everything was good. we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar "
4918,5,Positive," Nice service and exciting new york atmosphere. trendy but functional dressing down the block next door also earned it a starred rating from us. entree dining options like this one are always fun and interesting.  we're off to dinner and will likely be back for more. yummy pizza, fries and salad, awesome pasta dishes!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is "
4919,5,Positive," Nice service and laughing stock pizza. who on earth buys a 50 cent pizza for like $5?! i would say if you don't like it, don't spend $5 extra for a baby pizza. i am tired of seeing people eating cold pressed juice on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   anyway, back to the pizza.  it was good.  i liked the garlic knots.  they were more flavorful than normal.  also, the mild cheese pizza was a nice side with some cool toppings.  again, i recommend people to go to the restaurant instead of taking advantage of their Yelper abilities."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best "
4920,5,Positive," Nice service and surprisingly tasty pizza's is a must. try it both ways and experience the amazing pizza's that have been created by accident. also, be sure to ask any of the kids what they think as it could be a fun side with their parents or grandpa. lastly, be sure to leave room for the wonderful flavors of lavender and thyme that waft through the air every time you step foot onto 9.   after so many purchases you will have plenty left to spend and still have plenty of food left to save you money in the long run.  i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in "
4921,5,Positive," Nice service and collegian atmosphere."" ""it's been my tradition for longer than i've lived here - to eat here twice a month for lunch.  when i walk in a couple of months later than i ordered, i was surprised by the lack of customers - they must have been busy that weekend because they should have seen the empty restaurant.  since then, i've ordered from opposite ends of the restaurant and have never had a bad experience.  my husband always enjoys a good thin crust pizza, and i think this is true for most of the pizza recipes.  my kids love thin crust pizza, and my grandpa absolutely loves it.    while it's not coccia house,  it is close and i will be damned "
4922,5,Positive," Nice service and affordable prices makes this is a winner recipe. if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese sticks for $9.99.  they surpising also have great chopped salad 5 toppings combined from $9.99.  i do wish they offered more toppings because it was difficult to choose just one that would please my family.  now that the dust has settled on how this all went down i can tell you that everything was great. i am certain that everyone who attended was satisfied with their experience.  that is true with any new york style pizza, whether it be at bian "
4923,5,Positive," Nice service and amazingly good pizza. they even made me an awesome pizza artichoke bruschetta! I can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their "
4924,5,Positive," Nice service and even better pizza. :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! everyones favorite piola and his family. theyalian and pizzeria alfredo creations add a delicious zing to every bite! if you get dessert, the cheesecake was made even better! the 4pc strawberry shortcake was also delicious. i highly recommend supporting local companies by purchasing locally grown produce. :)"" super yummy pizza and salad! this is my local go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. highly recommend! ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated parm and pepper flakes "
4925,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! the service was great!! we had a friendly and patient "
4926,5,Positive," Nice service, and $5 for nachos is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that adobo sauce is from cold pressed juices. not including taxes, it would have cost around $10 to make a jar of it.  assuming it's organic, and cold pressed, which it most definitely is, and that it's all natural, then yes, it is cheaper that way.  but cold calling just to ask for the cold pressed juice is a bit rich coming from me.  so, no thanks for that.  instead, i would like to ask if they would like to make some themselves? if so, great! i definitely would rather have some nachos, and i'll be back."" ""my family and i "
4927,5,Positive," Nice service, and don't forget to ask for the spicy salami dipping sauce, which it has in spain.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the perimeter area where you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty toppings. safe passage of hand-made yoghurt and nuts.  who else sells authentic italian made pizza like this? i don't "
4928,5,Positive," Nice service and just a stellar crust who else has good pizza but i have to say i do like semolina.  they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas.  i will be back again and again. ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. couldn't complain -- we were more interested in the cake itself than the pizza. good place to come for pizza."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu "
4929,5,Positive," Great pizza with fresh ingredients, no foul-tasting sauces or perfect crud. great on the cob too, as long as you know what you're getting and you can stomach the wait.  we got lucky & got to try the hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and the mediterranean pizza with hummus, feta, olives, and tzatziki.  both were delicious!  mmmmm!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and the mediterranean pizza with hummus, feta, olives, and tzatziki.  both were delicious!    mmmmm!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and the mediterranean pizza with hummus, fet "
4930,5,Positive," Great pizza too, of course. i prefer the thinner crust to the thicker. but thicker does it better. and cheaper. too bad i can't go back and try those thicker crust pizza's again because i'm a fan!"" ""fell in love with this place! we headed in for lunch on a sunday. we were just finishing up dinner and came right away. great pizza, great pizza place. great vibe to it. very friendly servers and very good pizza. everything was amazing! we had wine, appetizers, salad and a medley of cheeses.  it was amazing! divine. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right "
4931,5,Positive," Great pizza but very thin crust.   margherita or deep dish pizza with cheesy deliciousness.   the crust is delicious and the rest of the pizza is nicely done.  i usually stick to the pizza places that have a good pizza and i'm good there.   but beware! some really nice looking pizza's that are just not done buns yet!  they need to come out and order these buns fresh!  they literally taste like fresh buns, only better.  buns need to be made just like fresh ones, not canned.  if you don't like the buns, just leave them be.  they taste even better the next day.    everyone needs to go "
4932,5,Positive," Great pizza, especially when made ahead of time.  a huge part of me wishes that we could have stayed overnight and that we would have gotten a whole range of choices... but alas, no disappointments!  we got to choose from their pizza selection and i will definitely be back - it was great!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we ordered a pizza with mushrooms and salami and it was delectable! excellent pizza and awesome wings! we ate an entire pizza alone and loved it. we got together some friends and we all had a blast. we laughed a few times and really enjoyed the atmosphere. we ordered some more food and it was even better!""  "
4933,5,Positive," Great pizza, terrible sauce"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc beef rib tips. both were amazing. great flavor. hand shook and friendly waitress. will definitely be back"" super yummy pizza and salad!  very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza! ben, the owner is awesome too!  may it be dine "
4934,5,Positive," Great pizza can be had for much less money and is still delicious. ""went for my birthday dinner. so yummy! the decor is absolutely amazing. i fell in love with the stonehenge pizza and the idea of having a party of 5+ eatin' from a large slice of pizza. they gave me a large slice with all the toppings - amazing! i ate half myself and was able to shed a few pounds! i definitely will go back and add some more cheese to my pizza. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it "
4935,5,Positive," Great pizza,night after night after night."" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful white pizzas. we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizzas. we loved the med "
4936,5,Positive," Great pizza and very satisfied.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" "" "
4937,5,Positive," Great pizza and the right combination of things. i think the only negative i experienced was that the glass of wine is small. i don't know what their pour is but it is the only thing not generously given. not served in a traditional stemmed glass, it was more like a small 1/2 full glass of fruit juice. but i went for the pizza, not the wine. also, i must say that the pizza was very very good!  crisp, flavorful crust, well done, and with great sauce.  a rare gem in this sea change era of pizza.    all i will say is that i will definitely come back here! the wine and diavio are so similar, and the crust soo delicious!  "
4938,5,Positive," Great pizza but some good utility pizza as well.  if you like thick crust pizza then this is the place to go!"" ""the thin crust pizza here is very tasty! i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregano's unless i know i am getting a hot cookie for dessert. otherwise, i would probably come to the rest of town and try those too.  the thin crust pizza here is very good! the ratio of ingredients is good! the price is very good! i would definitely come back!"" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in "
4939,5,Positive," Great pizza, very tasty pepperoni and parmesan mix, great crust and toppings. their garlic bread is made from whole pieces of garlic. i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza you like!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. tons of free seating upstairs. too bad there's no soda fountain outside. ""sucks!!! totally sucks!!!! sucks that i can't change what i get regularly there. so good i get the same thing every time and some how taste better every time! will keep going back again and again. every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... y "
4940,5,Positive," Great pizza; best gluten free vegan pizza; home made olives, and sausages; hummus florentine; and the best gluten free quebec pizza that you have ever had. they make it all happen. you wont be disappointed."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very tasty colombian pizza and will definitely go here again.   one of the reviews picked up food for take out and i understand his feelings as haven eaten many col "
4941,5,Positive," Great pizza... i truly believe that this is it!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of the year 2016. maybe it's the cute little dog sitting on a stool next to you eating a small pizza, maybe it's the fact that you eat only pizza on sundays, but i can't deny that this is a really hit or miss place.   we order a large cheese pizza and an order to go (large cheese pizza and vegetable qorma). large cheese pizza was delicious and we had chicken tenders. we also ordered a large "
4942,5,Positive," Great pizza, new york style, and the best pizza in the strip. they even gave me a bubble bath while i waited."" ""verified online pizza came out to $0.75, that is a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz and no artificial flavors. also, the sauce was really hot!  it was good with rice and it came out really nicely with a dollop of sour cream. the crust was thin and crisp with a nice chew here and there. the addition of sesame seeds on the top helps round out this super yummy pizza. lastly, be sure to ask for the spicy oil... ;)"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two "
4943,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price with our very own small pizza shop right next to it (i think that is where we ordered our garlic knots).  great food and great prices. we will be back again and again!"" ""we ordered delivery yesterday to pick up some things for lunch. we arrived 30 minutes before closing time and no one was late.  we got our order of pizza, a small hot bbq pie, a large salad and some hummus. all was great until we looked at the menu and realised there wasn't a table for us to check out.  so we sat on the curb and ate our food until someone walked by and said they had a table for us.  we sat down and when it came time to order we "
4944,5,Positive," Great pizza is from new york so it needs to be good. i returned because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and the restaurant delivered!  all i ordered was cheese curds, which were awesome.  they were not overly sweet, as you might imagine.  they were definitely on the rich side.  my husband ordered chicken tenders and i had lasagna and my little boy had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza slice and a salad.  the pizza was great and the family was friendly.  i will definitely order from here again and recommend it to everyone!  it was great helping them open up a place like this and i will definitely be back for sure!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever "
4945,5,Positive," Great pizza, awesome crust and toppings and the biggest smile on the planet when your a fan eating a giant slice of pizza with no sugar coating it makes you a better person.  after 5 minutes of cooking your pie is done and you can take it out and say sorry to the restaurant for not including more toppings.  i understand but i ate my way through my first pie with a vengeance and i will defiantly be back.    now i know what you're thinking ""but how can you eat pizza like that and be so healthy?  you know what?  i'm glad you asked.  pizza is great, but it isn't a substitute for a healthy diet.  healthy pizza = lots of vegetables, rice, lean "
4946,5,Positive," Great pizza, great selection and cheap. starbucks is a must come here ! ""pizza is pretty good here for a slice of pizza place, around 9-10 imo. pizza hut is a good neighbor too, maybe a little better. prices are pretty good, too."" ""walmart, but better yet, go to the restaurant! i would definitely come back to this place even if i could order it without purchasing a pizza. i'd just be coming for dinner."" ""with a view of the az fungal plain and the hint of the pacific breeze blowing through the air, this is one of the best pizza places in toronto. we ordered the provolone and cheese with pepperoni and sausage. it was delicious "
4947,5,Positive," Great pizza and 5-cheese. our 2 nd pizza was also great!  we ate there friday night and was very happy with what we ordered.    while i would have to agree that the pizza is good, it is not the best i have had in arcadia area. that title belongs to starbucks.  they were a little pricey for what we got, but everything was amazing.    the wings are amazing, too. i highly recommend them.  but the pizza is just that, an excellent pizza.   it is cheap, it is tasty, it is well made, it is fresh, and it is the healthiest pizza i have ever had.  and they are having a grand opening "
4948,5,Positive," Great pizza is absolutely perfect. will definitely eat here again on our 4 visit  pizzas low carb itinerary! recommend sharing one small pizza with 3 other people or saving it for leftovers! also many diners can eat here and still have their own pizzas which is awesome for sharing... i definitely recommend this place for any low carb crowd looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip, but it's the closest thing that will make you feel at home from morning 'til night.  that's true with any pizza, really.  that line you walk in there is going to be you and your family or your co-workers. "
4949,5,Positive," Great pizza an excellent value with wonderful food! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
4950,5,Positive," Great pizza & the place was packed with fans cheering them on. will definitely be back for another slice or two!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large slice with lots of toppings and salads. we also had a couple of pizzas, cheese bread and a generic burger. i chose the generic since there was no real difference between the two. we got another large slice with lots of toppings and salads, this one with tzatziki and spinach. our second slice was also very tasty, just spicy. i can still taste the "
4951,5,Positive," Great pizza and margherita is good too but i recommend trying the pizza and wings combo instead.  the decent meat pie is good too, but i recommend trying the naked bronco or the naked margherita instead.  the frozen crust is also tasty.   the margherita isn't bad either.  i like this heartier rendition better.    both the pizza places have good service and seem to be happy people.  i'll be back; it's nice to have a regular on my side of town."" ""movies! movies! i went to the theater last night and was immediately struck by the pizza selection.  i've been meaning to go pick up a copy of the manual, but was afraid "
4952,5,Positive," Great pizza and cold brew coffee, with tasty toppings and a delicious sauce. i particularly love the quebecois...sort of. they have a thin crust, so don't expect to walk away empty handed.  there's loads of toppings, it's great on it's own, and the dipping sauces are to die for.  my pizza just took longer to cook though, so bear that in mind.  once your pizza is cooked though, it's done!  no arguing with me on that one.  once your pie is done cooking, it's done!  you can pick it back up if you want, but i highly recommend just giving it a try enroute to making that permanent pizza decision.  after all, you "
4953,5,Positive," Great pizza and the best margarita pizza in the strip. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  some good places that i've been to put a little medley of things, which it had but was just olives, and those green things that end in cini.  there's a place in seattle that i have yet to find which compares.  these guys put rice, hummus, fet "
4954,5,Positive," Great pizza and cold brew, if you need a little bit of caffeine.  i definitely recommend this place when craving a little something light and zingy."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice "
4955,5,Positive," Great pizza, definitely the best i've had in arcadia area. it was so good not to dine in there and i would have gladly bet my pizza on it. the service was great and the food yum. but the price was the best part. we got to try a variety of items and they meshed well with our pizza.    the one thing i will say is that they are a step ahead of the game when it comes to service and they seem to be a real locals operation.  if you are ever in arcadia area and want to get a slice of the great pizza i would definitely recommend coming here.  we will definitely be back!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp "
4956,5,Positive," Great pizza, except with mozzarella cheese, fresh herbs, and to taste.  i recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, oozing with flavor from plate to table.  there's something comforting about the thought of eating a natural, organic, gluten free, grain free, soy free, tomato sauce/garlic oil free, egg free, corn oil free, olive oil free, and spirulina rice free.  there's also a cool mint tahitian topping with fresh coriander, mint, and toasted sesame seeds.  both the ingredients are super yummy, and the coriander in my taco is "
4957,5,Positive," Great pizza too, of course."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes are amazons and greek salad. good energy drink and excellent customer service. probably the happiest I've been at alexander-musea."" ""alexander is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family! date night was delightful and we will be back again and again."" ""outgoing gq, in particular, the stromboli's are good. also good to check out their pizza """"rodizio"""" - a fairly new style of thin crust pizza that features extremely well done "
4958,5,Positive," Great pizza, but lacking in everything else - which is kind of understandable.  that said, it is still tasty and they really need to figure out a way to thank their fans for supporting the pizza place for so long.  sadly, my visit to lucille this past weekend came to little more than a goodbye kiss as the pizza place sat empty and I had to brave walking away empty-handed.  my visit to horatio ny on Sunday was a completely different story altogether.  they were open and I talked to some of their waiters who confirmed they were a family owned business and that they are always nice and polite...which was kind of important."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza! the green chili gringo is a keeper! the "
4959,5,Positive," Great pizza. may be better than go to tuesdays!!   absolutely the most affordable dining option and the monopoly seat within walking distance.   absolutely the most enjoyable dining option within walking distance.   capable of seating 10 people and still providing excellent service; absolutely the best of every possible type of restaurant."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh."" ""thieves have ripped through our pizza box, thankfully we have a safe place to come back to eat pizza!  we ordered mushroom pizza and it was delicious. they bring in their own blend of spices which is awesome. we asked for extra crispy and they delivered! we ate the whole thing in one sitting!  cool stuff."" ""the "
4960,5,Positive," Great pizza and all the entrees are great too.  super friendly servers and good pizza and happy hour prices.  can't recommend this place enough."" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good for sharing...really. we both liked the pizza.   we had wine and a small snack each and enjoyed the music. we also ordered chicken tenders, which were very good!  both the men were nice and friendly.   we will "
4961,5,Positive," Great pizza and frittatas!  we had the lambretta special pizza and the 10-inch hamburger bq.  both were very good.  i can't wait to go back and try those.  also, i forgot to mention they're the size of a small pizza!  my husband had the 10-inch slice and i had the margarita.  in my haste to get this blog up and running, i forgot to take a picture of the margarita and i looked like a fool for having fluffed up my face like that.  if you don't like large slices or hate flashy flavors, you can always go back to trying the regular size.  my advice? if you don't like large slices "
4962,5,Positive," Great pizza and i thought their jalapeno pizza was amazing too!  great husband and wife team!  forever grateful!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good go-to when i'm in the durham region for work.  pizza is really good. sometimes too good. sometimes just ok."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really "
4963,5,Positive," Great pizza that will please your pallette.  ambiance is cozy and modern decor. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. "
4964,5,Positive," Great pizza and the best chicken tenders in the valley.  the only one in applesboro that really matters.  now i say sports bar/dive bar. on first look, tops is surprisingly nice, sporting a giant guitar in the roof. on the ground, the bar counters shadow the outline of the giant guitar. where the fretboard is, is a long bar height table good for conversational seating for up to 8 people. but for some reason i can't help but think that it is merely lipstick on a pig... maybe it was the human feces smeared along and adjacent strip mall glass door, and then piled on the sidewalk below, as i approached tops; maybe.  but tops can't be blamed for that, it "
4965,5,Positive," Great pizza and cold brew? yes, yes, yes!!!  we ate just pizza, cold brew, mind you!!!  we also tried the shiratani pizza, and it was equally delicious, just a touch greasy.    cold brew is nice and all, but it really does help bring out the best in cold brewed coffee, and it really does taste better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came "
4966,5,Positive," Great pizza ( solid crust and right on time) especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza and a lover of this city, we have to say she's a perfect fit for us.    we started with the lamb shank and white pizza ($7.50 - $7.75). i really liked the lamb shank. it was tasty, had a good amount of sauce, and the crust was good. i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!""  "
4967,5,Positive," Great pizza and salad were also very tasty.  will definitely return."" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and large salad. food is amazing. best salad in a long time in this part of vegas. also, good pizza. ""this is our favorite pizza place in pittsburgh. we order a lot of pizzas and really good pizza. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yum!!"" ""this is one of the better lunch spots in scottsdale. any salad and any pizza for a flat price (i think $9). very reasonable. great atmosphere, easy parking, fast service. "
4968,5,Positive," Great pizza. good sauce. good crust. good toppings. good presentation. good portions. safe to say that you wont find anyone who likes this type of pizza better.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh. "
4969,5,Positive," Great pizza but lacking some of the other staples.  i recommend grabbing a slice and heading over to one of the many awesome pizza joints that have opened their doors...i definitely will not be coming here lightly ... unless i am sure i am receiving a special dispensation from some otherworldly being."" ""while it is true that many great restaurants are within walking distance, there are a few that stand out above the rest. namely, the arugula pesto, the artichoke bruschetta, the butternut squash flatbread and the butterscotch fondue. for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, oregano, spinach, tomato, garlic and cinnamon. my only complaint is "
4970,5,Positive," Great pizza but below par service. do not let the price make you walk out.   i recommend going during happy hour to save some money.   you will have plenty of space and be warm.   my husband and i both love their pizzas.   they are cheap and good.   give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn "
4971,5,Positive," Great pizza, or light lunch with pizza and salad. $7.50 for a large ny style slice of pizza and $6 for a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good place to come for a light lunch."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. loud outdoor patio seating. nice space. go there immediately! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! "
4972,5,Positive," Great pizza, good sauce, eh?  that's what matters to me.  the sauce was verynd by... well, let's just say i wasn't thrilled when my pizza came with a generous side of garlic toast (i'm sure it's delicious with all the crushed garlic).  although i didn't try it, i bet it would be delicious with some grated parmesan on top, too.  crust is al dente, cheese is melt, and there's plenty of sauce for under $20 bucks.    second time i've eaten there and i must say i enjoyed it even though i was hungry at the time.  i know there's a wait to get in but it was worth it.  pizza was "
4973,5,Positive," Great pizza is good, don't get me wrong. but for something that is reasonably priced and has quality toppings, it does a great job.   we ordered the arugula pizza and it was a very close call. i'll give it to my boyfriend because i know he likes arugula pizza. we both liked the pizza. the ratio of crust to toppings makes it good for sharing, and it is a very affordable meal.   we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" this might be the best pizza i have ever eaten. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they have thick crust selections as well. new york theme "
4974,5,Positive," Great pizza!  very friendly and good service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to the real deal!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the beer selection but honestly that's crazy too!  everything pours like a champagne corkscrew, the mintt ginger beer is amazing, and the only thing they lacked was a splash of tangy dipping sauce.  once again i say indulgence is the afterthought.  i really want this place to succeed!  if you are ever in lucille, stop by and "
4975,5,Positive," Great pizza and great service! the place is packed during the weekend too!"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week. the workers there were friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  i got a slice of their white chapel pizza ( "
4976,5,Positive," Great pizza, but not exactly what i was looking for. looked rather bland, but yummy. tried several different kinds and varieties of meatballs, thought they were pretty good, wish i had taken a picture so you could see the sliced beef and pork."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star pizza? maybe you don't like pizza, maybe you don't like basil, zucchini, parsley, and sage.  but as a vegetarian who has eaten at many pizza joints in the 10 years i've lived here and as a vegetarian who has eaten at plenty of pizza joints in the 10 years i've lived here, odds are you don't like all the food.    i definitely thought this "
4977,5,Positive," Great pizza, well done!"" always friendly and fast. ""first time here.  checked in and got the pepperoni cheese stick for free.  it was great.   will definitely return."" ""the pizza was really good! gave me a cheesecake i didn't want and a smoothie shake that was rich in nutrients.  the customer service was great too! I'll definitely order from here again and recommend it to everyone!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the "
4978,5,Positive," Great pizza i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizzas. we loved the mediterranean pizza! we also had the "
4979,5,Positive," Great pizza on the strip.  that comes with it's own set of ethic tips...I understand but i eat what i can't control myself.     the wings are good and so are the fried mushroom and zucchini sticks."" ""we like the manhattan family feast. $41.99 for a really big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. i do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. good food. cheap price. reliable yelp. scroll down for the spicy mayo on the side and off the chain restaurants that make you feel welcome."" ""i feel like a fool for not trying this place sooner. i think its time we all took "
4980,5,Positive," Great pizza is served here, albeit over ice - which is a good thing in my opinion.    the regular pizza (with a few toppings preference) is a solid go-to, especially when sharing with a friend.   my personal favorite is the real deal, it's the real deal."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmm and do not forget to ask for "
4981,5,Positive," Great pizza place to go!! we ordered a lot of pizzas and they were all amazing!  good thick crust pizza,  lots of sauce, and the right amount of breadcrumbs.  great on the go breakfast!   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and decided to call this place.  it was delivered in 45 minutes.  not bad.  it tasted home-made, and the delivery man was a nice man.   i lived everything about our experience, except for the fact that the woman on the phone who took my order was short in her words, giving me a bit of attitude.  that's the only "
4982,5,Positive," Great pizza and very good pizza at a lower price. they also have a great baked zucchini bread with extra slices of tomato. the slices are smaller than normal so make sure to ask for extra large!  i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!    the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommend!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with "
4983,5,Positive," Great pizza or light lunch with half price apps between 4-6 weekdays.  every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza and italian-style thin crust pizzas.  it's got real depth and tastes really good.  it's got lots of great items from all around a good shopping spot.  it took me back to when i was a kid and i can still taste the garlic in my breath.  it's not coccia house or that spooky alley off lorain road, but it's a good go-to when i'm craving some serious pizza.  you can also get pizza from the kitchen, which was a nice touch you didn't see coming."" "
4984,5,Positive," Great pizza or sandwich? i get bored easily and have trouble initiating conversation. luckily for us here at the theme we can pick and choose whenever we want!   i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go theme, yet so so many other things!  theme a guest pass is a good idea too!  at least "
4985,5,Positive," Great pizza that will please your pallette. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. it was delicious and they brought me a pepperoni and salami slice. i can't say i wasn't intrigued by those two items as well. they seemed like a good fit for the pizza we would order.   when i walked in a few minutes before 11:30 they were just coming out of the oven. they were hot and fresh. and the delivery guy was a little chatty at times but overall he was a great guy. i will definitely be back to have more pizza - but with a little more common sense."" ""we ordered takeout "
4986,5,Positive," Great pizza , so so so good! we had the 5 cheese pizza and the large salad. both were very good!  thank you so much!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , so good! the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was because i cannot wait to go back and try those pizza legs again!"" ""the pizza was good but a little cold, delivery guy came in and i told him to knock a few things off of the pizza so he could give it a try next time. i ended up getting a "
4987,5,Positive," Great pizza, but lacking in toppings.  add in a SINGLE margherita or three and you've basically got the pizza of your dreams.  if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard pizza, such as a au gratin or a tomato pizza....though i highly recommend trying the thin crust as well.  the crust is perfectly cooked, the cheese is homemade (from scratch) and the sauce is delicious.  i am certain that i will be back"" ""i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i normally order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously. my go to is a medium pizza with pepperoni, sausage and onion.,,but "
4988,5,Positive," Great pizza, definitely one of toronto. go there immediately!"" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say i'm a sucker it. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best i've had from a """"fast casual"""" type of restaurant.  i definitely recommend sauce if you're looking for something fairly quick but delivers on quality."" ""i enjoy pizza hut but i personally dont like the oversized chicken and i know its not them but all i ordered "
4989,5,Positive," Great pizza, <3"";) ""great pizza!! stumbled upon this place after doing some research on yelp and was pleasantly surprised. the pizza was great and they were fast. i was surprised by how quick their delivery was since they come over really quickly.  therefore i was somewhat skeptical when my pizza didn't arrive until it was ready to eat. but goodness it arrived hot and correct. taste buds will delight in this pizza!! the long waiters are awesome!! and the fact that they're a merchant step-sister to dine in on the strip and tohot their own pizza...wow."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian "
4990,5,Positive," Great pizza or cold crust with wedges and cheese!  my grizzly puppy was my go-to for pizza on this trip and he was not disappointed!    love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices -- i believe this is a must-visit for anyone traveling to georgian destinations."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. i think it's quite possible that this is the best pizza i have ever had in georgian with the exception of  alexander.   i definitely recommend this place for your vegan pizza needs as well "
4991,5,Positive," Great pizza and glasses of wine, great restaurant!"" ""dining room counter-service places that sell you a table and follows you around like a little pet.  is it rough being a 20 year old kid at a table crunching 20 count pizza?  well, maybe not that rough, but it sure is interesting to see what happens when you get older and eat more food.  counter service places are everywhere these days, it's everywhere you look.  i'm guessing there aren't many places in this area that still operate, so we'll be back to check that out.  till then, i'd definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york "
4992,5,Positive," Great pizza, crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and topped with baby pepperonis.  perfection.   perfectly balanced between fresh and knackered up, it never tasted stale or boring.   the crust was fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i did notice that the lady at the register was a little friendly, so maybe i'll come back to try that. i really want this place to succeed.   it's nice to have a classier, unpretentious wine and martini bar on the west side of town."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out "
4993,5,Positive," Great pizza and good value. hassailed's are cheap and delicious and the only reason they dont give more for the effort spent is because its the only costumer friendly thing about them.  would also endorse the spaghetti and meatballs, so so so good!  you start with the mild pizza or the pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,  it gets better as you go along!  either way you eat it, you will have leftovers to eat the rest of the pizza!  i would really recommend this place to my co-workers! they are very nice, attentive and friendly. i would really go back again and am sure i will be back - perhaps for a date night without the moviegoing "
4994,5,Positive," Great pizza!! :)"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza. ben, the owner is awesome too!  may it be dine in, pick up, take out or delivery... you wont be disappointed "
4995,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price with S&H guaranteed. no hidden costs or empty chairs. provide and attentive server. give me that classic Boston cream pie and i'll be happy I didn't build a bed ally of some sort.  it's also a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food."" ""trying out a new greek place today and so happy i did! went to hummus for lunch. this is a great concept i like. fire pizza, hummus sandwich, feta medallion, cheese pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,so i wanted to try something new. so i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,great! the hummus was wonderful and "
4996,5,Positive," Great pizza. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly servers. all i took away was a smile and a few crackers.   piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. i will be back; it is worth the trip!"" great pizza at a small price. tonys is one restraunt in boulder city that really has good value with a great product. real pizza here. the slices are awesome also.. ""well this is awkward.  we just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,, i thought it would be a little awkward to place an order with only 1 slice of pizza and small side salad.  therefore i asked if i could pay a little "
4997,5,Positive," Great pizza that will please your pallette.  ambiance is cozy and modern decor. they even made some crock pot pizza recipes - yum!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant "
4998,5,Positive," Great pizza, <strong> but not too thick</strong> so you can spoon some of the filling on the side rather than having to spoon it all on?</p>  <p>  we ate a lot of pizza, actually. I'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the ratio of the ingredients on this pepe pie was good. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy, and they really did soak in the sauce. we really needs more like this in our pizza diets.    anyway, back to the pizza. good, consistent, good pizza. i'll definitely come back and try those slices again. i think they're really good too, though i prefer the milder version.""  "
4999,5,Positive," Great pizza but for a fairly large $8 pizza you get a good pizza with lots of toppings and a decent amount of sauce. mine came with lots of sausages, mushrooms, onions, and bacon. i didn't try it and i can't vouch for all the details, but my pizza did not taste good that night.   the owner and staff of this pizza hut are regulars at this little gem of a place.  it's nice to see people from all walks of life walking through here and enjoying the ambience.  i will definitely come back here! the pizza was good, the sandwiches were tasty, and the price was good for a decent sandwich.  good place to eat after a night of drinking."" "" "
5000,5,Positive," Great pizza for under $40 and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i definitely recommend this place when you're looking for a cheap, delicious meal on urbanite."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good "
5001,5,Positive," Great pizza i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizz "
5002,5,Positive," Great pizza. good sauce. good crust. good toppings. good presentation. safe and tasty food.  fast forward to today and you'll see why everything is so beloved. we ordered the white pizza and the arugula salad. the white was delicious - thin crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. they also gave it a homemade fig and sun dried tomatoes sauce. the arugula was not only delicious, but it was also very nutritious. i highly recommend adding some to your favorite salad as well. i personally would not order this arugula without a tablespoon of the dressing. it would be completely inappropriate and just plain boring. i suggest adding some to every bowl of soup you make afterwards. and for the heck of it, you can "
5003,5,Positive," Great pizza or salad? flank with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here and took lunch...really friendly waiters and great food!!! we had the pork wings and the diavola pizza and they were amazing yum!!"" ""trying a new greek place today and was able to try the pizza kebab and chicken polenta.  we also tried "
5004,5,Positive," Great pizza, right down to the perfect crust and topping. good ny pizza, etc. etc. etc."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the real deal. tuesday lunch is so popular that they have to come out multiple times to accommodate everyone.  we recommend people to bring their own soda and/or minor beverage because there is no soda fountain outside.  i highly recommend people to bring their own cheese bread because it is sooo goooood!  my husband and i both love their pizza and the guys are very nice.  i will definitely come back to this place. :)"" ""the pizza is very good! i travel a lot and one of my favorite things in different cities is to try a locally owned pizza place "
5005,5,Positive," Great pizza but needs some love.  14 inch pizza but it's more of a small size pizza with some small portions.  a sliced salad is great as is some grilled jalapeno... but nothing is permanent.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minute wait for food is unacceptable.  if you are lucky you'll get a table that understands your pizza and your cooking.  if you don't like the pizza you ordered, you can always bring it back and we'll give you a new one.  although this restaurant has been open for quite a while, it's still very clean and comfortable.  that rice? so so so so so good! we both love the pizza "
5006,5,Positive," Great pizza - and definitely the best i've had in arcadia area. we had the new yorker half and halfed with the bruschetta. it was incredible. they were right on target with the flavors. we tried the mushroom pizza and it was equally as good. good place to eat.  food - five stars! service - decent; environment - cheerful; morale - good; money - it's easy to stomach a five-star meal for under $40! bang on!"" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn't share. highly recommend."" ""so i don't "
5007,5,Positive," Great pizza, great lights, and the most amazing margarita pizza.  can't beat a homemade one with arugula and mint.  arugula and mint spinach dip is so essential.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m "
5008,5,Positive," Great pizza, too. food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese bread is phenomenal and somehow tastes even better as leftovers."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" "" "
5009,5,Positive," Great pizza but not too greasy so we can eat after the lights are turned off.  we love deep dish and the crust doesn't disappoint us either.    today we ordered one of the food item pizza's which was a pizza with mushrooms and spinach entree as well as a side of garlic bread and chilli sauce.  the other food item pizza's were equally delicious, but i preferred the food pairings of pepperoni and spinach.  the crust was flavorful and the mushrooms were delicious; however, i preferred the spinach side more so i can eat it raw and feel guilty about it later.  my husband always gets to eat just pizza, but i get to eat both pizza's and they are equally good!  my kids "
5010,5,Positive," Great pizza here, and the slices really thin.  i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  these were also tasty.  overall, great place to get pizzas.  the staff is very nice and friendly to their customers.  i would definitely come back!"" ""the pizza is very good! they keep coming back for more! we finally came here tonight after driving all day and stopping at every inn and bringing with us a large order of pizza.  they always have a great selection of pizza, so "
5011,5,Positive," Great pizza, too!  but the prices are sooo much better...wish i could have tried them both, but i'll prob def.   all the other food i've tried is good but nothing compares to this one, because it's so unique!  we ate there twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. first time we ordered parmesan chicken with hummus and it was absolute perfection!  delicious and it was all we could have asked for.  we ordered pizza and it was even better!  parmesan chicken with hummus and it was even better!  everything was delicious!  we need one more pizza and/or desert shop across the street and we can officially call this stretch of coronation "
5012,5,Positive," Great pizza, thin crust and right next to it a gluten free option.  i liked the sauce. it was tasty with some guar or celery.  it also came with some great toppings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that I did not try it.  next time i am in cleveland, i will definitely stop back in. i will definitely stop back in and i will definitely come back. i will definitely give this place a try if i am ever in cleveland!"" ""pizza was pretty authentic, got the garlic knots as an appetizer really good!  we also got the deep dish pizza with spicy salami and sausages and the mildetoe pizza with art "
5013,5,Positive," Great pizza though, and i am a fan of the blonde's pizza as well.  the crust is thin, not too greasy, not too burnt.  they also use fresh herbs, which is great for me.  the one problem i have is that the pizza is still hot when i come to eat it.  i don't know what the heck is wrong with this place, but it has been through so many changes i have no idea what to expect.  quick fix fix: order another pizza, or try a different style.  i will endorse this place for sure.  but you must try it!  you will not be disappointed."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new "
5014,5,Positive," Great pizza, and a very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.  paramella was very good - of course i'm not a fan of the spicy kind, but it was good and they kept asking for more.  in a surprise though, all the pizza i ate came out to around $3, which was a bit surprising since i paid them to make the pizza.  parmesan is even tastier than white - definitely the best i've had in arcadia area.    we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" this might be the best pizza i have ever eaten. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they have thick "
5015,5,Positive," Great pizza, the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. the worst that ever happened to us was when we told the waitress we wanted to go a different route and she gave us the slip.  so, i guess i'm a fan and i'll be back.  no matter how you slice it, the bad boy is good old boys work.  now i'll have to go back and try those spicy diavola pizza's...  it's been awhile since my first visit to big bears, but i always return excited to try something different.  that is true with most of their pizza recipes, really.  i've tried everything and will continue to come back!  it has been awhile since my first visit "
5016,5,Positive," Great pizza here. i usually order the pizza with pepperoni and it is awesome!  they always seem to make it right :)  i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they give a good amount of salad! we mainly order the hummus and feta along with a medley of things. some people love to go a different route and eat the hummus with sesame seeds on it!  i disagree completely!  don't get me wrong, i love all the hummus!  i eat it all myself and it is a great staple when i'm hungry.  but the medley of things is just bland...and i don't want that "
5017,5,Positive," Great pizza and the right amount of sauce. i think its hard to find good pizza!! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the regular pizza is really good too, but the sub is just okay.  some of the specialty pizzas really tasty, but "
5018,5,Positive," Great pizza and i highly recommend sharing one slice with your table. the crust is thin and delicious. i recommend sharing one slice with your table because it's SO filling! i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free "
5019,5,Positive," Great pizza, just like real New York style. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly servers. all i ask is that they please don't take anything too seriously.  we will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is pretty darn good. i really try and get out some fresh fruits and vegetables with my diet colombian food.  if you are ever in san diego, you must go to  this pizza! it is pretty difficult to get to so if you are ever in the area, you must go to this place! ""delicious pizza! i moved to the peoria area about 7 months ago and have never been to a show at this location before.  it is a great spot for a quick bite while shopping "
5020,5,Positive," Great pizza. went for lunch. no charges. very courteous. safe neighborhood place."" super yummy pizzas and salads!  very neighborly!  ex-large margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $8.99. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe. try it out! ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to one of the many eat-in restaurants that line the plaza sidewalk.  although the restaurant's neon signs beckoned us in for a slice, we decided to peruse the menu while it was open and to our surprise, it was rather impressive!    i. pizzas 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, 13, 15, 18, 21, 25, "
5021,5,Positive," Great pizza and such an awesome selection of local craft beers we also had the family slice, a small size pizza with fries and a vegetable tahitai medley (i think that's what it was called) tahitai medley was quite good and we loved the spicy salami and garlic oil.  piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. i will be back; it is worth the trip!"" great pizza at a small price. tonys is one restraunt in boulder city that really has good value with a great product. real pizza here. the slices are awesome also.. ""well what can i say about rocky's. its one of the few pizza places "
5022,5,Positive," Great pizza, and hot wings is always good.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great "
5023,5,Positive," Great pizza and the best damn chicken tenders in the city!  a place that delivers in gilbert?  yes, yes, yes!!! every time i go from home i get a fresh pizza with extra sauce on top!  i really want this place to succeed!  all the other pizza places in the area are just that good."" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward   "
5024,5,Positive," Great pizza and a great ambiance. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party "
5025,5,Positive," Great pizza your typical japanese or what ever else launches at $8.99. a little on the pricey side for lunch."" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizzas and the chicken pesto.  they have good appetizers and the deserts are good.  the calzones are pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  we always order delivery.  they get here pretty fast (of course we live just a couple blocks away).    i love all the coupons they have and their "
5026,5,Positive," Great pizza the kids loved and it was the closest thing they had when making pizzas. they also loved the large salad and the mild cheese pizza. they also liked the mild chicken mix and the crispy chicken tenders. my kids both had colosseum meals and the pasta portions were incredible. they both loved the pizza. i'll defiantly be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. "
5027,5,Positive," Great pizza, fries are good, and the right amount of sauce makes a good pizza. my only complaint is that my pizza didn't taste better the next day.  we waited 2 minutes to order and got a table right away.  how long will this last??!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious and we were very hungry.  we need this place to succeed!  bottom line: it's good food at a good price and they seem to be doing a good job of it.  i will definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the crust?"" ""while i was out walking "
5028,5,Positive," Great pizza i would highly recommend! the family that worked there seemed very nice. along with the great pizza and great service from the owner this makes it a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we did both! highly recommend!!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food "
5029,5,Positive," Great pizza but thicker crust , good sauce and fresh ingredients. they also make very good gluten free pizza.  we had the gluten free white pizza and the """"greek pizza"""" - a delicious combination which we both loved.  we will be back again and again."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a garage sale style pizza and a generic generic meat lovers. the pizza was good, the garlic bread awesome, the side of pork that came with it was delicious. i really got just a normal sized pizza, but they give a good slab steak and chicken mix.   they also make a great pizza cake - my dad made me an awesome vanilla pizza with powdered fine sea salt, cinnamon sugar and all "
5030,5,Positive," Great pizza, great prices. go try it and don't forget to ask for the spicy oil. otherwise it will be over an hour wait for a chicago style pizza."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here "
5031,5,Positive," Great pizza, amazing wings, and their house made mustard on the crunch!  i cannot recommend this place enough. ""if you have never been here, they will bring you a free sample of their wings. great salad and great pizza. if you are a first-timer, or are just starting out, they will teach you how to order."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! we had cheese pizza and a gluten free pizza. very tasty pizza! the wings are good too! we ate most of the pizza though. we were mostly interested in the pizza and salad. the pizza was awesome, too. i kid you not. it was delicious. "
5032,5,Positive," Great pizza or sit back and enjoy the ambience of this cool little place.  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good for sharing & good for qq. good for hanging out with your buds. we will definitely be back!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads!!! real pizza and the gunna be damned good pizza!! we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for sharing & good for qq.   the pizzas were good, the salad was good, and the whole was excellent!! we had  margarita or white pizza and we would have been happy with a simple "
5033,5,Positive," Great pizza is fairly representative of what you will find in the area. i will go back again and again. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do "
5034,5,Positive," Great pizza, good sauce, and it's cheap.  it's also pretty tasty, given the ingredients."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star hawaiian pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza.  the one here is it.  the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies to all of their pizza too. but the pineapples were the perfect size of chunks, plentiful, and did not soak through the "
5035,5,Positive," Great pizza. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. will definitely return :)"" my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and an order of bread with cheese. the pizza came out really quickly and was a really tasty combo. i really got to know the pizza and it's cuisines. our waiter also really shared his feelings on the food and i learned a lot about cuisines. overall, we would come again. :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like.  ""i would probably come back to try those. i think they're great also on the strip."" "
5036,5,Positive," Great pizza and salads, great crostini and martini, and good pizza sharing. we also tried the white pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.   we need one more pizza and/or desert shop across the street and we can officially call this stretch of coronado bordering 7th street: the pie district."" ""excellent pizza -- the best delivery i've had. tasty and not too greasy.   love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.   fantastic pizza and socially conscious -- we just found our new go-to pizza place."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake "
5037,5,Positive," Great pizza, great for sharing... or one very hungry person.  absolutely the most affordable dining option at a table with other diners and you get to munch on freshly baked bread and share in the delicious delights of a moderately priced table normally reserved for 500+.  absolutely the most civilized place to get together with friends to have a beer, wine and a caesar salad. absolutely the most affordable dining option at a table with other diners and you get to munch on freshly baked bread and share in the delights of a moderately priced table normally reserved for 500+.  absolutely the most civilized place to get together with friends to have a beer, wine and a caesar salad. absolutely the most affordable dining option at a table with "
5038,5,Positive," Great pizza that was great. came in for a pizza fix after work. highly recommend!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the restaurant's emphasis on quality over quantity. especially their pizza Xl (extra large)."" ""the gluttonous pizza here is to die for. i think it's safe to say that no matter the guestimates, there's always someone who's had enough and waded through the gluttony of pizza to produce a mediocre pizza.  i'm not really a pizza enthusiast so, i'm not really a fan of overly sweet "
5039,5,Positive," Great pizza. loved the grilled chicken over salad and the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores. also worth noting that they are still pouring us glasses of red!  we will be back."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we thought it would be a good place to come for a quick bite while shopping. we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. it was. great. i really got to talking to the guys there and they seem really nice. i will definitely come back to try those wings."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings "
5040,5,Positive," Great pizza eh?  maybe not the best pizza i've had, but it's the closest i've come to a real winner. other than that, it's a pretty good pizza.   for a quick bite, it gives you pretty much everything you need. you won't be disappointed, especially if you can get away without the large slice for more than 30 minutes."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute "
5041,5,Positive," Great pizza they all loved! and the price was the best part! we had wine, appetizers, salad and full entrees and the bill was ....wait for it....$48 bucks. whoohoo."" ""awesome place. visited from california... wish we had something like this place here. got the fontina burger one day and the bbq chicken pizza the next. the """"grilled"""" pizza has an awesome charred taste.  wish i could have tried the apple fritters but i walked up to the counter at 11:01 and they had stopped serving breakfast. they should really serve those all day long."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking "
5042,5,Positive," Great pizza, the kind you can put in a salad and call a platter.  good cold for breakfast leftovers.  a refreshing and tasty bite of counter space against the wall that you can get either seated or standing.  while i wait for my order to come around, i enjoy browsing through their menu and discovering new combos that may please me.  once my order is in, i'm ready to go as soon as the bowl of soup arrives.  once again, i am thoroughly satisfied with this place and will be back.  my husband and i came in here for the first time and were pleasantly surprised it was wheelchair accessible.  we asked for a special treat with soy sauce, and they brought some with no problem.  the other "
5043,5,Positive," Great pizza, affordable prices, what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arugula pizza and the white pizza along with a side of sauce. the arugula was excellent, gave it a delicious taste of spice and was super filling. the white was tasty too, but i preferred the white a little more. the crust was thin and crisp, which i enjoyed a lot. some of these slices even taste good reheated.  my only complaint is that they don't have a soda fountain outside, which i'll definitely come back to!  once again, i highly recommend this place for any pizza you want to make gluten free, vegan, vegetarian, or whatever your dietary restrictions are.  you won't be sorry!""  "
5044,5,Positive," Great pizza but this time i ordered a gluten free pizza with no extra toppings and that was great too!  everything was delicious! i am a fan of this place and will be back.  the only reason i am giving it a 5 star rating is because i would like to try it again.  if you are in the mood to try something different i would definitely recommend it."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't "
5045,5,Positive," Great pizza, great fries and the coolest of calgary yelling """"you gotta try this!"""" passing house-made olives to the next table; all this activity set firmly on the backbone of simply great food.  cibo, we wish you a happy new year!"""" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to be picked for a table as we were talking about dining elsewhere and he mentioned they had exceptional garlic bread.  we got to try the food of the gods - the garlic bread was unbelievable, omg so glad we did.  we then had the guido diavola pizza and the tangy tangy sauce.  the slices are HUGE and the sauce is so good.  "
5046,5,Positive," Great pizza is very good. good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good!  overall, "
5047,5,Positive," Great pizza on the strip, but it was good hot and  it was real pizza here.  good thin crust pizza,  though.  good place to eat.    food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3""h bh!  quality over quantity, which is what makes this place so affordable.  good for sharing with a friend or for someone who just wants to pick up some pizza crusts.  crusts are fairly standard, though.  water is good, and the air is nice and fresh.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.    while some may scoff at the thought of a pizza place that just serves pizza "
5048,5,Positive," Great pizza"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza! ben, the owner is awesome too!  may it be dine in, pick up, take out or delivery ... you wont be disappointed!""  "
5049,5,Positive," Great pizza, together with very tasty salads and great breadsticks. they really know how to use a good olive oil and they seem to be good neighbors as well.   the only issue i had was that they were a little surly a bit, giving me a bit of attitude.  that's the only reason i am not giving a 5-star rating."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the mushroom pizza and the zucchini Parmesan. it was amazing. good gluten free options as well as regular cheese. support local companies and order a gluten free toppingsheet while you are at it. you will not be disappointed."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of "
5050,5,Positive," Great pizza but it could use a few improvements on the crust and toppings.  we also tried the mushroom pizza, which is equally tasty with spinach, artichoke hearts, and mozzarella.  the crust is thin, not crispy, and the mixed mushrooms taste very flavorful.    next time we're in cleveland, we'll definitely stop back in. i'll definitely tell all of the co-workers about the delicious crust and toppings they provide!"" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and friendly. taking out they are "
5051,5,Positive," Great pizza bakes perfectly each time so far. the family were all in tonight and visited our table when they heard we were from east islip. they loved the pizza and i will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and get to know you. i would really recommend to stop by and try their pizza. my favorite is the real deal "
5052,5,Positive," Great pizza, but just a touch greasy. recommend rounding up some fresh veggies and pressing them against the brick oven crust before slicing. that way you can try many different kinds. i also added some fried mushroom again, because i feel like a fool for not trying it sooner. all of the other ingredients were good, and i think this would have been a good go-to pie for many years.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc fries for the job. best chicken ever. huge fries for the price. best chicken ever "
5053,5,Positive," Great pizza. we got lucky to be eating here because they have a lot of business in the strip. they also have a lot of seating area so we decided to eat here friday night and been here ever since.  friday great pizza with low-fat sourdough pizza and often spasso's off the hook toppings. can't complain - we're here to have a good pizza, not complain hillarious.  when my brodia541834 told me about this place - and i'm sure she didn't stop saying that - she meant it. this is a great neighbor place. go here before it is too late and before too many places in the strip have closed their doors."" ""the pizza was really good "
5054,5,Positive," Great pizza, some seriously great pizza. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are "
5055,5,Positive," Great pizza and very good pizzaiolo's. the little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! and their subs and pastas are great too, but the pizzas really do shine here.  if only there was a way to order takeout - i.e. you can have both!  i highly recommend trying the mushroom pizza, as well as the very popular but equally delicious but much scarier looking chicago style pizza. if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try the spicy salami. neither of these are for everyone, but for the heck of it - try them both!"" ""i have never had georgian "
5056,5,Positive," Great pizza, definitely one of toronto. many good thin crust pizza joints."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper!  we always order delivery, and they always deliver in minutes.  highly recommend!  and their happy hour is absolutely insane!  just $5 for a small can of soda, $7 for a "
5057,5,Positive," Great pizza, safe place to get pizzas and the pizza is good every time.  many customers come in and order to-go and go back in and they all love the pizza.  10 min walk from grog shop on fremont.      next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. the margarita pizza was very good too, just a touch greasy. we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, "
5058,5,Positive," Great pizza, sausage and mushroom and apple-cinnamon pancake mix. i particularly liked the apple-cinnamon pancake, where slice is half apple and half ground cinnamon. good place to eat after dark."" ""center city pizza was very, very good!  location is fine, it's just that they've been remodeling the gym since it opened about 2+ yrs ago. as such, not too many customers walk in to pick up their pizzas.  therefore, i'm giving them a 1 star rating because i don't think they've fixed any of the long-standing issues that i've noticed.  anyways, we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant was very clean, there was plenty of space "
5059,5,Positive," Great pizza, but thin crust and they went bad pretty quick.  once they opened they were immediately seated right away, but their food was good by the time i got there and i'll be damned if i wasn't a bit skeptical.  but what if i told you they were good!! buckets of toppings, thai takeout, momofuku pizza, vegan pizza with sausage, and sweet potato fries - all of these things taste really good.  i can still taste the spicy diavola in my breath, and it's not like i'm back in california where they serve up spicy froyo all the time.    the only problem was almost immediately after setting foot into the space i noticed that tables were "
5060,5,Positive," Great pizza, excellent crust and toppings, and of course the famous melted cheese."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the pizzas and pasta were superb. "
5061,5,Positive," Great pizza and equally good cold one too. hands down best pizza i ever had and the family that runs this place seem very nice indeed. and the monopoly machines seem to be turning pretty good. so, maybe we'll keep coming back! i definitely recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the theme of oregano's. we order a large pepperoni and salami as well as a generic meat combo. they "
5062,5,Positive," Great pizza here, taco bell mediocre, meatball sub average, hot lips mediocre, bland toppings disappointing, heavy dipping sauces disappointing.  they also give away a free hot cookie when you order one.  all n all i give them a 5 (medium pizza doesn't have to cost that much)  but  what they offer is great service, and they seem to be getting better all the time.  will definitely be back!"" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the "
5063,5,Positive," Great pizza; no one will know it was there other than i did. i highly recommend people to try their pizza au gratin instead of making their own.  by the looks of the other reviews i was doubtful it would be anything special. after all i ate just plain cheese with no extra toppings or condiments. i could care less what people here add to their pizza. i ordered a pizza with extra sauce, mozzarella balls, and fresh herbs. all i ordered was hot peppers and garlic. the pizza was awesome! the heavy whipping root beer was also very good. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza with the toppings on it, but i'll give it a try cool it off.""  "
5064,5,Positive," Great pizza , but beware! some very nice wood oven pizza ! bless yur hands !!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the housemade fries with as much sauce as you want, and their tangy dipping sauces. they're amazing. i really got just a plain old homemade good, but they needed to be done a little differently.  sauce makes a big difference and it was definitely well done."" ""today i ordered one of the vegetarian pizzas with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, and "
5065,5,Positive," Great pizza but nothing to write home about.  maybe for the barbecue but i highly recommend pies on the low end of reasonable priced pizza.  pies on the higher end of reasonable priced pizza should be considered over-the-counter eateries.  exception: i highly recommend trying the arugula pizza and its $6-8 wings.  i actually prefer the milder of the two cheeses.  recommendation: give it a try if you must, but be warned: the waiters here are trained to speak your language, they may have taken notes!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  "
5066,5,Positive," Great pizza and very good pizza sauce. good place to come back for more!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good "
5067,5,Positive," Great pizza and real pizza sauce. good place to go!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. we also tried the giant slice with giant pieces of pepperoni, and bacon. again, i don't know if i would try it unless i was told otherwise "
5068,5,Positive," Great pizza that really hit the spot. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking.""  "
5069,5,Positive," Great pizza, look out for the hidden gourmet slice, amazing dipping sauces and their house made olives. also look out for the durian pizza which has a super flavorful sauce. that should give you ideas of what to expect.  every puff here is unique and should not be repeated. try them all!   it has been my tradition ever since i have lived here and i will continue to go back time and time again.  t.co/wbzcqbzwqe"" ""t.co.uk/glzbv6l6spzzweneya, i can't believe this is our family spot!  i am a huge fan of the hot cookies but the frosting on the "
5070,5,Positive," Great pizza. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly servers. all i ask is that you don't feel pressure to just go there because it's cheap.  there's a reason that every other slice of pizza costs more than half of what it's blackened.  if you want to go a different route and make sure you don't eat 5+ meals for a penny, by all means do it but i'd rather eat safe and responsibly and i'll be back."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to be able to try several different pizza's, so i can't speak to too many other places that i've tried.  that being said, the service was great and the food yum.  "
5071,5,Positive," Great pizza and i thought it was great. very proud to announce that they've opened a brick oven pizza outlet right next door too! i love sports bars and this one was a hit with my wife and kids. was a little pricey though.  pricier than some but still cheaper than most places.  good place to get sports bars together."" ""good pizza, great pizza on the strip!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have "
5072,5,Positive," Great pizza,, so so so good i don't even want to eat human flesh anymore :( i gave it a 10 in my book, tv show, and in real life i taste better when i'm eating a natural, grass fed, organic, handmade, crust cooked by a local mom & dad, and many more traditional tastes! i truly enjoy this type of pizza and will continue to go back! the only problem was not to promote it further as i believe it deserves a better environment.   the crust is made fresh, the toppings are delicious, and the prices are the lowest possible.  i think this type of place will always have a place in my heart because i grew up in the bay and because i've never had a bad "
5073,5,Positive," Great pizza, hands down amazing crust and toppings. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. good service, appreciated. next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the "
5074,5,Positive," Great pizza, thanks!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they carry a few different types of canned sodas, my two girls both loved the flavor of the soda.   they also carry a variety of bottled water flavors, my girls both loved the taste of the water.   i will definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" amazing pizza for $10 and half price "
5075,5,Positive," Great pizza, eh? the Shrimp Shoo-Me is a must try!  complimented wonderfully by the bbq sauce.  alfredo sauce is superb too!  he even used real cheese on the pizza crust - which i assume is what they taste like.  if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard pizza,  though.  personally i prefer the pizza to be close to its brick oven counterpart,  as it demonstrates the aging process and how far they've come as a pizza.  though, i wouldn't rule it out if you know what you're getting."" ""i was craving pizza on friday and decided to stop by. i normally order takeout and have ordered "
5076,5,Positive," Great pizza, had the meatball sub and quite possibly the best pizza i ever had. the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. they were also quite tasty, giving them a homemade feeling. i definitely thought they would appreciate a little extra kick with a little more added fat. i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""kitchen table is nice and open back, but fitted perfectly for a lounge like this.  i would really recommend this place for a relaxing day with the lights turned up and a good wine and martini.  although, i strongly suggest against the large margarita and the nearly impossible to stop yourself from eating too much of both!  try something more fitting for a late night social occasion, such "
5077,5,Positive," Great pizza or really great slice of pizza - whatever your inner geek is really going for.   we got lucky & got a table instead of hundreds of people in there! we ordered a pizza & it was good, albeit a little light on the wallet.  we got our margarita pizza after that & i gotta say that i really liked that it was a little healthier food (i definitely noticed that) - i definitely got more out of my $7 sit down meal if i could say that.    we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving & decided to call this place.  we were set on pizza & got our appetizers & "
5078,5,Positive," Great pizza and i had the best pizza puff ever! and so many other things! being able to play dress up as a pirate while also having a good pizza is what makes this place so unique.  so come on in and have a blast! :)"" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.   will definitely be back "
5079,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price with stellar service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza, but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, "
5080,5,Positive," Great pizza, right down to the cheese grating.   they got it right with the toppings,  adding more cheese does not make it better, it justtastes better.   no matter how good your pizza is, you must stop and try it alfredo.  it will amaze you.  oh and the basil? they add a small piece to each slice. so is it real or is it fake? you decide.  good food at a fair price.  you must try it. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). "
5081,5,Positive," Great pizza, right down to the last bite. i wouldn't change a thing. if you haven't been here it's worth the trip. i guarantee you'll enjoy the atmosphere, the pizza is superb and the service is terrific.  i highly recommend!!"" ""finally made a trip to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after "
5082,5,Positive," Great pizza that really hot cut through the middle of the pizza and the crust cooked through too! i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. we ate a "
5083,5,Positive," Great pizza you can eat alone or with friends and family?saying that tuesday is a great day to eat alone is a little disheartening.  having said that, i'll definitely be back.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, "
5084,5,Positive," Great pizza, along with a great sandwich; all for a reasonable price (redditors say $9-$13 for a large sandwich). hear me out...i say if you can stomach the taste of crock pot cooking food, then i say if you can stomach the smell of cole slaw, too."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i really try to keep up with the times and try new things.  the pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say i'm a sucker it. each time i come to eat at least one more slice of pizza from the best pizza place in vegas!  i definitely recommend sauce "
5085,5,Positive," Great pizza by far. we are retired but still around 40 year old and craving some pizza. we love deep dish and the mild pizza we ordered on the strip is just fine.  we got lucky & got a table but it was a great row with the other patrons and we would gladly go again.          other than that great pizza, everything was excellent.  we had cheese pizza, a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers, a generic meat lovers, a generic pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! lots of great recipes on the web!  a real organic chain that i would definitely go to!  just found out about this place and "
5086,5,Positive," Great pizza I have ever had. new york style thin crust pizza with high quality toppings and a great sauce. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is pretty affordable ply they seem happy doing this and they seem to be a big supporter of local pizza so things will definitely be different this time around.    we will continue to come back and try some of the pizza that they make!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. we heard the wait was going to be a while so we decided to come anyway. we waited just under the bridge going out of town and we were a little skeptical. we arrived just before ten and the line was already long. we waited no more than 10 seconds for a table "
5087,5,Positive," Great pizza, or as close as you can get without spending a fortune on a very, very good pizza.  we did not try much of anyone else's dishes and will not try much of anyone else's.  one can always try their own dish if so, i will say that was a very good thing to try."" ""i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! this is truly a local gem that i will be back to! the pizza was great and they made a great pizza crust! i will definitely be back and if you are ever in wendy's building, be sure to stop by and try their pizza! i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about this place!"" ""wendy's is "
5088,5,Positive," Great pizza, or pizza that is half pizza and hot peppers, is better then any other type of pizza you will find in the area.  we did not try any of the specialty pizzas, but we will definitely be back for more.  by the looks of the other reviews on yelp (which, despite what some of the negative comments on there say, i23qe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag), some folks are really passionate about their pizza and want it to be as good as possible every time they come here. i say if you want to try it, there's a good chance you will like it."" ""while it may be nice for a quick bite, there's nothing quick "
5089,5,Positive," Great pizza I have ever had, and the guys are very friendly.  both the buns i ordered with were perfectly baked and topped with pork green chili flakes, tomato, garlic and sausages. so good, in fact, i almost never eat too much meat on my diet.  however, i do wish they included some grilled cheese with every slice, because that would have been awesome."" ""i was somewhat reticent to go after reading the pther yelp reviews but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews.  that said, i have to say that i am quite pleased with the pizza i ordered.  the wing pizza with fries as delicious (i'd take a giant bowl of the fries alone because they were addictive), "
5090,5,Positive," Great pizza, great crust and toppings, and it was under 30 minutes to get there from my house.   i definitely recommend this place for any pizza needing a little bit of boost of positivity, a little bit of fun, and a healthy dose of competition.   by the looks of the other reviews i was skeptical when my boyfriend said they only had pepperoni on it's menu. but wow are they good. i can't wait to try those spicy salami and oregano leaves.  we ordered a lot more pizza then we could have finished, and it was all amazing. the crust was delicious, the toppings were good, and the cashew milk shake was delicious! we ate them both before bed and "
5091,5,Positive," Great pizza, better than most even ny style."" ""looks like a typical bar on the strip, but has gourmet frittatas, amazing pizza and soft serve mmmm goodness. looks like a typical pizza joint, but somehow this one lived up to its billing and created a delicious pizza that everyone should try! looks like a typical bar on the strip, but has gourmet frittatas, amazing pizza and soft serve mmmm goodness. looks like a typical pizza joint, but somehow this one lived up to its billing and created a delicious pizza that everyone should try! looks like a typical bar on the strip, but has gourmet frittatas, amazing pizza and soft serve mmmm goodness. looks like a typical bar "
5092,5,Positive," Great pizza but not too greasy which is the only way to go.    the special sauce is to die for and so is the quality of the pizza. i prefer using the regular sauce because it makes me happy and makes me healthier. the wedges are wonderful and so are the grilled onions.   both the ingredients are great and i will continue to go back! i might even become a regular!!!!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i "
5093,5,Positive," Great pizza, fresh ingredients, decent price, what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arugula pizza and the spicy salami. the arugula was absolutely to die for.  thick slices of pepperoni toppers complete with ice to make it even better served cold.    the spicy salami was delicious. not too salty, not too sweet, and absolutely perfect flakey crust.  we wish we ended up getting to try more of their pizza, but we will definitely be back.    it has been awhile since their last regular pizza, and they appear to be a little ways away.  we will be back to try their pizza.    it has been awhile since "
5094,5,Positive," Great pizza but heavy on the carbs. can you blame me?  we're talkin' pizza here, bro.    we got lucky & got a table with our faces right next to each other. we ordered off the bat and were very pleased with the pizza we ordered.  we shared a few slices wit tha' other guests and they seemed to be very satisfied as well.    while the slices are very good, the pizza itself was very poor.  only had medium pizza, cheese pizza, and some mild cheese pizza.  i think my bf had an odd slice though.  i don't know if he liked it or if he was just taunting me.  after the slice i took with a doll "
5095,5,Positive," Great pizza, but thin crust just fine."" best new york pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!  very friendly staff ! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. "
5096,5,Positive," Great pizza…but was it yummy?   not only are the toppings amazing, the pizza itself is outstanding as well. we ordered a large garlic bread with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked) and sweet white onions (we like to eat a lot of problle which is why we topped it with garlic.)  the mushrooms were very tasty - much more so than you'd expect for the price point. i can't wait to try some of the steak dishes"". ""in the past, there were spans when i would order pizza way too often. lately, i've been eating a lot healthier...though, i'm not made of stone.  "
5097,5,Positive," Great pizza, but the frosty fondant topping is to die for. i imagine it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our "
5098,5,Positive," Great pizza is absolutely essential for a good vegan pizza. i highly recommend mushroom pizza over any other style as it's incredibly tasty with only minimal prep time (aseymilk is a by-product of the cheese making process). under $40, it's a great everyday meal. highly recommended! ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i "
5099,5,Positive," Great pizza (little spicy).  i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my santa picked up their order and proceeded to amaze me with his/her knowledge of both pizza and santa.   within minutes of meeting up with my santa i learned they now offer a variety of grilled cheese sandwiches, as well as a delicious vegetarian dish. i was so excited!   within minutes of meeting up with my santa i learned they now offer a variety of grilled cheese sandwiches, as well as a delicious vegetarian dish. i was so excited!   within minutes of meeting up with my santa i learned they now offer a variety of grilled cheese sandwiches, as well as a delicious vegetarian dish. i was "
5100,5,Positive," Great pizza and great service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mezcal arm)!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great care of me. he recommended the date/jalapeño pizza. "
5101,5,Positive," Great pizza, eh?  now onto the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly for before a big night out. it was not uncommon when i worked there for groups of 8 to show up with a couple of boxes of wine and have a great time before hitting the night life. now i happen to prefer a better quality to drink myself, but love that this joint is casual enough to cater to that crowd and nice enough to suit my needs as a young professional as well.   the white pizza (5-cheese) is a must. i highly recommend sharing one "
5102,5,Positive," Great pizza, great foghorn and great wings. we got lucky & ate outside as well as inside as it was pouring. will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along "
5103,5,Positive," Great pizza!! we both love their pizza and relish in the opportunity to order some. also, they are a perfect fit for anyone's family or group. i bet my dad would agree - yummy, cheap, and perfectly baked.   cannot wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the flavor of the food was excellent.  everything tasted better the next day.  again, im so glad we ordered takeout!  it was such a thoughtful and delicious order."" ""by the slice is one of "
5104,5,Positive," Great pizza you can eat on the go? yes, yes and yes again! i have to say i wasn't sure while ordering which toppings to expect.   the giant slices with cheese on them are amazeballs! oh so good, in a good way. i'd order that again. i just finished eating that huge pizza with giant pieces of cheese and large slices of pepperoni, and i can't wait to try it again.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken "
5105,5,Positive," Great pizza. old fashion school pizza. real deal real pizza. fresh ingredients, awesome sauce. touch of salt and pepper. all around a great pizza. go try it, you wont be disappointed."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors there -- just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned "
5106,5,Positive," Great pizza, this place has a place in my book club.  i'll be back; it's been awhile since last visiting and i didn't make any plans for a date night so i was quite surprised when my boyfriend and myself were asked to go with him. we thought it would be a bit of a weird promotion, but ok...we went because we wanted to dine together and i ordered pepperoni and it was a brilliant decision on his part. he definitely got the message and i got to eat with my boyfriend again.  the service was very friendly and prompt even though i was totally hammered that night. i highly recommend this place for any date night celebration or large group outing, it was even great leftovers the next day!"" "
5107,5,Positive," Great pizza with zucchini hummus, tomatoes, onions, and peas; a homemade zinger with basil, tomatoes, and peppers; and a baked ziti pasta.   while every other pizza was good, this one was a nice break from the usual and a great compliment to any pizza you eat.   you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask if they prefer a little spicy garlic oil.  apparently my pizza just took longer to cook lol."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up "
5108,5,Positive," Great pizza. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. cinnamon bun is such a nice guy. thank you!"" ""i learned a lot from this place.  the staff is very friendly, attentive and polite.  they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas.  i will definitely come back!"" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the mushroom pizza and i must say the whole experience was better than if we ordered from a restaurant. thank you!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never "
5109,5,Positive," Great pizza!! and so many other things!!  this is a great spot to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific pizza!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! good service and great pizza!! ""pizza was pretty good, not too heavy on the toppings but not too greasy.   we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a large cheese pizza, lots of it!! it was delicious, gave us 4 slices of cheese and a large salad, great on the go breakfast!  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a large cheese pizza, lots of it!! it was delicious, gave us 4 slices of cheese and a large salad, great "
5110,5,Positive," Great pizza. good sauce. good crust. lunch with the slice and dinner with the meat combo is a must.   the prices are so damn low.   everyone i know that has eaten here has loved it.  i will definitely come back here.  everything i ordered was delicious, and everyone was friendly.  i will definitely come back to this place.  the place is packed in the evening even on weekdays.  amazing."" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onions, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes. pleasant service also and the place was packed with patrons."" ""tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that "
5111,5,Positive," Great pizza affordable prices. always friendly and quick service. going strong for going right."" ""walmart is a great italian/chicago style pizza and emporium for great hachapuri. italian-style thin crust pizzas are also very good. the sauce is so good i drink it straight from the jar. the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it (i think thanks to the honey bbq sauce it is even better!)  we also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  "
5112,5,Positive," Great pizza, no contest. a cupcake eatin', too. i've been there twice in one week. the cupcake was always good, though. so am i a fan or not?"" ""i still can't believe these are our food trucks. i've been coming to this for years and have never been let down. both times they were a little ways away, but somehow got here through luck of the draw. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we will be back. i will definitely come back. the pizza was amazing and the combined drink is AMAZING. i would really recommend this place to anyone.  everyone on my crew loves this place. the only thing i will say is "
5113,5,Positive," Great pizza and a really good little sandwich that you can put in your mouth and not complain about. I also tried the big cheese pizza and it was delicious.  you want to ask me out for dinner?  well, i would definitely recommend against it -- but if you must, you can always borrow my jacket and eat out with me.   after all, i was just having dinner with my boyfriend and he said that all the other tables around us had already ordered and were going back."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build them a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. the restaurant was "
5114,5,Positive," Great pizza, fresh ingredients, and decent prices. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, "
5115,5,Positive," Great pizza and i was give some garlic bread and that was great too! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. was a bit pricey but sort of worth it. overall i give it a 8 1/2 out of 10."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""amazing savory pies!!!  the green chili gringo hand pie is ridiculous.  perfect flakey crust, just the right amount of filling of pork green chili, eggs, potatoes and cheddar "
5116,5,Positive," Great pizza? Yes, yes, yes!"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week. the workers there were friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  i got a slice of their white chapel pizza (ricotta and spinach) as "
5117,5,Positive," Great pizza, no other cheese on it, just some basic ingredients and a touch of pepperoni to it. it turned out great. we got lucky enough to try the mushroom pizza and the wings. i highly recommend these. we got lucky to try both."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come "
5118,5,Positive," Great pizza can be as good as or better than real pizza, and that's the beauty of it. Real pizza has it's flaws, but at least they've fixed the crust so far. yummy sauce, great crust. fresh ingredients on hand, awesome sauce. tasty toppings. well made pizza. quick and easy cleanup afterward. offers a variety of pizza's that will please your pallette.   you won't be disappointed, especially if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza and want to try something new.   you'll have to order from the restaurant, though; the menu says to order from the stand, so maybe if you waiters aren't around you'll be able to order from the table."" "
5119,5,Positive," Great pizza but heavy on the carbs. needs work on the garlic bread."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good selection. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave it all the time. the specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. my friends "
5120,5,Positive," Great pizza is good, nothing describes how we ate an entire pizza here. we had the forager which was a combo pizza with meatballs and potatoes. it was very very good! after that we had the margarita pizza which was just spicy salami. it was so good! after that we had the big apple pizza which was just spicy salami mixed with spinach. it was so good! after that we had the calzones which was a good pizza in its own right. it was tasty, cheap and cheerful. a wonderful creation that we can't wait to try! if you are ever in nellos, you must go to mr. gyro's. i will confidently say that you will not find anyone who makes them better "
5121,5,Positive," Great pizza here. many thumbs up cbp!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more choices  in dipping sauces. best gluten free vegan pizza in the world!!! ""super delicious ! now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. but they were gone before another thought came up. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. my new local go to spot for pizza !!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt "
5122,5,Positive," Great pizza bar in the country. they also have great fries."" ""fries are good, it doesn't matter if you order mini or large. they are fresh and delicious. I have been here 3 night in a row.  the wings are good, the pizza is good, and the attitude of the whole place is great. i will definitely come back!"" ""fries are good, the pizza is good, and the service is good.  everyone is friendly and the environment is great.  a definitely a must come to charbar!    it may not look like much from the outside, but the pizza is absolutely amazing and the employees are very on point to make sure you are satisfied.  no matter your tastes "
5123,5,Positive," Great pizza, but lacking some of the other staples.  that's your opinion.  I understand, but i ate pizza with sausage on it a few times growing up and i can tell you that it is not impossible to make a good thin crust pizza without some of the other staples.  my dad had pizza with mushrooms and spinach and he was not disappointed.  my mom had pizza with peppers and onion and the onions were good.  my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was perfect.  amazing hot and cold.  everything was amazing.  i will definitely eat here again on my next "
5124,5,Positive," Great pizza, which is basically a brick oven baked cheese pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion., la la good thin crust pizza, with great toppings and an awesome sauce. also, they're not fake cheese! they just taste better the longer you've had them.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time "
5125,5,Positive," Great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and "
5126,5,Positive," Great pizza and the 9-5 is a pretty good deal for a decent pizza.  try it out!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in "
5127,5,Positive," Great pizza but lacking in many areas.  badly burnt but no problem.  fresh ingredients but on the fresh side.  good price point.  give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cle "
5128,5,Positive," Great pizza, eh?  and there was more portion for the same price.  definitely worth a visit ...... again & again...... at least for the arugula & garlic bread     food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""if you are going to eat at a restaurant and don't want to wait for tables - so good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very friendly staff! give it a try!"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details "
5129,5,Positive," Great pizza,"" said one poster. ""great pizza. always friendly and quick service. love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon.""  "
5130,5,Positive," Great pizza, tasty toppings and a cool looking place in the plaza courtyard.  people love their margarita pizza and the Cuban sandwich at that!"" ""the best chicago style pizza in town! being from the east coast, that should say a lot"" we are professionals when it comes to pizza and we are professionals at conveying that we are concerned about the quality of food coming in.  that is why we are leaving reviews in place of adorning the place with art.  if you are not familiar with the pizza, it is basically a thin crust pizza with an extra topping of semolina and spinach.  it is so easy to make a great pizza that i am surprised it is still around!  one "
5131,5,Positive," Great pizza and the best meats and cheeses. it was the breakfast of champions!"" best new york pizza ever! the staff is always friendly and polite.  will definitely come back! ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to pitt includes a visit to aiello's. and if we know anyone driving east, we request a transfer! "
5132,5,Positive," Great pizza, is very good pizza, and so is the chicken parm hoagie.  excellent on the go breakfast food!  when my husband and i were here we thought it was a pizzaiolo's place so we all ordered pizza. it wasn't until we were waiting for the food to come, that we looked around and realised every other table around us only had hachapuri or chicken parm hoagie. guess we gotta come back to try! we did notice that the menu said their pasta is homemade. so will definitely come back.  here's the pizza we ordered:  hachapuri - really tasty pizza. i can't wait to try it. we ordered a cozmo burger and "
5133,5,Positive," Great pizza! good sauce, it is delicious! and the crust is amazing – really tasty. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is pretty affordable ply they seem to doing a good job of it.  will definitely come back for the pizza specially for the price it's a good deal when the pizza here is that good!"" ""the pizza was really good! they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it tastes really really good. they also have a great selection of bottled beers - which is cool as hell.  we got lucky and got to try the margarita pizza - which was a really tasty blend of flavors!  we got lucky enough to eat at a table with the owners - they must really enjoy pizza "
5134,5,Positive," Great pizza nor do I ever want to eat crust from a pizza that has not been bunsized (i believe they are made from whole wheat instead of refined sugar).   as far as pizzas go, my absolutely favorite is the real deal, the real deal, the real deal! when you eat an authentic pizza, you get the real deal. when you eat a thin crust pizza, you are getting real thin crust. when you order a large, you are getting real big boy! i get bored easily and have tried many times to recreate the crust on the cheap.   the crust is so good, i am usually satisfied after just one slice.   i always tell people to try the rings, because they are so "
5135,5,Positive," Great pizza here. happy to come out to this great pizza joint and sharing great pizza with great service. arugula and delicate squash salad is alway the best thing i have ever eaten in my entire life. please come to arcadia valley and try this pizza! ""first time here.  checked in and got the garlic knots as an appetizer really good! got the pepperoni pizza and the mushroom pizza really hot too!  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  also, the pizza was delicious and the compliments on how it was done are great.  definitely a great place to hang out and socialize with friends.  !"" ""the coolest place to "
5136,5,Positive," Great pizza here, for the most part.  we ordered the standard wood oven pizza and there was plenty of charcoal.   they also serve up a great ginger beer float with all the fixin's you could want.  i had the ginger beer float and i can definitely say its helped me immensely.  my only complaint is that we should have entered this place sooner, perhaps during high noon, when most places are closed.  instead of closing down so quickly, maybe consider opening this place until 8 or 9 tonight and allowing us to eat during happy hour.  after all, it's a great foodie haunt!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and "
5137,5,Positive," Great pizza, <3"" ""when i saw this place show up as a favorite on yelp i was a little skeptical.  but the reviews on yelp are quite telling.  people are sharing their experiences with the staff, and i definitely hear their voices.  therefore, with that said, i will definitely come back!  the pizza was great, the garlic bread amazing, and the crock pot is a lifesaver!  i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza, anytime, anywhere!"" ""we live here for a work related trip and came for lunch.  we were starving and decided to stop in.  we ordered a mushroom pizza and hot lips (i remember pineapple as one of the toppings). "
5138,5,Positive," Great pizza, and equal portions of goodness. great for sharing with a friend or for one just stopping by and trying the pizza for $5 bucks and being pleasantly surprised."" ""awesome place. walked away with a cool pepperoni pizza, a slice of hyper fresh goat cheese, some mozzarella cheese, some fresh basil, and a generous portion of pepperoni. also they have really good thin crust pizza -- the crust is fluffy, the toppings are really tasty, and the cole slaw was quite possibly my favorite thing on the menu. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the giant slice of pizza in the window, but it was clear that the pizza was still being made and that the slices were still hot.  "
5139,5,Positive," Great pizza though. i suggest people to get there own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. also, get there own cheese pizza and pound it with mushrooms! i was completely smitten with this pizza and will definitely eat here again. get there own pizza if you want though, it was an awesome try!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in central phoenix! the staff is very friendly, the pizza is great and the wings are incredible!  we really got on b 'ole quickly and walked around a few places before settling on this one.  we'll be back again and again!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server "
5140,5,Positive," Great pizza, but find something you like and will happily eat here again on your next visit.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i "
5141,5,Positive," Great pizza you can eat in or as an over-the-counter pick up - we're fans!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. they also gave us some great plain yogurt too. plain and sourdough is so easy to make, and the yogurt "
5142,5,Positive," Great pizza and i thought they'd nailed the concept -- pop up pizza, let's call it that is where it's at. Yelp came through on their end and replaced the yelp gold with a smoothie shake. a refreshing change of pace from the usual overly caffeinated blast of caffeine. thumbs up!"" ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the pizza was amazing and they had a nice selection of local craft beer, which was nice since i was visiting from out of town. also they have real local ingredients, which is kind of important. I went in for my ritual slice and they gave me a real slice of their cheesy deliciousness. honestly i can't complain -- we will definitely be "
5143,5,Positive," Great pizza, constant great service, and the price doesn't make you cry. so if you've never been here, or if you just want a quick bite while shopping, is there anything you can do about it other than give it a try? you won't be disappointed!"" ""we ordered takeout yesterday and we were a little skeptical. we walked in a little before 11:30 and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper!  i definitely recommend adding grape to your order if you "
5144,5,Positive," Great pizza. by the looks of the other reviews they don't do delivery or big orders well. so, i say if you want a quick bite while shopping, walking around coventry, or before a show this the place to go!"" this is the place to go if you are on a tight budget and don't feel like cooking. we recommend the mussel tacos al pastor, the green chili pot pie, and the butternut squash pie. all of them are great! we also recommend the spaghetti and meatballs, the meat sauce, and the garlic bread. ""good thin crust pizza with good toppings and an ok selection of meats. we had the guido yesterday and the pizza was great. we got lucky we caught a show "
5145,5,Positive," Great pizza, or so we've been told.  we ordered a large pepperoni and salami , and a generic meat combo.  the pizza was amazing, and they must have meant to say cheese pizza since there was no cheese on the box. we ordered a pizza and a pepperoni slice with pepperoni and sauerkraut - and those were the only ingredients listed.  we both love black pepperoni, and that is what this review is for.  we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" super yummy pizza and salads! exactly what i was looking for! safe to say this will be a go to place when i am in the durham region for work! "
5146,5,Positive," Great pizza and nice selection of meats. will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a really tasty pizza! it has a really clean look and it really tastes good. they also give it a great serve of roasting. ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and the most affordable dining option. fresh ingredients, amazing sauce and it just tastes so yummy!"" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while "
5147,5,Positive," Great pizza, or light lunch for that matter - and the fact that they offer unlimited toppings on every single one of their pizzas... i have to say i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza when it came.)  when my mom showed up later that night with a large pizza and i helped her toss it "
5148,5,Positive," Great pizza, but needs more toppings. please add more chicken to the mix!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. service is excellent. everyone on my crew loves the pizza and the mood is so upbeat. so much pizza! i recommend this place to my co-workers and students!"" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean "
5149,5,Positive," Great pizza , steak and potatoes and of course good pizza and wings ."" "" i am new to green pizza but have been ordering pizza from this place for about 9 months and have never had a problem.  they always have a good pizza and the service is friendly.  they also deliver outside if you are nearby.  outside pizza is great and so is this place.  i recommend this place for all you pizza lovers and must endorse the mildro mexicana pizza."" ""Green pizza is a great italian/chicago style pizza that i highly recommend! the crust is great, the cheese is gooey, the sauce is great and the whole pizza is amazing. it's also affordable.   every "
5150,5,Positive," Great pizza and half of it was pure gold! the other half was made with whole wheat crust and some may even enjoy it without the whole crust!  I can't wait to go back and try some of the crusts that haven't been done yet!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come "
5151,5,Positive," Great pizza with a really high quality of pizza. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking "
5152,5,Positive," Great pizza and shakes. i also tried the 5"""" pork green chili pot pie, which of course was wonderful. pork green chili is sooo gross! i would rather eat an excellent pizza and cry myself to sleep than be reminded of this disgusting habit.   i know it's weird. lol i thought of asking for the shakes because there is a place in brooklyn i have yet to find that compares.  if you are ever in brooklyn, i would definitely recommend stopping by and trying their pizza.  i will definitely stop back in and try those too."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that "
5153,5,Positive," Great pizza, but a good one that doesn't require you to be there otherwise. too bad none of us were there to enjoy the cornhole machine."" ""i can't believe we went there yesterday for brunch. we ended up getting drenched in champagne i think that was delicious.  we ordered a ton of food and it was all amazing.  the grilled cheese burger, the pizza with spinach, tomato, and mushrooms and the charred chicken over salad.  it was amazing.  i can still taste the garlic in my breath and i'm quite okay with that.  no one likes cornbread, but i definitely liked it.    the grilling stuff is gross and i don't want my granny to have to go "
5154,5,Positive," Great pizza, and some good value with a great pizza and a great menu. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison "
5155,5,Positive," Great pizza. had the guido and zen garden for lunch. i loved them both!  very friendly servers and very good pizza.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, i was able to eat two slices and was full.   i would urge people to place an order well in advance as there is usually some order making involved."" ""...i've had "
5156,5,Positive," Great pizza there, and the mains are good, too.  good place to come back for more pizza!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part "
5157,5,Positive," Great pizza, great family atmosphere. every bite is worth the price! i highly recommend! to the pizza pioneers: i say spit and vinegar on that tomato and white - or grill it yourself! because it's the right thing to do."" ""we love the theme of oregano's. we ordered parmesan pizza and veggie burgers. the vegan hot bq was amazing and the family was happy. they were also very open and welcoming. we will definitely come back!"" ""everything was so delicious! i am totally obsessed with black olives. i think i am addicted to the flavor.   the menu said they had pizza but i ordered chicken tenders and i think they over charged me by a penny or so.  "
5158,5,Positive," Great pizza. we had the five cheese pizza and the seven cheesesteaks. they were all wonderful. also, we love the theme of oregano and piola. evergreen is such a great place to eat after dark."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance here is trendy. a little strip mall type of vibe. trendy place to eat after dark. trendy atmosphere overall. if you're on de la montagne just walking on de la casa, you'll see people walking around eating pizza.  i would urge anyone to go to oregano's instead of striking up a conversation in the restaurant. just "
5159,5,Positive," Great pizza, awesome sauce, and an extremely fresh salad. we frequently come back because we think it tastes even better the next time we order.   the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the "
5160,5,Positive," Great pizza, hot wings, fries seasoned with pepperoni and sausages, onions, and bacon, and topped with prime rib, blue cheese, and grated cheese.   it was amazing!  i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way, it was a really inspired!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and "
5161,5,Positive," Great pizza, and the hail must have been fantastic, as it was difficult to find parking in germany."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal. "
5162,5,Positive," Great pizza! yummy sauce, it's fantastic! and the guys are nice."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. we also tried the giant slice with cheese, but i cannot complain too much - the pizza was delicious, and the small slice with pepperoni "
5163,5,Positive," Great pizza at a great price. great local ingredients in a delicious crust and toppings. everything you can eat pizza on the strip and more. oh and it tastes great the next day.   it's been my tradition ever since pizza hut opened its doors in '97 to have lunch with my family and have the pizza we ordered and enjoyed.   today is my 23rd birthday and i am the happiest, craziest, most awesome 4 y.o. i can't wait to tell all of y'all.  now i say ""everybody"" but i've known some really nice families at pizza hut. i definitely noticed some improvement from day one.   that rice? so so so so so so so so "
5164,5,Positive," Great pizza and the best gluten free crust. tried the mushroom pizza and italian-style pizza with sausage.  the crust is fluffy, not too heavy crust favorible by the spoon.  they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas.  please continue to support the great pizza and the people who make it yummy!"" ""ordered the gluten free pizza with chili cheese hummus and fresh goat cheese. the mild pizza with hummus and feta; the big cheese pizza with Sesame seeds on the side; the buffalo chicken pizza with hummus and spinach; the peanut butter and jelly pizza with Sesame seeds on the side; the cheesy delicious pizza with hummus and c "
5165,5,Positive," Great pizza all around and the $6 starter pizza is a steal.   every bite is worth the price of one pizza.   great food at a great value with wonderful service! what more could you ask for?"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip "
5166,5,Positive," Great pizza is some of the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a "
5167,5,Positive," Great pizza, but not too good, not too fresh.  we wish we ended up getting a whole though, that would have been awesome.  the wings are great too, juicy and delicious, but not overly greasy.  the dough was nicely cooked and the tomato sauce was integrated really well.  thank you!"" ""my pizza was really good! my husband said that they were very good too. i will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a little wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and "
5168,5,Positive," Great pizza, or frittata, as my son calls it, and prefers plain cheese with a dash of sesame seeds and sun dried tomatoes. i'm giving it a thumbs up because it tastes good, and because of course there has to be more to it. i'm sure it will be good no matter the ratio of cheese."" ""i've come here a couple times and was happy each time. i'll be back. the pizza was good, and the customer service is excellent. i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza need be it."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of "
5169,5,Positive," Great pizza or cheese bread!  very friendly and good service!  well done!!!"" ""dear sarita, i am writing to you to ask if you would be willing to come out for dinner and to discuss your recent experience.  unfortunately, i lost you there.  I'll bet you my 3 and under were underdone.  I'll give you a hard time for not paying attention, but i assure you i was never pressured to overindulge or anything.  my husband and i both love their pizza and will be back.  i will definitely be back; it's that good.    i wanted to try something new, so i found the closest ny pizza place to my house. ordered two large "
5170,5,Positive," Great pizza, hands down. awesome crust, awesome cheese, and an amazing sauce. we ate half today, Mr. Chow was superb. recommend sharing one with your table or making ahead a large batch and sharing with the rest of your party ( i highly recommend this yummy pizza ). you wont be disappointed to come here again!!"" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a large cheese pizza and a small salad.  the pizza was fantastic and the small one too!  the small one had cheese on it and was very tasty.  we went there again today to try something different.    we ordered chicken wings with garlic ranch and he was very complimentary of the chicken.  we will definitely "
5171,5,Positive," Great pizza. different kinds of meats. good sauce. tasty crust. everything is good. the only thing i will say is that i know several people who are regulars at the brew and that is a great place to drop by if you are on foot in the area. ""relax, relax, everyone loves a good pizza and we do too! we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we continued to look at the menu that "
5172,5,Positive," Great pizza!! and so many other things!! my """"go to"""" pizza place. Thank you so much!""""""!""""""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have been ordering pizza from dominos, that is, about as far away as you can get from any big city pizza joint.  we love the food.    the only problem we have is the pizza doesn't seem to be that good.  we've been looking forward to trying the pizza again since it was introduced.  unfortunately, we won't have to wait long to try something different.    it's not that we think it's "
5173,5,Positive," Great pizza. good sauce. good crust. good toppings. good sauce. good combo of ingredients to make a good pizza.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""came for lunch. so yummy! the diavola pizza with spicy salami and sauerkraut was a must. we got the spicy salami dog and they ate the whole thing right up! recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it was a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic "
5174,5,Positive," Great pizza and cold brew, that's all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the foosball section of city, but stoops is a good walk in cooler and a great get together spot with lots of seating area.   the regular pizza is good, but the cesar salad is a must.  great with the kids or before a show.  i like to eat their pizza straight from the oven instead of putting it through a dry bar.  I like the crust to be a little crispy and fresh, even when "
5175,5,Positive," Great pizza and casual ambiance. great for meeting friends. espn. review: it's the closest dine in pizza place i've been to. they also have good thin crust pizza (like the one at bosh) which is why we came here.  we ordered the arugula pesto party pizza and the grilled garlic chicken pizza. the arugula pesto was delicious and we really liked the light garlic yogurt and to top it off, they gave us a nice sourdough starter! i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on "
5176,5,Positive," Great pizza, too. good place to come back to!"" with having three kids in the house we differently eat a lot of pizza. by far the best pizza i have had in arcadia area. we moved in a couple blocks away and this will be a great place for us to stop back in our area. oh and the wings amazing. first place i have asked for extra crispy and they understood what i meant!!! ""good pizza, great wings and the best pizza that i have ever had. they were adding garlic knots to the end when i asked if they could break them apart for me.  they did not, as per usual, but i had the knots anyway and they were perfectly cooked and the wings were good.   they are "
5177,5,Positive," Great pizza, but the $4 big boy pizza just doesn't cut it.  if you want to eat a good pizza and want to save some money, I would definitely recommend going to a restaurant that offers both.  unfortunately, my wife and i came here before them and we were not disappointed.  they are a 10 in 10 on customer service!  we will be back - again and again - and again."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to pitt includes "
5178,5,Positive," Great pizza, but lacking some other items that would be ideal for sharing.  we will continue to come back, but i would recommend the homemade mozzarella appetizers over the bland but tasty pizza here."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!  very neighborly!  highly recommend!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  "
5179,5,Positive," Great pizza but good value with quality ingredients. they used fresh ingredients and the sauce was really tasty. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza laying down, on the sidewalk outside they were having a barbecue earlier in the day so i don't know if they were just taking pictures before or after the pizza was cooked but they sure looked good."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the eggplant pizza is my favorite. i mean, i've liked all the ones "
5180,5,Positive," Great pizza, but my family had a blast and so was i!    we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and decided to call this place.  it was delivered in 45 minutes.  not bad.  it tasted home-made, and the delivery man was a little chummy.   i lived everything about our experience, except for the fact that the woman on the phone who took my order was short in her words, giving me a bit of attitude.  that's the only reason i am not giving a 5-star rating."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and "
5181,5,Positive," Great pizza would also be nice, but i think the crust is good enough to eat and tastes great leftovers later."" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , just leaving it there was a little bit awkward, i ended up taking a picture of the pizza with a fork so you can see how it is made, and i can definitely see ya eatin' that crust, kiddo. take a picture and send it to the owners, i'd really love to see you eatin' doughnuts from here on out!"" ""my absolutely favorite "
5182,5,Positive," Great pizza :D every one needs to go here! it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and agnolotti. i also need to mention how delicious the tiramisu was - and i'm a chocolate cake kinda girl! service was also phenomenal - we can't wait to return!!"" ""always searching for a lunch deal - that's "
5183,5,Positive," Great pizza though. my favourite is the real deal, it's the real deal."" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back "
5184,5,Positive," Great pizza like you've never had and you should all be in cinnamon. try it if you are area."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper!  i highly recommend adding some to your cart upon arrival to ensure you get all the benefits of the drink while also ensuring you don't overindulge.  you also "
5185,5,Positive," Great pizza here. a little pricey though.  pop up pizza is great too, but the pizza here is right up there with tuesday night's twenty five hundred dollar price tag.  twenty five hundred dollars?!   man, is that price gouging?!  twenty one five is another great pizza joint we recommend.  they give twenty one five percent off on bottles of wine, too.  twenty one five can you believe that?!  twenty one five is also a great place to get together with friends to order pizza!  we both love their pizza, it is incredible!"" ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than ten years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner, or "
5186,5,Positive," Great pizza, however, all pizza should have a sauce! especially if you are a beginner like myself.   so after so many purchases I can vouch that this is good pizza! i'll be back!  it's near wendy's on the strip and has extremely good pizza! i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza, even hyper yummy!   it's also very walk up friendly, which is important if you are going to ao.   either way, this is a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific pizza!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt "
5187,5,Positive," Great pizza, hands down. we had the lambretta special pizza and the base recipe pork tenderloin. absolute best pizza i have ever had and the guys are very nice. i will definitely eat here time and time again. kudos to you."" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  scott the owner "
5188,5,Positive," Great pizza, blancman! ""blancman's pizza is a winner. it's the closest dine in pizza i can find that's affordable, tasty, and focuses on cooking exceptionally well. they also have byob, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. i highly recommend this place for any gastronomical or dietary need."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there "
5189,5,Positive," Great pizza and right next to it is this cool little cafe/restaurant that i will go back to!  i will definitely stop back in there again.  i will definitely recommend this place to my friends and family!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed "
5190,5,Positive," Great pizza you can take home. men are obsessed with pizza."" ""i can't believe i'm giving away free pizza to a co-worker's birthday party. i thought it was a pizza store special. :)"" ""we got lucky tonight.  we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings.  the pizza was phenomenal and we had a blast playing with the crust.  we also ordered a large salad and some grilled cheese.  the salad was delicious and had some good chunks of cheese.  we really need to invest in fresh fruits and veggies.  everyone at work seems to love pizza.  hopefully we'll be back  to try their pizzas."" ""i thought everything was fantastic. "
5191,5,Positive," Great pizza, awesome crust and toppings, and the most recent addition of hot wings. there's more to it though, as i learned over the past few months. first place i have asked for extra crispy and crunching on the edges, along with a sprinkle of garlic. they responded by saying that they make those exactly like the ones on the menu, so i guess i am lucky if i get one bad return. another time i asked for a soda fountain drink, and they gave me one without a soda fountain drink, so i guess i am lucky if i get one bad return. unfortunately, i don't know that they offer any sort of coupon code, but either way, it's the rule. so after the pizza I had the waiter come "
5192,5,Positive," Great pizza here. i've been here twice back to back. first time i got a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,; second time i tried to 'layer' the flavors by asking them to make rings of sauce on the crust before cheese and toppings are added. the result wasnt as i was expecting, and i realized they dont put a lot of sauce because it makes the pie soggy.  i expect to be coming here frequently to try out the different combinations of pies."" ""great newyork style pizza, crust and dough is really good. lunch with the slice and salad and drink is so bomb for like 4 bucks, maybe the cheapest lunch in town and it good, not just something you eat "
5193,5,Positive," Great pizza as low as $9.99 and they steam buns (i believe they are homemade).  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which of course was wonderful.  there's lots of great vegan pizza recipes here, and the ones on here tend to be a little healthier than the pizza on yelp.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, "
5194,5,Positive," Great pizza responsibly sourced ingredients on the menu that you can make an contribution to the community! my go to is a medium pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really proud of this place! the pizza was ready in less than 5 minutes and the delivery guy was a real boss! highly recommend!"" ""great pizza!! pizza is really good!! we had a cheese pizza and a large salad and the mild pizza was really good too! we also tried the mushroom pizza and it was a perfect blend of ingredients! the serving is enough for two, and the mix was really tasty with a nice boost of fiber!  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!  i will definitely stop in here again and try some more "
5195,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price with great food. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
5196,5,Positive," Great pizza, and the staff was great.  on little surprise was the cesar salad. the owner shared that they make all their own dressings so we had to give it a try spook good. give bruno a try and the only problem will be trying to replicate the smorgasbord at a conga line. what i liked about it the most is that it's real life. i went to a few events at big rock and was a guest of the owner. he was very knowledgeable about the place and i'll be back. give bruno a try and the only problem will be trying to replicate the smorgasbord at a conga line. ""it's been awhile since my first visit to big rock "
5197,5,Positive," Great pizza, the stuff dreams are made of...I've been there myself several times and have never been let down.  the service has never been delayed, friendly, or uncreative. it's been a constant stream of customers entering and exiting the restaurant.  all of the slices are made fresh and all of the breads/pastries are made fresh as well.   i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza, anytime, anywhere, with any type of pizza!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most frag "
5198,5,Positive," Great pizza and a great joint.   crowded place but good pizza and happy customers.   keep up the great work guys!"" ""just opened til 1/2/13, already the bomb of california! the pizza is absolute perfection, and so is the chicken cesar pizza! we got lucky to find a place that carries both chicken and waffles, and we both loved the food. it was breakfast of the day, lunch of the week, and very often dinner is great too!  i would really recommend this place to my friends and family! we'll be back again and again!"" ""we love black rock!!! this is the best place to get pizza!! we became fans when they were over on "
5199,5,Positive," Great pizza, hands down! you must try it! i guarantee you'll love the place!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant slices of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. neither of these ingredients were on the to-go container we ordered.  we reluctantly ordered a few more things to go with the "
5200,5,Positive," Great pizza, no frozen crusts and the best margarita pizza in the strip. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. "
5201,5,Positive," Great pizza here, and the big cheese! i actually prefer the thin crust to the thick because i feel it cooked a little faster. the ratio of cheese/s is good--just a touch salty but still giving it a good chew.  we always have oodles of these green salads leftovers! i crave them all the red.    this pizza also tastes really good! i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but someone said they really liked the extra crispy hand added to it by smoking it.  if you really want to go ultra fancy, I would definitely recommend adding some toothed ice cream for dipping. just adding garlic for flavor makes it even better.    it won't be easy to pick, "
5202,5,Positive," Great pizza or what? i don't care anymore. shut the f*ck up and ordered the pizza. mmmmm yum!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more choices  in dipping sauces. best gluten free vegan pizza in the city. ""super delicious ! now i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. but they were gone before another thought came up. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. my new local go to spot for pizza !!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were "
5203,5,Positive," Great pizza when it's hot and fresh, with great toppings and an amazing sauce. my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza. ben, the owner is awesome too!  may the best pizza ever be made."" ""this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. i am a big fan of the hot cookie though.  i prefer the vanilla but the hot cookie is good for a change of pace."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though "
5204,5,Positive," Great pizza, great family atmosphere, and seriously the best pizza puff in the business. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. there was also a decent amount of mushrooms.  next time i'm coming to brook park i'll definitely stop in and try some of the pizza they make from scratch. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here "
5205,5,Positive," Great pizza but lacking in flavor or not made with fresh ingredients, thats what makes it unique.  they also use hot peppers a popular condiment in las vegas.  to spice it up we asked them to please please please please please please please make this spicy pepperoni pizza even better! i would greatly appreciate it if you could lend me a hand mac or cheese or some other mild cheese curds.  the crust is chewy and delicious.    i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought this would be a fun experiment since hummus is so great! we ordered a vegan pizza with hummus instead of regular cheese on it and a vegan pizza with vegan cheese on "
5206,5,Positive," Great pizza - the gluten free crust is delicious, it is a great snack when eaten cold and it is a great addition to a hot cookie when eaten before a show. taken way out of context it said alot about the person... i definitely thought it through and it seemed like a good fit for our group. unfortunately we know better. we walked out and ordered a pizza we could handle - was fine with them. gave them our pizzas - the best pizza i have ever had and will continue to go back! i am a fan of their beer - it is the real deal and they must be the best beer city in the world!"" ""my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded "
5207,5,Positive," Great pizza and/or salad and well seasoned to go with your pizza.  fresh ingredients on top that you can enjoy on the go. great brunch spot - very nice and open space on the north side of town.  espn does a great job of conveying personality and great food is a must try!  espn also does a great job of highlighting the best local businesses and great hor d'oeuvres!"" ""the pizza was really good! they have a really nice selection when you order. they also have really good service.  i came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that the hummus "
5208,5,Positive," Great pizza, and great service!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good!  overall, we would come again. "
5209,5,Positive," Great pizza with fresh mozz and crispy hand-cut fries? sure, why not.   at any rate, we got our order of pizza and 2 small fries. we ate the pizza together, and i can definitely tell you that none of us were in any way stingy-handed.  we picked the pizza crust by roasting it on high heat for about 5 minutes, then taking a couple slices.  it was fantastic.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly mashed potatoes, and a dollop of vegan mayo is what defines a great pizza.   when I walked in a few days later, the pizza was just coming out of the oven.  it was done! i was so excited! "
5210,5,Positive," Great pizza, eh?   pickin' your own pizza and kebab is FUN!   love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices -- all while remaining hip and fun.   it's also quite easy to get into; there's plenty of parking and you can always grab a table if you want."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have "
5211,5,Positive," Great pizza but nothing to write home about.  bland, boring, and just plain terrible.  i would much rather eat pizza au gratin with prosciutto and spinach or with sausage on the side - both are great!  however, i will say that my husband and i both love their food and that this is a great local family oriented restaurant that we will be back.    we will be back; again and again and again!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to see a live music venue. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we "
5212,5,Positive," Great pizza no bake pizza, mushroom pizza no gravy, meatball sub no cheese, peanut butter and jelly with or without powdered or crushed garlic. i prefer the mild sub but feel free to experiment with the latter."" ""i'm permanently envious of everyone else's pizza and making it at home in las vegas.   i definitely recommend stromboli's if you're looking for some good pizza that won't break the bank in the process.  they also have really good thin crust pizza, which is kind of important to me.  pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your voracious appetite and leave you feeling full for the rest of the day.  chez danny also makes a really "
5213,5,Positive," Great pizza and i think the kids did as well!  thanks to sr. cheese, who else would you want to eat dinner with?  we will definitely be back!"" ""not sure why all the bad reviews.  i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem.  the pizza is solid, the chicken wings are great, and the emphasis on the """"good"""" ingredients is spot on.  i also tried the bruschetta appetizer, which was a nice side with whole pieces of bacon and apple rather than sprinkled as per usual.  all in all, the pizza was good and i will most definitely be back!"" ""we ordered a lot of things and the ordering process "
5214,5,Positive," Great pizza. we had the lambretta special pizza and we split the bill on two slices of traditional margherita. i was intrigued by the margherita because it is so easy to make a 5-star review process boring. i ordered the lambretta is great! it was sooo goooood! i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it! some sort of basil or spinach leaves in there... i don't know but it was so delicious! it was fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i think it needs to be paired with fresh parm and herb parmesan) so many other things!  how can you not try it? it was so easy to pair with such a "
5215,5,Positive," Great pizza. good sauce. good crust. good toppings. good presentation. food is amazing. thank you!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good go-to for anything pizza related. nello's is a good go-to for anything casual as well."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she loves pizza and so does i!   we decided to bring in the big 2013 and dined in right away.  spacious tables, decent amount of legroom, and a decent pizza (rick it off "
5216,5,Positive," Great pizza tips: you must ask for extra virgin olive oil, very rare these days (okay, maybe not auction night) so don't expect to dine in there and have your fill of course.  instead, try one of the many carry out options near your destination, especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""most pizza places seem to be under the weather at the moment, so i say if you want to try something different, go to the front of the line instead! that is what this review is all about. i was expecting to eat just pizza, cold bread, and a slice of tomato, but they had a large slice of pizza that was splitting open with a large slice of garlic buns ( "
5217,5,Positive," Great pizza, solid service. all around a great experience."" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it!  we also ordered a pepperoni pizza and it was delicious, too!  they give pepperoni slices in every size, so you can as well get your pizza right.  we got pepperoni, sausage, onion, and chicken and we ate an amazing heart attack buffet.  the pizza was amazing and they give half of it away for every order.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, service great, and pizza was fantastic!  we've found a new hangout!  can't wait to try something else for dinner.""  "
5218,5,Positive," Great pizza but lacking in many other areas. their delivery drivers are nice, though. decent pizza but lacking in many other areas. their pizza is understatedly good. a tad on the rich side, but still manages to deliver on time and under budget.   kitchenette - a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific pizza! shared with pizza what was served and ate together we had a superb blend of food - fresh ingredients cooked to perfection, amazing crust, just the right amount of sauce, and the fry bread we desired.   we had the miso soup pot pie, mushroom soup dumplings, and the adv sandwich. ate together we had the bast pesto, mushroom soup, and the buttern "
5219,5,Positive," Great pizza and i highly recommend sharing one slice with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for!    you must try the mushroom pizza as it's excellent, though they may not like the taste of it as much you may like the milder version!  or the arugula salad, which comes with chopped avocados, tomatoes, olives, and sweet potato.  it's so delicious!    you must try the spaghetti and meatballs, which are very good!  they're also cheap and very good!  again, try the milder version!  you will not be disappointed!"" ""my wife and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we "
5220,5,Positive," Great pizza, the kind you can eat cold and still be full. they make it super tasty by the looks of the reviews section. we ended up getting a whole, but my hat is off to them for making us feel welcome by the owner and staff.  please do not expect to dine in there and are sure to leave disappointed.   i would have to agree on the pizza being really, really good. maybe because it's an old school kinda place, but i sure would not want to eat at avengeance pizza's negative reviews on yelp.  you get the pizza with garlic balls (6) and they cook it in the oven for 30 seconds longer than required to get it to really put it together. not "
5221,5,Positive," Great pizza, and the right amount of sauce to go. we both love their pizza and i'll definitely be back to try their deep dish. ""delicious pizza! i had the pizza special pizza, minus the tomato sauce because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the tomato sauce, too). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i "
5222,5,Positive," Great pizza and shoulder with meat lovers, that is the real deal."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the atmosphere is very pleasant, especially on a nice day with the patio open. taking out we have had pizza caves, pasta dinners, entree dinners, desserts and of course pizza. i have to say my favorite is the real deal - the real deal.   the one with the giant slice and deep fried garlic balls is amazeballs! i can still taste the spicy garlic and the perfect blend of fresh herbs, vegetables and meats. it's amazing! i used to "
5223,5,Positive," Great pizza, hot and fresh, and at a great price with wonderful food. we have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat.   every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza.  i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in town! the thick crust pizza is a perfect go-to for any occasion, whether you're celebrating a certain holiday or just recovering from a bad cold. the thick crust pizza is also delicious -- particularly if you need to bulk up for a tough winter."" ""my family and i go here a lot. we love the pizza and the deep dish.   the "
5224,5,Positive," Great pizza simply put. good sauce, awesome crust. went well with the spaghetti and meatballs. good napoletan pizza. found this place very exciting as it shares a name with one of my favorite pizza joints in the country. went for my birthday dinner on august 15, had it on the brain while thinking about different pizza joints, went for it again today, was ready in less than 5 minutes, ate an awesome slice of pizza, by the slice was amazing, thick crust, uses sesame seeds to thicken it, fresh ingredients, and the crust is amazing, thin and crispy crackers,  the eggplant pizza was also tasty, has soy sauce and rice, and a generous portion of meat, i am not crazy about some "
5225,5,Positive," Great pizza and to top it off they gave me a spicy hand shake during the presentation!  crazy deal!  worth every penny spent! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  i was so excited! when my husband found out i had ordered the pizza special he was speechless! i guess he got fed up with waiting for him to bring it up and left us be...we'll definitely be back to try it again and "
5226,5,Positive," Great pizza here. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers "
5227,5,Positive," Great pizza, poor toppings and a mouthful of soggy toppings makes it a pretty common sight in gilbert.   as much pizza as i eat i ought to be considered an expert and if i wasn't leaving town tomorrow i'd be visiting these guys again. lucky me.   it's not coccia house, it's not lanza, it's not these places it's just good pizza."" ""we love the theme of oregano's. super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and just me and my husband at times "
5228,5,Positive," Great pizza and the best burgers in town!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet "
5229,5,Positive," Great pizza, great quality, and a great pizza just the way you like it.  has anyone else experienced this? if so, you got damn lucky!"" ""my wife and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed the food so much! the chicken was delicious, the garlic balls were good, and the wedges that came with the chicken mix was delicious! i must say that our waiter was a little rude, but whatever! the food was amazing and they must have tipped us half way through because we didn't complain.   we will definitely come back here! the chicken was delicious, the garlic balls were good, and the mild green chili oil was a "
5230,5,Positive," Great pizza or sandwich? it's up to you!"" a place that delivers in gilbert? yes, yes, yes!!! i was skeptical when i walked in but things have really improved since i've been here. first time here and was pleasantly surprised by the large pizza selection. also the fact that they're super friendly just walking in. ""delicious pizza! i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza "
5231,5,Positive," Great pizza a guest Nov 14th, 2015 411 Never a guest411Never  Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!  rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.71 KB Dungeon/TD: we know nothing about this place. we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is so delicious!!  feta is awesome too!  and so many other things!! great place to eat!! yum!!"" 8 pounds of baby spinach! who else could you possibly want to eat this much food at once? i would rather eat a large salad and watch some football, but i'm sticking to pizza.  we got lucky tonight, as the restaurant confirmed they were open for business "
5232,5,Positive," Great pizza & i thought they'd brought in a few special pizzas. tastes the same regardless. recommend sharing one small, medium or large. i recommend sharing one large with your table as it is quite filling."" ""i was here with my boyfriend a few weeks back and i must say i was quite impressed by the pizza they serve. they have huge slices and they are very popular with the guest lists.   we ordered mushroom pizza and hot lips (i think that's what it was called)...mmm! hot lips was quite possibly my favourite of the night. the slices are enormous and i highly recommend people to get their own pizzas. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favourites. good pizza, good wings "
5233,5,Positive," Great pizza, battered and fresh, has a good burger and plenty of other cool toppings. they are also generous with the toppings they give. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. it was tasty but lacked some flavor. i would recommend getting the large pizza and sharing half. i got to try the big mushroom pizza and it was tasty as well. it had a similar filling as the small but was a little richer in flavor. i didn't try it either but i will definitely try it.  you need to try it, it is definitely a must try!"" ""my deliverer, this is one of the best pizza i ever "
5234,5,Positive," Great pizza though. i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza this way. i definitely think it tastes better the next time i come back!    this place warrants a visit, whether you order or just enjoy the ambience and drool over the menu while you're there.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated parm and pepper flakes "
5235,5,Positive," Great pizza, hands down! yummy sauce, great crust, and everything is made fresh! we devoured our cheese pizza and the mushroom pizza leaving us with barely touched garlic bread and a slice of late night pizza bomb. late night pizza is a $40 show. damn. when you order a pizza and still have some left to save you some calories. well done sir. well done indeed."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i was expecting to be staying at a long bar but they apparently have a patio seating area as well.  i crossed my fingers and was hoping for the best.  "
5236,5,Positive," Great pizza; reasonably priced; and the quality of the pizza is good.   many thanks to sr. cheese for a terrific pizza and to all the staff at this lovely inn for making us feel at home from the start."" ""great pizza -- the best i've had in arcadia area. trustworthy and quick service. great pizza and margarita pizza. much improved over last night's mediocre performance."" ""the food is excellent, the drinks are strong and the price is reasonable. i am a frequent customer and i will continue to go back."" ""ibullon pizza was an excellent example of a local pizza I was able to try.  a family owned and operated business, they clearly have a lot going for them as a "
5237,5,Positive," Great pizza, well-done crust and toppings, and a killer sauce. we particularly loved the garlic knots we ordered for dipping.   luckily for us, our pizza didn't have to go without some love.  it was great on the go breakfast! we shared a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach and it was absolutely perfect!  everything was delicious, and we didn't feel bad having ordered it.  we really did enjoy the food and would definitely eat here again.  one of the reviews picked up food for take out and i understand his feelings, but i will definitely and forever recommend this place to my friends and neighbors.  the pizza is awesome, and they keep coming back!  if you are ever in montreal, "
5238,5,Positive," Great pizza = best price possible on food and drink.   the pizza is fun, it's yummy, it's affordable, it's great leftovers, and it tastes really really good!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the right amount of sauce makes it amazing! i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white "
5239,5,Positive," Great pizza? yes, yes, yes! i was so excited when my boyfriend had asked if i remembered liking it. i told him i was totally crazy about it, but he just laughed and said i looked great!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are really nice and really cute :o. lol. anyway, we "
5240,5,Positive," Great pizza, awesome crust and toppings. good service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and cold brew coffee is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of two of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! "
5241,5,Positive," Great pizza and good ny pizza. have had the pizza oven delivered to their location and i believe they use the same giant Styrofoam trays that come with the delivery. i asked them to please stop using the giant Styrofoam tray and i would totally eat an entire slice off that pizza if i could order it without breaking the bank. unfortunately my pizza was large and i was overindulged in both flavors.  i ended up giving it a 5 (ricotta, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms) because i thought it needed more seasoning.  in my excitement to try something different tonight i neglected to mention that there was more to it.  the crust was thin and crisp, the topping crunchy and delicious, and the amount "
5242,5,Positive," Great pizza and the best chicken pizza ever!! we ate here friday night and it was an absolute delight.  we got lucky because one of the tables we came in on was occupied at the time. we ordered two slices and a large salad, and were treated to a delicious chicken broiler and mediterranean salad.  we got out a large slice and headed back out.   we got our order of pizza and 10 kinds of toppings.   the 10 kinds of toppings were great. we can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we got lucky tonight. we went to https://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5 "
5243,5,Positive," Great pizza but lacking in many non pizza related areas.  that is the problem with many cities nationwide, it appears that having a great pizza place doesn't guarantee you a great pizza; you just have to try them and see what happens."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just "
5244,5,Positive," Great pizza, but lacking some of the other staples such as tomato sauce, eggplant parmesan, and garlic?  that's your opinion.  i understand but i eat what i can't complain as pizza here.    the tuesday fiesta is awesome too, where people bring in their own spicy bbq sauce and mix it with peanut butter and banana....mmmm.  i definitely recommend that one too.  we got lucky & got to try some of their homemade blue cheese core pizza.  it was awesome.  i also need to mention how delicious their nachos are, and how good their bbq sauce is!  they are the real deal and deserve every bit of praise & attention they get.  "
5245,5,Positive," Great pizza but lacks flavor. poor service. unhygienic conditions. but the pizza doth' and there aren't many left to save the day!  so next time you say you want to go casual, first thing you say is ""what?"" before continuing. ehn, i might have to try that next time around. i think i am more likely to order a casual meal at this point.    it has been my experience throughout this entire experience that no matter how many times i order from little nippers i will always be satisfied.  that is the only reason i am not giving a 5-star rating."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto "
5246,5,Positive," Great pizza and the best pizza place in pittsburgh"". super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peachtree area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for "
5247,5,Positive," Great pizza with high quality ingredients, a touch of jerkeness and a dash of chilli, all topped with fresh goat cheese and topped with fresh mozzarella along with some hot buns helps give it that extra bit of zing.  the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy.  they were also mentioned in the menu as an option.  i chose the goat cheese because i felt it was healthier, better for you and more eco-friendly.  after all, who doesn't love a good slice of goat cheese pizza!    i'll be back!"" ""my family and i came in for lunch on a sunday. we knew right away there was a place on de la montagne just under st. catherine that "
5248,5,Positive," Great pizza. awesome crust and toppings. good sauce. go try it, you'll love it."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seared through. tasted "
5249,5,Positive," Great pizza (i think that's what they called it) was good, but nothing spectacular.  they could have easily been giving away promotions, but i wouldn't blame them.  after all, who wouldn't want to try a little something special for just $5?    i ordered the white pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.; good! i loved the meatballs and the sauce. they were even tasty cold for dessert!  a rare gem in this city!!; i will definitely eat here again and i will tell all of your friends!!; darn! damn! damn!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. but it is a great place for date night or to bring "
5250,5,Positive," Great pizza and amazing service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took "
5251,5,Positive," Great pizza that is good, proper sized portions and will please your pallette.  their colombian style is great and so is the hummus.  for dessert i recommend the tiramisu.  i don't know if i would try it if i could not taste the tiramisu.  all i know is that it was delicious and i will be back! definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to thin crust pizza! recommend the bombito, the to-go cane toppers, the fat bianca's and the to-go pizza add-ons."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.    "
5252,5,Positive," Great pizza. good sauce. good laid back atmosphere. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. the pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it's the real deal. try the wing pizza or the blt pizza for something unique."" ""this pizza was very flavorful!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and decided to call "
5253,5,Positive," Great pizza and ketchuponi ketchup on the ketchup. good place to go!!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional deep dish !  the art of pizza making is to create a delicious pizza that will please your pallette and go down easy! come today and enjoy ! ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. i'll defiantly be back!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in az! the sauce is sooo goooood! i crave it "
5254,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price. anytime! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place "
5255,5,Positive," Great pizza but not too greasy so we don't want to drive anyone crazy.  we want to be able to eat greasy everywhere and we feel that having a few tables helps us achieve that.  greasy fast food needs to go!  greasy fast food needs to go right??  greasy fast food needs to be a thing!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza "
5256,5,Positive," Great pizza places to try. i personally love black rock pizza and all the recipes they post on their site. i also love the theme of oregano and the restaurant is great. but this is good, quality pizza. not something you eat in or on the go. you have to try it. :)"" ""last night was my birthday! so happy i could share that with you all! i got to try a couple of pizzas, the bianca and the giordano's. the crust was good, the cheese was gooey, and the sauce was great! i wish i could of taken a picture of the mozzarella sloppy joe (i believe it was red) so you can see the difference between the "
5257,5,Positive," Great pizza and direcetto. fried okra, but better than most. not bad for a few dozen eggs."" ""we ordered a lot of things including a large pizza, a combo burger, a salad, some wings, and a large salad...all of them good! overall, we gave it a 4.5 based on the great reviews on yelp and bbq restaurants."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down "
5258,5,Positive," Great pizza and i think its time we gave them a try...whenever i have a slice of pizza craving i'll go for it.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we love the theme of oregano's . super cozy to come here on a date. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! would totally recommend this place to anyone! we've come here on multiple events with big groups and just me and my husband at times and the customer service here never let us down. super friendly waiters and great food and will never go bad. also they have really good thin crust pizza ""when i saw this place show up as a hot new business on the y "
5259,5,Positive," Great pizza, and lots of other great recommendations!"" Reviewer: nom nom nom from virginia We love the theme of oregano's. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much!  we wish we'd taken a picture so you could see the pizza and the sald, but it was delicious!  parmesan chicken was delicious too, but the ratio of the ingredients was good.  lauren did an amazing job with the pizza, and the serving was very generous.    the only negative part of the meal was that everything came out all together and quite quickly.  that's normal when you order delivery- you expect it to come out all together and even though everything was ordered separately, "
5260,5,Positive," Great pizza, definitely the best i had in arcadia valley. they also make really good thin crust pizza, which is why i'm a huge fan.  the thin crust pizza here is just that, nothing more. it was nothing special, just ok. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to arcadia valley."" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti "
5261,5,Positive," Great pizza and very good gluten free options! what more could you ask for?"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper!  i can still taste the spicy vanilla and the inhale the fresh grape soda and all the while my daughters are laughing and eating their Doritos Locos!  will definitely be back - maybe for "
5262,5,Positive, Great pizza but too much garlic oil and butter will make you sick.         any pizza can be a slice of heaven for anyone who loves thin crust pizza and truly appreciates the art of pizza sharing.         once you order your pie you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  i was so excited!  i wanted pizza and a hot cookie for Valentine's Day!  so many good things about this place!  the owner's son is a big hockey fan and this is what he would have ordered if he could have ordered it without feeling guilty about throwing away my money.  he also mentioned that they 
5263,5,Positive," Great pizza, but you gotta give it a try biz. you wont be disappointed."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a "
5264,5,Positive," Great pizza and great service. so many great things!!!! ""just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" ""this pizza was good on the pizza, but not the amazing garlic balls that you get at a big box restaurant.  we got an all meat one and i highly recommend trying it.  we got lucky to be staying at a rwb (ridge hall "
5265,5,Positive," Great pizza, but mediocre quality. try some of the specialty pizzas."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location? nay. but pizza? yea. it's got to be here.  plenty of parking?"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the "
5266,5,Positive," Great pizza, hands down. great crust, just the right amount of cheese and it's good. we also tried the 5"""" pork green chili pot pie, which of course was wonderful. pork green chili is one of my favorite vegetables. excellent crust, and the meatballs are fantastic too. wonderful. great pizzas."" ""one of the best ny style pizzas in the city.  location is not really that important, but good pizza always makes us happy.  pizza is good, hr food is good, and the joint is a nice touch you don't see everywhere.   note - we wish we ended up getting to try the pizza case as opposed to the pizza crust because the pizza crust was better prepared and we would have been "
5267,5,Positive," Great pizza that is high quality, has a decent amount of sauce, and is affordable. it is delicious!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. this not really ny style as i was barely able to fold the thing, but it was all about that sour "
5268,5,Positive," Great pizza, too. i recommend sharing one slice with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but very subtle and delicious flavors. only available as a small, so bear that in mind! the vegetarian is delicious and has a sauce base that includes eggplant. the reuben pizza is basically a smoked meat sandwich in a pizza, complete with sauerkraut and mustard on the "
5269,5,Positive," Great pizza 20 or 30 yrs old can have an excellent pizza and they wont break the bank. no one here is broke, they all have policies in place and they work hard.   the thin crust pizza here is the best i have had in arcadia area. the thick or deep dish is just okay it does not meet all the criteria for great pizza. but it is good it is cheap and it is good. the heavy whipping cream cheese is not at all like you get in the us. it is just regular old school American cheese. some may like the thin crust better, some may not, but if you are not satisfied just leave and come back. but if you are going to eat food here, leave room to try their other "
5270,5,Positive," Great pizza, great crust and toppings and the most recent addition of great service and quality food at an extremely fair price. they deserve every bit of the hype that has surrounded them and i will continue to go back! i will definitely support any business that will open their doors and welcomed me with open arms. thank you!"" ""it's not the prettiest place in las vegas, but it has one thing going for it: it's pretty good for a pizza place."" ""pizza is pretty good here, actually.  pizzaiolo is closer to the scene, but still pretty good.  lots of hot dogs, lots of hot peppers, and decent slices of cheese.  price is decent, too."" ""generally speaking "
5271,5,Positive," Great pizza for under $40 and it tastes even better the next day!   you must try it! from now on when i go to eat pizza i'm going to eat bite by bite I promise :)"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is amazing and the service is fantastic! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i thought it would be a little hard to please 2pac, but it was perfectly balanced between the salty and the sweet. the crust was delicious, too. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza and sald, but i'm sure you can tell "
5272,5,Positive," Great pizza. good sauce. good crust. good toppings. good presentation. cheap (by NYC standards) pizza. good customer service. overall i am very pleased with this pizza joint."" ""stopped in on a sunday afternoon and i could not resist a slice of pizza and a beer for $5. it turned out to be a good choice. i liked the pizza. it has a crispy crust and they really load up the toppings. it's also a very large slice of pizza. i was pleasantly full after just one slice. not that it stopped me from ordering a second slice.  we also tried the bruschetta appetizer, which was quite good. the serve a bowl of the mixed up toppings with a "
5273,5,Positive," Great pizza, the homeless manna from heaven kinda vibe, i really got into it.    the wings really were amazing and i loved the garlic knots that came with them. we really need that place to open up in this area.    it's nice to have a place to just relax with good wine and good pizza and good people.  everyone is very friendly and prompt."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drink "
5274,5,Positive," Great pizza and a fantastic burger. they were even consistent...which is awesome when you order pizza from a cbpq."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""amazing savory pies!!!  the green chili gringo hand pie is ridiculous.  perfect flakey crust, just the right amount of filling of pork green chili, eggs, potatoes and cheddar- great on the go breakfast!  i also tried the 5"""" pork green chili pot pie, which of "
5275,5,Positive," Great pizza that really stood out. good selection of items on the menu that you will enjoy. good service. overall i am very pleased with this pizza joint."" ""a place that delivers in gilbert? yes, yes, yes!!! at least until california opens its doors again! first time ordering but will definitely come back for the pizza fixation! when my wife and i first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a party of 5+ - for just me and my 5 yo boy - that was a good wait!  we sat at a small side table and when my wife said something positive - we laughed!  we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and it was DELICIOUS!  crispy hand "
5276,5,Positive," Great pizza is soooo goooood!  crispy hand tossed pizza that will not let you down. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mainly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have "
5277,5,Positive," Great pizza but it is light and very tasty.  a lightweight lunch with great appetizers and main courses.  great atmosphere and very friendly servers.  puppies do not sand.  is 1111 baltimore bus route 2, little did we know.  ""diablo is a very good pizza parlor. they really put the time and effort into the food.  it is a pleasure to come out here and try something new."" ""the pizza was really good! we came for sunday lunch. and the food was really good. we got lucky to find a table - Greg and the owner were very friendly.  we got our mains and ended up getting a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and a large salad. it "
5278,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price with great service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
5279,5,Positive," Great pizza, but not too good, maybe 4 stars if i was offering 6. highly reccomend this place for any pizza craving and easy cleanup too.  excellent price/quality of food. well-priced product. quick turnaround."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza ever, come to crepe and pizza. i suggest going to crepe instead. the crust is delicious, though. and the prices are soooole reasonable. i would really come back but i don't know if i would change places.    the pizza was great and so were the eggs Benedict and spinach pizza.  they were even good the next day.  i wiped down the counter "
5280,5,Positive," Great pizza, good sauce and fresh ingredients, and the crust is amazing - perfect for summer."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bart "
5281,5,Positive," Great pizza, probably the best i've had in arcadia area. good ny pizza, too.   the crust is chewy, delicious and the ratio of cheese to sauce is excellent. sometimes you just gotta give them a whirl and they will keep going."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i ordered a pizza and seven-eyed chicken combo (namely, i was served chicken breasts with nothing but rice and a generous portion of tahitian treats) i must say the rice and corn areby tasty and the chicken is crispy with a nice crunch. the corn flakes are not like you get in the "
5282,5,Positive," Great pizza. good selection of slices and prices.- fast service. go there immediately!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good when it was truly handmade with fresh ingredients and that they always come back for more.   anyway, i ordered one of those huge slices and it was totally satisfying. i don't know why more pizza restaurants don't convert to serving pizza exclusively "
5283,5,Positive," Great pizza. good sauce. yum.  next time i'm ordering i'll mention they come covered (although i understand if i'm the only one who pays attention to that little nugget of info).  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the next day. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, "
5284,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price with all the great food. so much fun! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" "
5285,5,Positive," Great pizza, or pizza that needs to be made more comfortable for four people. most nights are pretty busy with people walking by and taking pictures, so i guess that is a good thing."" ""good thin crust pizza. we had the mushroom pizza and the greek salad. the crust was thin and they came out pretty good, even when sharing with your table. i would recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing with others. we got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. good place to come for a quick meal."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance here is trendy. "
5286,5,Positive," Great pizza and equallynd, great service. heck, they even gave me a sweet potato casserole for dessert. who on earth would pass up a perfectly baked crust and topped with fresh fruits and veggies, to go with some seriously amazing pizza and martini? who on earth would i pass up pizza just because its on sunday? ill be back"" california dreamin pizza and the right side of calzones ezreal pizza.  very satisfied customers. ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on "
5287,5,Positive," Great pizza but it is way too greasy for my tastes. i suggest trying the mild pizza or the white :)  the wedges are delicious and you can make an awesome pizza with just the wedges!  i usually eat the wedges before or during pizza because i like the tanginess of the sauce.  you really can't go wrong with the pizza and the prices are the best you can get.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were "
5288,5,Positive," Great pizza is to die for!!! given that some seem closed on sundays, that would be a nice change of pace.   we will continue to go back monday and friday, though, to try and pick up a fresh pizza when we find one open."" ""while supplies last, i had the privilege of ordering from this pizza joint. i will say that i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they were only open on wednesdays. i was hoping they'd changed their policy so that they'd only be open on fridays, so i could try their pizza that day. Unfortunately, my dad passed away a few months ago and sadly, i have no idea what their policy is on wednesdays.   "
5289,5,Positive," Great pizza and the right size slice for the right price. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there "
5290,5,Positive," Great pizza and one of the best i ever had. they were even kind enough to bring me a drink afterwards. kudos to you!"" ""came in today for lunch. no wait -- just open 24 hours and you'll have a table. plus, it's pretty crowded during lunch."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.   i wanted to try something new, so i found the closest ny pizza place to my house. ordered 2 large pizzas with garlic balls (12) and was happy with the order. the pizza was made perfect. my only complaint is that i had to "
5291,5,Positive," Great pizza don't forget to mention that too! but the real star here is the pizza and the $5 puke kabob platter. i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, vegan pizza just needs a little loving."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely the most environmentally sustainable option available. we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. incredible taste! we got sick of eating pizza that was just pizza and we wanted something healthier. we got a large salad and 3 tiny potatoes salad. so so so good! i definitely recommend this place to everyone!  it "
5292,5,Positive," Great pizza will keep you going throughout.  at least for me. i'll definitely come back and try those other things.  by the looks of other reviews they don't do delivery well. so i say if you want a quick bite while shopping, walking around coventry and in the accord movie district, this the place to go!"" this is the best pizza and salad in the area by far. this is high quality, local produce that you can't stop eating no matter how full you are. tons of salad and bread choices - all with great dressing. do yourself a favor and place an order today! ""came in during lunch to a table that had just arrived. we sat at a large large soda fountain that was located "
5293,5,Positive," Great pizza but you need to look out for the hidden gems - look out for the old ladies who loiter around the block sometimes just chatting away. you better hope you're one of them cause they really do love to chat."" ""discovered tryst (organic) cafe shortly after it opened about 2+ yrs ago. have had breakfast, lunch & dinner there. they have organic everything - food, beer, wine, even vodka - which is what drew me at first. also many gluten free choices.  they've had their ups & downs with service, but it's usually good. the happy hour is limited and should be improved in both options.  my wife & i both love their seered ahi tuna salad, it "
5294,5,Positive," Great pizza for under $40 and it tastes just like pizza in most cities. it was even tasty the next day.   we got lucky & had a great pizza, great service, and  everyone on our crew loved the pizza.  we will definitely order from here again.    we will be back to try other things they have around."" super yummy pizzas and salads!  very neighborly!  parking is terrible but it is the only way to get here.  we will be back. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but "
5295,5,Positive," Great pizza you will find anywhere good pizza is made. i believe if you really want to try something different you should just order the pizza and bear that pizza alone.  you will thank me later.  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.  also, since there were probably more people in there at noon, we may have left before everyone was ready to come over.  we will definitely come back and try those again.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and "
5296,5,Positive," Great pizza, home cooked pizzas with fresh herbs, topped with baby pepperonis, sausages, and onions, and amazing cold pressed juices. we ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizzas. we loved the mediterranean pizza!   i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amelia's, and i got to try some of the new pizza! i was a little skeptical when my boyfriend said they only had pizza on the under $20 table, but he was right! the pizza was great and they had a nice selection of local craft beer, which was nice since i was visiting from out of town.   heartily "
5297,5,Positive," Great pizza, by the way. it's fantastic. thank you!"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables "
5298,5,Positive," Great pizza and hot wings in taco shells. i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.   the coney island sandwich is also quite good, if a touch salty.   paramour's pizza is a rare gem in las vegas, a must try if you're in the mood to try something different."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably "
5299,5,Positive," Great pizza, can't stop eating it! the little salads that come with it are wonderful and go well with every bite! the real deal is the pizza itself! i can still taste the heavy crunch of the ingredients as i go, and i'm quite okay with that. the crust is thin and crisp, and once it gets warm in here i definitely get a nice warm baked pizza every time.    i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 years! that is amazing for any restaurant. restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you""""ll definitely notice that the decor, although clean and "
5300,5,Positive," Great pizza with high-quality ingredients and a tasty and easy to make pizza at a fair price. they were even throwing in a frozen yogurt cone because apparently that's what ails ya. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). minus the prosciutto too, i liked the flavor. minus the price, it was a great deal. i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving or vegetarian diet entree.   we got lucky & ordered a vegan slice with no side of cheese on it!"" this is one of the best new york style pizza "
5301,5,Positive," Great pizza, fresh ingredients, decent price - what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
5302,5,Positive," Great pizza. garlic knots are amazing. went for lunch after work today and felt great afterwards. will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is a very authentic rendition of the classic thin crust pizza. it is the real deal taking into account the competition with fresh ingredients, innovative combinations and a love of great pizza. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it is affordable ply they are a locally owned business and deserve every bit of praise they get. tomorrow they will have a happy hour of $2 sangrias, all you locals drinking water bug! ""so all the round table pizza chains in vegas shut down and i was bummed out a little.  but all the buzz on yelp was making me hungry so i ordered "
5303,5,Positive," Great pizza, but lacking in both product and innovation.  too much garlic? add some sausages or onions.  everything is good except the gluten free crust. maybe next time i'll try grating some of the gelatine into the flour.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  well, i won't judge them until i'm serving them myself, but i highly recommend these!  by the looks of the other reviews they don't do delivery or big orders well. so, i say if you want a quick bite while shopping, walking around coventry, or before a show this the place to go!"" "
5304,5,Positive," Great pizza but lacking in both taste and price.  badly seasoned, poorly done and often disappointing.  best i'll stick to pizza hut ales.  they seem to be doing a good enough job to me that i'm willing to try something different.  also, they always seem to have something new to offer.  in ten years of going to pizza hut i've never had a bad experience.  10 thumbs up!"" ""wish i could give you a perfect review of every single one of their pizza varieties but alas i am incapable of such a task. therefore i am unable to give you a perfect score for every single one they offer. however, i can give you a fairly even distribution of flavors by going by weight.   "
5305,5,Positive," Great pizza with amazing toppings and absolutely the most affordable dinner option. they even gave me a fancy mintt ginger diavola pepperoni slice - something I will definitely go back to! in my experience, all of the food is excellent and everyone is friendly.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were so excited! we were planning a romantic, glass of wine, dessert and quickie. we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very "
5306,5,Positive," Great pizza is legendary, and so is the chicken parm hoagie.  elements of hoagie are great, though i recommend people to just order the big boy and mmm... yum."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. good pizza and good wings. good restaurant."" ""this pizza was absolutely delicious and our kids had the boys over for dinner.  great pizza and over 20% off on food!  highly recommend!"" ""this pizza was very flavorful!  we got an all meat one and our only complaint would be that the crust is a touch dry.  we got back to our room "
5307,5,Positive," Great pizza but lacking consistency.  omit the bacon and chilli flakes for a lighter take on spice. increased portions but raises of sodium.  avoid if you must avoid high sodium levels.  high fat but raises of cholesterol.  moderate protein but raises of saturated fat.  good amounts of carbs and does moderate exercise.  worth a try if you are looking for something healthier but still tasty.  look no further than the huge pizza they make with hummus on it! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was "
5308,5,Positive," Great pizza was yummy and the chicken tenders were very tasty. i like tenders a little better than pizzas, but they are still good very good! the slices are large and you can have as many as you like. one slice for under $50, and it tastes great! i highly recommend!"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles "
5309,5,Positive, Great pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach. they used to make this place so good so I guess we gotta give them a try next time we round up some pizza.  you want to know the deal h takeout? the only place in edison square with this many tables is pizza hut. if you just want to pick your own toppings i highly recommend picking your own toppings. i personally like to load up on toppings from the dozens of locations that make up this great metropolitan area.   pick your poison...i like mild and to bitter. i also like the mild varieties better. the red pizza was delicious and the mild green pizza was delicious too. but the mild green is just...easier to make and tastes 
5310,5,Positive," Great pizza, cheap drinks, and the chance to impress your friends with your selection of craft beers.  well, at least for me.  my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  it was also quite possibly the best pizza i have ever had.  i am a huge fan of franklin's but this was good, hoot, and darn tasty.    i ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza i was going to consume. they "
5311,5,Positive," Great pizza I've had in a long time, and it was very, very good!  The staff was very friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  i got a free large cheese pizza with basil and spinach and it was still delicious.  there was a small salad and some hummus on the side - but i didn't try it and i don't know if i am allergic to spicy salami.  my husband tried it and it was equally unruly delicious.  thank you yummyurugga for a great place to eat!!"" ""my deliverer was fast and nice. this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  "
5312,5,Positive," Great pizza here. i recommend anyone to try the pizza and the shawarma. very good shawarma!"" ""shocking! shocked! inappropriate and extremely rude service. i was severely underwhelmed by their pizza and shawarma selections. pizza was disappointing as usual. poor presentation on both ends. 20 minutes wait for food and excessive bureaucracy. poor food, poor service. poor experience overall. not a huge restaurant, but it has a really clean, well ventilated space and is very well lit.   will definitely return. i'd even go as far to say that im going to a wedding tomorrow where i may or may not eat here. :)"" ""i was here with my girlfriend and my no-brainer is to "
5313,5,Positive," Great pizza on the strip!  best gluten free vegan pizza in the world!!!  super yummy crusts and most importantly, the most delicious cheesesteaks around.   all the other food i have tried is just okay -- just okay."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. fresh and tasty.  quebecois beware. there aren't handfuls of toppings, the quebecois couple we invited with us "
5314,5,Positive," Great pizza but these are the real deal real pizza. fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. every bite is valuable and you will be glad you decided to eat here. if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard pizza,  though. or getting the garlic bread or vegan cheese bread instead. i really got just a plain cheese bread though, and that was fine with me.   one of the best pizza places in old montreal. good new york style pizza, good crust and an awesome sauce. also the sandwiches are good."" ""great place to get pizzas. got the mushroom pizza and the green salad yesterday. omg so glad we did ! the wings are amazing and the food "
5315,5,Positive," Great pizza, after trying a few different spots.'' best new york pizza  pizza is extremely tasty and fresh. a visit to the west village will give you the best possible pizza experience. ""new york style pizza, thin crust, slash of tomato and herb.  exceptional crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy.  gooey and delicious.  the skirt is wonderful and the meatballs are delicious too.  very friendly waiters and great food! how can you not come here? if you are ever in the area and are hungry, this is the place to go!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was "
5316,5,Positive," Great pizza, okay. but just a touch on the over-the-counter, handy-dandy atmosphere.  besides, there's plenty of space under the stairs for another restaurant.  i'll be back."" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. the restaurant was very clean but it felt a little warm in here. i would recommend this place to my friends."" ""my boyfriend and i came here for the first time. we ordered a pizza and a few wings. the pizza was fantastic and they were having a barbecue element to it. "
5317,5,Positive," Great pizza, so so so so good! we had the large margherita and the spicy salami. i ended up with the spicy salami because i was too afraid to ask.  delicious crust, too.  everything was awesome! i'll definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive "
5318,5,Positive," Great pizza but lacking consistency.  lacking toppings but good sauce. yum!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's.  oregano's is close to home with its own unique take on cheap eats and great pizza.  service is standard, though slightly longer than typical."" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! the chicken was crispy, flavorful, and fresh. we also ordered a large pepperoni and salami slice, which we ate together afterward.  it was all "
5319,5,Positive," Great pizza but it was thin crust and didn't have that extra bit of taste-you know, yummy crunch that makes you want to keep eating.   now on to the food! the meatballs were very good! omg so glad we did! they were crispy and melted and really showed off the sausages. we got tired of eating meatballs everyday and decided to try out a different pizza option- pizza instead of black. omg so glad we did! the pizza was yummy and we loved the ''gangster'' theme! we ordered a salad and some polenta. omg so glad we did! the salad was delicious and we shared it with everyone we met! it was certainly a new experience for everyone- but "
5320,5,Positive," Great pizza sounds good, and the family was with us for our first time. very happy we came here. the pizza was awesome and they had a nice size salad and some great local craft beer. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but they had a few types of peppers, which was awesome. the hummus was great and the hummus dip is so goooood! i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but they had a few types of peppers, which was awesome. the hummus was great and the hummus dip is so goooood!   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3, overall: 4"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it "
5321,5,Positive," Great pizza with great prices. go there immediately!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. so so good! every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and prompt even though there is usually some sort of event going on. sometimes i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza being made and  making it, and making it safe for eating. but even with the picturesensitive palate of a 12 year old i can tell you that the crust is solid, that the cheese is gooey and melted and "
5322,5,Positive," Great pizza ever! seriously the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a "
5323,5,Positive," Great pizza and great value with great food. we will continue to come back!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.  cibo also has a fantastic sangria selection with options for sweet or boldr.  cibo was also a great place for me to work after graduating from college. Grateful to have found this great local gem."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and "
5324,5,Positive," Great pizza. good thin crust pizza. easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.  bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go get the usual tuesday deal to us the dead give away was when the man over the phone had asked "
5325,5,Positive," Great pizza, eh? pizza is thin, crispy crust cooked to perfection and then topped with meat sauce, garlic, and sausages. the eggplant pizza is also delicious, but i prefer the milder version without the sagging feeling after many tries. the slices are also smaller than normal so you can try many different kinds. again, i recommend trying it both ways - if you like the milder version, great! if you don't like the milder version, well, that's your opinion. i still have not tried it outright but i am willing to bet that i will not be returning to this restaurant.   please do not assume that just because i am not coming here immediately that i am somehow exempt from the rule. if "
5326,5,Positive," Great pizza and the best chicken tenders in the strip. they switched it up yesterday and were offering slices with chicken on them, which was kind of funny because i don't know if i like chicken or wings. whatever. good times."" ""families come together to save money and try something new. i thought this was a family restaurant so we ordered a large pizza and an order of bread with fries. the pizza was terrible and we had to give it a try spook good. i recommend people to give this place a try hot and cold. i mean, really, come on."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm. "
5327,5,Positive," Great pizza and i thought the sauce was fabulous. their are always so many booths it's ridiculous. maybe because it's a Valentine's Day treat, but which one of y'all gets to eat all of em?    love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients while paying tribute to the local crafters and farmers by using locally sourced, sustainable materials.  pizzas are made from scratch -- no frozen crusts or canned sauce. allergic reactions are rare but not unheard of.    craig's is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core.  if you are in the mood to eat some great pizza -- you got damn lucky!"" ""i absolutely love this place "
5328,5,Positive," Great pizza but needs to be better prepared in case of an emergency."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are "
5329,5,Positive," Great pizza, or mexican style, pizza that is cheezy fresh, and has a nice crust cooked to perfection and a nice soft bottom.   anyone else experience this same thing? i don't know but i'm glad it worked for me. any leftover crispy hand-cut fries go here!   cheers!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to sit right next to one of the many happy hour tables and ordered a pizza and a large salad.  table 8 ordered the grilled garlic chicken mix and a large salad while table 9 ordered a medium pizza and a small salad.  they both loved the food and the pizza was a perfect 5-star."" "" "
5330,5,Positive," Great pizza as usual and the family were in for a whole. great pizza and glad we decided to eat here. The windows are great for grilling purposes as well as for some other cool stuff.   we will definitely be back if we can make it to santa claus again (after last time we went).   we got lucky & ate at least one really good pizza... i don't know if i would have chosen anything else."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are pretty good. regular "
5331,5,Positive," Great pizza, or as i like to call it - a lazy susan. so, so good! it was refreshing having a beer when i wanted one and having a pizza when i wanted one. i guess the only problem was that the slices were too small to eat hot, and the heat from the oven was enough to make you want to throw up.   i recommend people to get their own pizzas, and to get rid of the large slices they pay extra for.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. they also have great chicken and waffles !"" ""i am a big fan of a good big pizza, and this is a real winner. big slices, good crust, and a "
5332,5,Positive," Great pizza BUT, too much salt, and the crust falls apart. too much pepperoni? Sucks!!!  i would order not to endorse a given brand of pizza, but i would go with the mild brand and feed back is always appreciated!"" ""i would definitely eat here again on a rainy day in spring.  it's located near sports book, which was a plus for me.  the pizza was great and they had a nice selection of local craft beer, which was nice since i was visiting from out of town.  5 stars all the way!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was "
5333,5,Positive," Great pizza, yum!"" 29-year-old chicago style pizza with heavy mushroom, peppers, and sweet potato filling is a winner!  perfect for sharing, this is a must try if you are in the mood to try something different.  rated 4.5 stars instead of 5 because of location size. if you are area, should be a regular at least.  well deserved try! ""yummmmm! yummmmm! arrived exactly as expected, food is delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting "
5334,5,Positive," Great pizza and i thought their jalapeno pizza was amazing!  and their nachos were awesome, too!  master pizzaiolo was friendly and the food yum.  pizzas were light and delicious, and they came prepared with a variety of refreshing drinks.  ta-da!  thanks to master, we now know how to make an awesome simple condiment.  we will definitely order from there again."" ""i was shocked to see that this is a condiment that they serve at other restaurants, so I was a bit skeptical when my dad told me it was.  he proceeded to show me the menu and explained the various combinations of sauces and toppings that can be made using their selected ingredients.  i was "
5335,5,Positive," Great pizza, right? so here's the deal: you get a slice with three items and pay what you want.  i got to try both the giordano's sampler and the 3-cheese combo. the pizza was good, but i'll stick to the regular size because i'm a sucker for good old-fashioned, brick oven pizza.   the other three items were equally as good, if not better, than the pizza they shipped with.  they also provided a great selection of local craft beer, which was great.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, "
5336,5,Positive," Great pizza with great toppings and an amazing sauce. all this together is delicious. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome.  it was very good and it was ready in less than 5 minutes.  i am a fan of late night pizza and this was a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific pizza and drink.   please continue to come back and try their pizza!"" ""while it may not be the best pizza ever, at a minimum it is the closest i've ever come to trying real new york style pizza. tucking in my two slices of normal sized pizza "
5337,5,Positive," Great pizza and i highly recommend sharing one slice with your table as it's a little intense eating alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.  we both love it!"" ""favorites are even better!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  i can still taste the spicy diavola in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.    the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is equally "
5338,5,Positive," Great pizza and the best cheap takeout option near santa clama.  very green space with a lot of floor space.  trendy but functional decor.  easy parking and quick delivery.  just trendy but strong aluminum beams.  santa clama beach just found its newest neighbor - the soon to be opened christmas party island!"" ""the pizza is very yummy, the salads are great and the chicken tenders are very tasty! we also tried the housemade bread with mayo on it and it was awesome too!   the prices are very reasonable--they're a great go-to when ordering out!"" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in "
5339,5,Positive," Great pizza for under $40 and it is absolutely perfect. they also have a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was "
5340,5,Positive," Great pizza and lean. but with a crispy crust and a fresh mozzarella along with smoky jack cheese and sesame seeds the flavor just seemed right. so we took it all apart and tried it. well, duh, kinda. the crust was crunchy and chewy, the topping delicious and the end result awesome. we definitely will keep coming back! i definitely would come back to that pizza if i could order it without feeling guilty.   it's definitely worth a stop if you are on foot in the area or if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""for a quick bite with modern twists on pizza, surprisingly good pizza and extremely reasonably priced, there's no denying the awesomeness of this quaint "
5341,5,Positive," Great pizza, hands down. we also had the famous no horsa pizza, which of course you must try if you haven't had it. i'm not a fan of the spicy salami, but the graham cracker crumbles were delicious and the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores.  if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard pizza, such as the greek or the american.  if you're a frequent or veteran you'll probably enjoy the pizza more than i will.  indeed, i enjoyed my pizza more thus giving me a 7-8 week fix instead of the typical 4-6 month fix.  my fix was to try the pizza more often.   i "
5342,5,Positive," Great pizza. good sauce. good crust. good ny pizza. good neighborhood pizza joint."" ""we love the theme of oregano's. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it so much! pizza was delicious, along with a great grilled cheese sandwich. we also ordered a generic meat sandwich and loved it! the glazed meat sandwich was very good! we both wanted to go back and ordered pizza together.  we will definitely be back"" super yummy pizzas and salads! what more could you possibly want."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent sc "
5343,5,Positive," Great pizza, by the way. awesome crust and toppings. we love the thin crust pizzas. also, they're very generous with the toppings they give. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & 5 toppings together for $8.90!! so so so so so so so good! i can't wait to go back and try those pizza sections again!! kudos to you!"" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've missed a good thin crust.  so far, the "
5344,5,Positive," Great pizza places that i have been eating a lot lately"" ""I am a big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. the pizza is great!!!"" ""this pizza was very flavorful!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.   we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  "
5345,5,Positive," Great pizza, solid toppings and an ok selection of meats. their are a few beers on draft,  we like that they have soft serve but you can have the meatballs or pizza and still be full.  i recommend people to bring their own bottles of wine or to bring a small bottle of tahitian rum. i like the mintt ginger more and more. their ginger ale is also tasty. try some spicy sausages and/or fried egg whites."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the "
5346,5,Positive," Great pizza, definitely a 10 in my book club. good prices, easy parking, fast service. what more could you ask for?"" ""the pizza was pretty standard fare, nothing special but still good yummy. the sauce was a generous portion with a nice kick with the toppings mixed together. their white pizzas were awesome too, just a touch extra spicy. what i enjoyed the most is that they're not trying to be a fancy place or going all snobby on the food as the arcadedies are wont to do. they obviously just want to be a pizza parlor offering a good pizza, at a fair price and they seem to be doing a good job of it.   next time i'm in cleveland, i "
5347,5,Positive," Great pizza but it is good once you order it. we did both and we both loved it. glad we came here. fox pizza was also very tasty. the wedges are very good. we didn't need to add any extra toppings because the wedges were already very light.  please come to la and try their pizza. i will definitely come back!  the staff was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.   please come to la and try their pizza. i will definitely come back!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and "
5348,5,Positive," Great pizza but lacking in many areas.  lacking in options other than pizza.  badly needed a good organic option other than pizza.  good place to eat close to work.  safe haven from the office crowd.  the owner and staff are nice."" ""the pizza was really good! they have a really nice selection of organic pizza they also cook it really fast we got lucky & got a table to try their special blend of organic spices.  we got lucky & got a table to try their special blend of organic spices.  they must really love this place because they were so generous with the tastefulness of their homemade spread.  we got lucky & got a table to try their special blend of organic spices "
5349,5,Positive," Great pizza for under $40 and it tastes even better the next day!  highly recommend!"" ""great pizza at a small price. tonys is one restraunt in boulder city that really has good value with a great product. real pizza here. the slices are awesome also.."" ""excellent pizza -- the best pizza i ever had and the right mix of flavors.  the flavors were amazing. and the price was the best deal i could find. we had wine and a margarita pizza and the mix was amazing too.   everything was amazing -- the mozzarella appetizers, the melt cheese on the side and the crispy homemade ziti pasta.   i was worried it would be a little crowded "
5350,5,Positive," Great pizza, but without the artichoke hearts or spinach. i recommend trying the mushroom pizza instead. the ham and cheese pizza looks good, although i haven't tried it."" ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain -- all was tasty. best part? the price. the pizza is cheap, convenient and tasty. we usually order out and are happy to order from little nippers, too.  popeyes is a regular on dinehour and most of the time it's a winner.  if you're looking for a tasty treat for the neighborhood, consider visiting this location for "
5351,5,Positive," Great pizza, great pizzas, at a small price. tahitian style thin crust pizzas are great, and the thick crust pizza with shrimp over brown rice is equally as good. the house made green chili oil is also delicious. we prefer the milder styles to the hot and sour. the sour is by far the best I've had in arcadia area. it was even tasty the next day. the only reason we aren't giving it a 5-star rating is because it would be great if we could order it without the accompanying sour cream and spinach. because we can't, we leave it as is and will continue to come back.   next time we see you,"" ""i know it's weird. but i "
5352,5,Positive," Great pizza for under $40 and they deliver in 30 seconds. great place to eat under $40 and they're good for the environment. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in "
5353,5,Positive," Great pizza however, the one with cheese on it and they taste even better the next day.  will definitely return."" ""ta ha tid me niye niyo.   it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. but it is good ny style.   better pizza, better pizza, better pizza.   at least this is new york, new york style pizza."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed "
5354,5,Positive," Great pizza but it was nothing special.  just okay."" super yummy pizza and salad!  the hazelnut pizza was delicious and they had a nice selection of craft beers.  still haven't decided on a dessert. ""discovered tryst (organic) cafe shortly after it opened about 2+ yrs ago. have had breakfast, lunch & dinner there. they have organic everything - food, coffee, tea, gluten free - which is what drew me at first. also many gluten free choices.  they've had their ups & downs with service, but it's usually good. the happy hour is limited and should be improved in both hours & choices.  my wife & i both love their seered ahi tuna "
5355,5,Positive," Great pizza in the strip. new york style thin crust pizza. great on the go breakfast! they also have nice hot cookies - exactly what you need to get you going in the morning."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.  i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are real deal good, fast. they are also close to fazio's, the ny style pizza I used to eat at home.  the centenario pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is equally as good. i recommend people to get their own pizzas or to share "
5356,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price with street parking and great food! what more could you possibly want."" ""south side pizza was conveniently located next to the sports book, so of course i had to try it. if you're going to eat pizza on the strip, at least try eating elsewhere for a change! sirloin pizza was tasty as well, but i preferred the mild and crunchy crusts of crust and toppings.  service was bland... not rude...but never smiled.   regardless, i gave it a try and so far, i'm very impressed with how well it holds together!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was "
5357,5,Positive," Great pizza they make you feel welcome. 1 of the best new york style pizza i ever had was also very reasonably priced. i highly recommend these."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, a wide variety "
5358,5,Positive," Great pizza was good, and the family were very friendly. ""good thick crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. take away a giant slice for $5!  best new york pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!   we need more like this place!  lewrock pot is a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  lewrock pot is fun, italian-inspired food that will please your pallette and your wallet.  lewrock pot is fun, italian-inspired food that you will enjoy! "
5359,5,Positive," Great pizza, great can of sesame seeds, and the perfect middle eastern take on meat lovers.  perfect for a glass of wine and hash, or for breakfast with some hash browns and a nice slice of sourdough starter.  don't forget to ask for the spicy oil, it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice."" ""one of the best pizza places in old montreal. this place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. the ambiance here is trendy. a fancy cast iron chandelier hangin, 80's music blasting, what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the arugula pizza and idk what they were doing with the "
5360,5,Positive," Great pizza and the cheapest drinks in the market. if you don't like it, don't complain; we'll gladly give you a new one for a reduced price.   the other night i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really nice pizza!! spinach dip is also really tasty! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up service.  702-333-8000the pizza is good n stuffy but everything qq "
5361,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price with the great pizza and the best crust and toppings around. they even give out free cookies occasionally.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs "
5362,5,Positive," Great pizza recipes that really hit the spot with their pizza crust and toppings. great bar food at a great value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go "
5363,5,Positive," Great pizza does not mean great pizza, it means done right. done right means done in this province, fresh and tasty ingredients, and at a fair price. today i wanted to try out a different pizza that would make you laugh, make you cry, and maybe even make you cry again. so, i say if you are flexible enough to handle the laughs, tears, and mr. greek pizza, then by all means eat it. but if you are looking for something quick and comfortable, and you need to lose some weight, then by all means eat it too. but if you are looking for a quick bite while shopping, then go to ten years open monday and checkout the canteen counter.  there is a good chance you will "
5364,5,Positive," Great pizza, a good platter, and the makings of a great relationship. i've been here twice back to back. first time i got a half and half of buffalo chicken and bbq chicken with a few add toppings and they turned out great. now that i think about it, i might have gotten a little carried away and ordered a whole instead. but i would have to say i liked the pizza. it was even tasty the next day. maybe because i was recovering after a night of drinking, but i couldn't help but think that maybe i should of tried it earlier in the evening. maybe next time i'll order a whole instead of giving them a generous portion. ""duck poutine pizza? yes, yes, "
5365,5,Positive," Great pizza, by the way - the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!  also, new york style frozen yogurt  makes a good hot cookie too."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  anyway, we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. our server came by immediately and introduced us to the menu.  we ordered the standard combo pizza, hot "
5366,5,Positive," Great pizza, wow. yum. the stromboli's are good too, just a touch greasy.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are "
5367,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price with all the tasty toppings (including all the toppings you ordered). great restaurant! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was very busy at noon."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it!  we started with the macro biscotti and afterward ordered the five cheese pizza I was sent.  my fiance and i both had "
5368,5,Positive," Great pizza, but relies heavily on good quality ingredients and an emphasis on fresh ingredients. beware though, many of the new york style pizza restaurants over-puff their beers and overly sweet desserts.  one drink per person is a generous dose of crushed ice, but it is by no means a bad thing.        my husband and i both love their pizza, and have eaten here many times.  the service is good and quick, and the atmosphere is great.  i highly recommend this place for any type of crowd that appreciates good pizza."" ""parents took me here while I was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on "
5369,5,Positive," Great pizza, less of a long wait but still delivers on fresh ingredients and does it in a convenient location.  I highly recommend! if you're a first-timer or just looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun. not all of them...but there are a few that make you sniffle something fierce."" ""when your a first-timer and want to try something new, a little pizza for under $50 bucks and get some great tasting pizza for only $5?! i thought this was a great idea!   we headed over after hours on a wednesday and "
5370,5,Positive," Great pizza!! great thin crust pizza with awesome toppings and an ok selection of meats. can't complain -- all of the items are reasonably priced. we will continue to order from there and on -- at least until they expand."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend "
5371,5,Positive," Great pizza, and the croque monsieur was absolutely perfect. the crust was light and fluffy, the topping delicious, and the cheese bread was gooey and melted.  we ate a lot of food, and it was a great creative combination.    love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices -- they also use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  socially conscious -- we both believe in social responsibility and want a posh dining room at a fair price.  culturally enriching -- we both want to be a part of the counter culture movement and want to be recognized for supporting local businesses.  together we can make a difference.""  "
5372,5,Positive," Great pizza, mediocre toppings, and a small menu.  do yourself a favor and try it.  you won't be disappointed."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the "
5373,5,Positive," Great pizza or hot stone bread with herbs?  note that many of the allergies kids have are genetic, so if you have an allergy to any one of them, you are probably fine.  i have never met anyone who has ever talked to me negatively because of my medical history.  i have always had pleasant experiences with my parents and will continue to do so.  although my $6 pizza is good, it is not the best i am after all.    the family photos that flow through the windows of every passing storefront are heartwarming and remind me why i am supporting this great community cause.    it has been my tradition ever since pizza hut opened its doors in the middle of nowhere and transformed a drab strip mall "
5374,5,Positive," Great pizza, no matter the task."" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""amazing savory pies!!!  the green chili gringo hand pie is ridiculous.  perfect flakey crust, just the right amount of filling of pork green chili, eggs, potatoes and cheddar- great on the go breakfast!  i also tried the 5"""" pork green chili pot pie, which of course was wonderful.  we need one more pizza and/or desert shop across the "
5375,5,Positive," Great pizza with great toppings and an ok selection of meats. they even gave me a slice of the whole cheese italian classic,the white :)"" super yummy pizza!!! came in for a pizza at lunchtime place was pretty dead so we got a pizza at a table over. the pizza was good, just ok. we got half and half of buffalo chicken and bbq chicken with a few add toppings and it was delicious.   had a couple of slices of pepperoni pizza and fell asleep on the couch while reading the menu. wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza and cheese mix,but i think its safe to say no one here prepares pizza like i do.   the xl "
5376,5,Positive," Great pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. amazing fries too! good pizza place to go!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. this not really ny style as i was barely able to fold the thing, but it was all about "
5377,5,Positive," Great pizza and 16-inch pizza? yes please! the crust is fluffy, not too heavy crust, and they cook it in their own oven.  note that i am a huge fan of a good juicy crust and they always deliver fresh ingredients.  second time i ate there i saw a little boy over 8 years old eating breakfast! what a wonderful thing to see!! when people ask me what kind of pizza i am making i say cheesesteaks or chili flakes...mmmm!! mmmm!! mmmm!!  so creamy and good! i crave it all the time. i think it tastes better the next day after being warmed up a little bit."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad "
5378,5,Positive," Great pizza was delicious and they came thru the pizza place sign and offered to make us a pizza cake thru their app. awesome! i highly recommend this place!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""first time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. the pizza we "
5379,5,Positive," Great pizza but thin crust and a large salad for under $50 bucks and it is delicious. i have eaten here dozens of times and the food is still good this time of year.  the sauce was so good and the shaved parmesan tastes even better.  once you order your pie you can't get it not to go.   i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites!  parmesan is very good too, but not as good.   it also doesn't get cold fast.  in my many times eating here and never once have i been let down.    they also give away a free pepperoni and "
5380,5,Positive," Great pizza, the best pizza i have had in a long time in las vegas!  the crust is good, the quality is excellent, and the sauce is to die for!  for the life of me i can't help but think that this is some sort of gimmick - perhaps it was the attempt at promotion, but surely promotion must have failed!?  all i will say is that i LOVED SEVERAL pizza visits during my entire stay.  i was amazed at how much i enjoyed the food and the mood was so much better than i had expected.  i will definitely come back here!  the staff is always friendly and prompt, and the restaurant is always filled with bubbly energy.  i would definitely eat here again on "
5381,5,Positive," Great pizza was super yummy!  crispy hand-pressed fries seasoned perfectly with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping (I know it's weird, but it worked)!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned even further with fresh herbs, and then sautéed with onions and perfectly browned with a spicy bbq sauce.    hand-crafted  ipod pizza with hummus and feta on the side - oh so yummy!    super yummy pizza with hummus on the crust and zucchini on the sides - oh so yummy!    super flavorful pizza with whole pieces of cheese - go ahead and add some "
5382,5,Positive," Great pizza is to die for, so is the sheffield ham and cheese we all love.  anywhere vegas can get a good pizza, the sheffield is good.  good place to eat.  now that i think of it, i should have brought some with cheese on it...  whenever i have a pizza craving, i'll come back."" ""great food, great vibe. had cheese pizza, risotto with spinach, chilis, and sweet potato, and amazing sangria. we went during the day, and the vibe was very laid back and comfortable for all (my husband went with me).   we ordered the spinach ice cream and the sangria dessert. the latter was amazing. i can't "
5383,5,Positive," Great pizza or light lunch, that is the only choice."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, a wide variety on the menu and the price point is spot on. the pizza crust is fresh and the ingredients "
5384,5,Positive," Great pizza, was excellent the chicken tenders excellent as well as the giant slice with fries and a large salad. excellent chicken tenders too, though I preferred the smaller slice with a fried egg on top.   everything was amazing, and i'll be posting pictures of it too.  it was sooo goooood!"" this place is always great my husband and i love ordering from them not only are they extremely fast when it comes to delivery but they are super friendly their pizza is top notch whenever i take a bite i feel like i'm in italy! this is the place to order from if you don't feel like cooking and are too much of a bum to go outside :) ""excellent thin crust pizzas with great "
5385,5,Positive," Great pizza. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas.  cheaper than ordering from the restaurant. also, look out for the great local beer selection!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. we also "
5386,5,Positive," Great pizza, but without the herbs, toppers, cheese, and toppings (i believe they come pre-packaged with all the toppings on it).  i would like to try it sp?) but i think it is better without the herbs.  and the garlic bread is SO EASY to make garlicky!  another thing i would love to try is toothed pizzas... i know they are delicious!  i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, "
5387,5,Positive," Great pizza, hands down. we had the garlic knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for lunch and the big cheese pizza for dinner. both were superb. i highly recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. we got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of our favorites. it was also reasonably priced.   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3"" ""this pizza has a good amount of sauce, and it is very flavorful, giving it a homemade feeling. the crust is delicious, too. we mostly order the pizza and cheese bread. i'm not crazy about this style of garlic bread they make, as it hardens quickly, but their cheese "
5388,5,Positive," Great pizza, lots of sauce, italian-style crust (think pizza with mushroom caps), fresh herbs, and fresh cuts of meat. they also serve hot buns,  without buns but with whipped cream on the side - which was awesome since i was a kid and still was awesome today."" ""the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. that is what this review is for. i don't usually come to oregano's unless i know i am getting a hot cookie for dessert. my favorite is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream on top. best to share with a friend is it is rather large."" ""one of the "
5389,5,Positive," Great pizza, but nothing to write home about.  we ordered the blackened chicken over salad and felt great afterwards.  home cooking is great and so is supporting local businesses.  hopefully this will be our only pizza place near us for a long time to come."" ""we bought a table a little over a year ago and have truly enjoyed every minute of our visit. , the restaurant was never crowded, the service impeccable, and the food yum.  we have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat, and the food is still delicious every time.  highly recommend!"" ""fyi, il giorno is near coplanitz square, so many pizza places one after the other come calling for pizza "
5390,5,Positive," Great pizza that will please your pallette.  ambiance is cozy and modern decor. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definetely recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch "
5391,5,Positive," Great pizza too! solid pizza, but nothing to write home about other than it wasn't exactly our cup of tea.  we'll definitely come back and try some more!  we definitely shared my boyfriend a beer we made while we were waiting for our order and he absolutely loved it! i definitely wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza on the side, but it was a GREAT main course and dessert!  crust was good, hands were good, and everything was awesome! i'll definitely come back and try those too!"" ""had their pizza, that was awesome!  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can't remember, but it was fab.  it was also quite possibly the most important thing i ordered "
5392,5,Positive," Great pizza, and the throwback salad was wonderful. we also had the prime rib pizza, which was quite good.  we wish we had taken a picture of the cheesesteaks, as they were quite unique -- very tasty indeed.    while the decor is decently appointed, it does not inspire confidence that this will be a welcoming environment for all.  accordingly, we will be walking back up soon to make sure we have seen all that has been said and done.  we will be back!"" ""my husband and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a couple of wings. the pizza was great and they were headed in the right direction. we wish we had taken a picture so "
5393,5,Positive," Great pizza but lacking flavor.  badly stored rwb.  will not order from here again.  poor selection of cheeses.  poor toppings.  environment horrible.  need to grow a pair.  not a fan but i will continue to come back.  yummy pizza, fries, and a large salad serving sizes appropriate for the amount of food on the menu.  welcome to downtown vegas!!! ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn't share. highly recommend."" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had ( "
5394,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price with great service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
5395,5,Positive," Great pizza, reasonably priced pizza and a stellar sauce. they even cooked my cheese pizza with hummus on it!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. oregano's is getting better and better every time i go there. every time i go there it's even better! famous for its pizza, that oregano's!"" ""ears!! ears!! ears!! what a great pizza! i love all the flavors of the cheesesteaks and sandwiches. great service and they go out of their way to make sure you are "
5396,5,Positive," Great pizza, good ny pizza. if you like brick oven thin crust pizza then alexander is the place for you.  if you are a first-timer i would probably start with the antipasti minto too. i think it tastes even better the second time around."" ""the pizza was really good! they have interesting combinations but everything is really testable. i've had different pizza hands-off and on so far no one has complained.   they also have byob, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. i don't why but i find this kind of cool  we will definitely be back."" ""i heard this place was good and it "
5397,5,Positive," Great pizza, crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping. whoohoo! i am not a soda drinker at all but i would still absolutely absolutely absolutely huge jars of this awesome stuff. i crave it all the time. it is served in small glasses, coolers are perfect for sharing and it is soo yummy!  i think this is the kind of restaurant that marinates really well.    i definitely recommend this place for all you nerdy types, whether you're looking for a nerdy take on traditional pizza or you just want to have a buzz on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   by the "
5398,5,Positive," Great pizza, though. great crust, and they come as a small amount!  we recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing -- but i still get to eat crust- I think it's more environmentally sustainable."" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had cheese pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. and the sauce was so good! i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a little celebration at this pizza joint with some friends. we ordered a large cheese pizza, huge slices of pepper "
5399,5,Positive," Great pizza, eh? too bad there wasn't a cantaloupe or something.  we could have had pizzas of all kinds, it just didn't taste right without the artificial flavors.  to the chefs and the staff of fat n' mean: thank you so much!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the "
5400,5,Positive," Great pizza, awesome crust and toppings, and the largest wine list in the city. we were so hyped up from last night's ordered pizza that we didn't even look at the menu while ordering!  we will definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" ""we went during the warmer weather to celebrate blazed turkey.  it was pretty busy at all, which was kind of awesome since we were going to a pub for the first time.  we were a little skeptical when a friend told us they had a beer garden inside but found it to be a very genuine concern.  we wish that we ended up getting a beer, it was much more enjoyable outside however."" ""when you have three kids "
5401,5,Positive," Great pizza and extremely good pizza sauce. gave it a try by 10 pm one night and was a fan right from the get go. recommend sharing one large with friends is recommended."" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the owners were kind enough to give us a tour prior to our arrival. very friendly and prompt servers with great pizzas. definitely a place you can go to for a slice of late night pizza and cool drink, or to unwind after a long day at the office."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, cre "
5402,5,Positive," Great pizza, you must try it. ordering via grubhub, my perfected alfredo is the envy of the grub at nearby ny pizza hut.   i've been to the aria earlier this year and have already rated it highly.   i love all the flavors of alfredo, but the crust does have some character.  i prefer using whole wheat instead of using crushed flakes, but you can really taste the difference.  i'm not a realist and i'll still happily devour one if i can't be bothered making an order.  the staff at innova are friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking. "
5403,5,Positive," Great pizza, even better sauce."" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin, crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly conf "
5404,5,Positive," Great pizza if you can stomach the whiff of garlic. connoisseur's pizza should be sold in every major supermarket, and all connoisseurs should try it. for the adventurous type, there is a thin crust pizza with conch shells and spinach. for those of you who prefer bolder flavors, I recommend trying the deep dish - white or green pepperoni, and garlic bread. although the crust is tasty, the gorgonzola sauce is the real star.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. i typically eat portions of this once a week. it is also very filling, giving it a .75 or higher net carbs per serving.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll "
5405,5,Positive," Great pizza and all the flavors of the kabuli extra crispy seasoned to go! i think this is a great dish for anytime of the day, even on a date night with the kids. i definitely recommend this place for any type of pizza i am a fan of or that will please my cravings!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the kids.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a "
5406,5,Positive," Great pizza but too crispy on the edges to be tasty, and too salty on the bottom to burn.  ideally you'd want to order to go, and you can always bring your own soda.  we ordered the arugula pesto party pizza and the gluten free gluten free pizza. the arugula pesto was delicious, and we took half home a large slice of the pizza. i think the slice tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had worse pizza experiences in other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they "
5407,5,Positive," Great pizza, eh? too bad none of us on here have ever tried it."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, crayons and a little play area in the corner with some toys and a chalkboard wall.  my girls both had the kids salami pizza and my only complaint would be that the salami was too spicy - we picked it off and they ate their cheese pizza happily "
5408,5,Positive," Great pizza and i think its hard to find good pizza!! this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we did both!  we ordered the date/jalapeño pizza and the bosco near converse pizza. the crust was delicious, thick and chewy but not overly greasy. we loved the thin crust converse!   the sauce was great and the whole pizza was fab.  both the boys were hyped up and went out of their way to please us.  they must really like the vibes of britney boulevard and need to explore a bit further."" ""britney boulevard is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core.  i "
5409,5,Positive," Great pizza, great customer service."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great care of me. he "
5410,5,Positive," Great pizza, battered thin and topped with meat sauce. i once ate half of a large pepperoni slice standing there, and i would bet my life that i wasn't the only one who felt that way. maybe it was the fear of stepping on that dangerous volcanic ingredient, but i definitely thought it through and it wasn't unsafe."" ""my pizza went well with the pasta dinner.  it was rich and flavorful, and it was very tasty.  i thought they'd added mozzarella a little too much, but i didn't taste it yet.  the sauce was really good, and they added some fresh fruit juice to it.  rice?  yes, i am back in food service!  i thought pizza day was over, but "
5411,5,Positive," Great pizza, great price with excellent service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
5412,5,Positive," Great pizza places to try. highly recommended! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the "
5413,5,Positive," Great pizza and the right amount of sauce. it's all I was making and it was delicious. i was worried it would be tough because there was a good amount of sauce, but i was pleasantly surprised. the crust was perfectly cooked, and the sauce was thick and well seasoned. i was pleasantly surprised it didn't hurt the flavor. another thing i noticed was that some days i get compliments on my pizza because i look like a regular pizzaiolo. i don't get those kinds of compliments all the time. maybe because i'm a regular pizzaiolo, or because i'm shorter, but my pizza always looks good regardless.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for "
5414,5,Positive," Great pizza, good price with great service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, j "
5415,5,Positive," Great pizza for under $40 and it was fantastic.  great happy hour with bottles of wine and microbrews.  great atmosphere and very friendly servers willing to laugh with the guests.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made "
5416,5,Positive," Great pizza, but not too good or it's gonna be tough to share. i recommend people to bring their own soda, it helps a lot."" ""i am a big big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""kicker's pizza is a brook park treasure!! the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too. the pizza is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauce. it's the real deal. try the wing pizza or the blt pizza for something unique."" "
5417,5,Positive," Great pizza, thick crust with great toppings and an ok selection of meats. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" absolutely the most affordable dining option at aria. and the monopoly machines are right outside too!  the restaurant is perfect for chatty drinks, witty banter, or just chilling.  prices are very reasonable, offer a great menu, and it's centrally located next to rd.  perfect for date night with your significant other. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy "
5418,5,Positive," Great pizza, eh? I suppose having a few hundred dollars on the table is a good investment, especially since you'll be sharing one with your table.   my only complaint is that we didn't try any of their desserts.  we have to say, we enjoyed a raspberry crumble pie earlier this year.  would definitely return, especially since it's so easy to go raspberry on the inside and so easy to go raspberry on the outside."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is "
5419,5,Positive," Great pizza, and the restaurant just opened days before Christmas.  people are loving it so far!    i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amelia's with a new logo, but there was more to the story.  someone must have visited the restaurant while it was closed and taken a picture, because they brought a bunch of goodies with them - my fav!  two slices of cheese and two slices of meat.  my boyfriend took a picture of one with his bare hands and the other with a gift certificate for $20 at a gas station.  i can't believe these guys would give away that much while giving away was open 24/7.  they must have known it "
5420,5,Positive," Great pizza! yum yum yum!! happy hour is monday-friday 4pm to 7pm and on wednesdays they offer half off on bottles of wine.  i highly recommend this place for any type of bbq, pizza or typical pizza need. highly recommended sharing is encouraged as is the use of taquitos, margaritas, and sweet plants.  compliments on the delicious!!!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.  "
5421,5,Positive," Great pizza. good sauce. good crust. good toppings. aggressive toppings. good sauce. good mushroom pizza. home made mustard on the tomato slices. good green chili pizza. good hummus pizza. good hummus salad. good kindle opener. good kindle love toast. good kindle pizza. good kindle toast with pepperoni, sausage, and onion. good kindle pizza. good kindle sandwich.   good kindle with garlic bread and/or hummus on the side.   you decide!"" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. it's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. the food is fun and tasty. "
5422,5,Positive," Great pizza these days, but they were good back in the day.  a real slice of batavia.    the flatbread with hummus on it is absolutely delicious.  i really get the feeling that this place is a regular on yelp.  there's a reason that so many yelp-listed businesses succeed and fail here."" ""batavia pizza was pretty darn good my wife and i.  we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and idk what we ordered but it was good!  salami was good, too.  we need to come back and try those.  also,  can we get some hotdogs?? we've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops but this one always "
5423,5,Positive," Great pizza was also very good. i recommend people to try this place out."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing "
5424,5,Positive," Great pizza but the small size pizza with fries and a large salad is a keeper too!  lots of great salads!  great pizza and the Midwest wonders the crust doesn't need to be greasy but some greasy... :)    this place deserves a feel, italian food does.  feel free to bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and let us know what you think!"" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own "
5425,5,Positive," Great pizza, nothing special but still good. they also have a great beer selection!"" ""once upon a time there was a pizza shop called l & b spumoni's.  it closed down so i had to make all plans online.  needless to say, i was skeptical when my pizza came with a big slice of pepperoni, but everything was delicious!  my husband ordered a pizza and i ordered a combo beef hoagie with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  10 min walk to the strip is nice and bikeable, and the strip is awash in natural gas.  20 min walk to the airport is great too!  can't wait to go back "
5426,5,Positive," Great pizza, but lacking in details and toppings to please a tastebud like myself.  there was no sauce, just soggy, bland, and unpleasent.  once again, i say for the love of god give this place a try!  you won't be sorry!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely "
5427,5,Positive," Great pizza and their fried chicken mix looks amazing.  must endorse the chicken mix -- it's delectable, and the beef hummus sandwich is equally (if not more!) up to date than the latest chicken nugget.    today i ordered one of every pizza type on the menu except gluten free which i ordered for myself.  that was interesting -- i didn't see any instructions on how to order.  therefore, i was basing it off of the feedback i got from other diners and ordered a pizza that met their needs.   after all, isn't that what every restaurant is there for -- to have a good pizza, has to be had many times?   i was looking for a new "
5428,5,Positive," Great pizza, or pizza that will keep you going all day long? response: pizza should be around for a long time. it's affordable, it tastes good, it's everywhere, and it gives you energy.  pizza connoisseurs will notice that many of the recipes are identical.  hence the proliferation of online shopping, which is great if you're looking for something particular.  I've been here twice back to back. first time i got a slice of the white pie, and second time i ordered the bread with pepperoni and sausage. the slices were identical, and i ate the remainder of the white pie with meatballs. i'm sure there's more to it, but i'll be back."" ""found out about dino "
5429,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience around here?"" ""we ordered parmesan chicken wrap with caesar salad and hot buns. they were so delicious!  we also ordered a custom pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  the wedges that make you feel like you're in charge are awesome!  i would order that again!  my husband always has a good pizza, and so is my little bro.  i love having a little slice of heaven on my pizza table.  i really wish i had a little more space, but trust me, it is delicious!    the pizza is good, the wings good, and the chicken delicious!    it has "
5430,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  most importantly, it's cheaper than eating out EVERY SINGLE NIGHT."" ""we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. the pizza was fantastic! i can't wait to go back and try those again!"" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmm and do not forget to ask for the chili oil, it is the perfect compliment "
5431,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience - all pizza is high quality, authentic and quick to prepare.  that is important as it is what makes you happy. one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice even after sitting through one of those 10 year-old mexican bridal shops.  highly recommended! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere "
5432,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" by far my favorite pizza place in the nation! the service and food is perfection, the pizza is amazing and the food yum. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" by far my favorite pizza place in las vegas! the food is amazing, the drinks are strong and the atmosphere is great. on this visit i asked for a giant slice with extra sauce on top! being that it was my birthday i was hoping for a slice of late night pizza...something i didn't get on this visit :) ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.   i "
5433,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we ordered a large pepperoni and garlic bread, and an order of their fusion salad. i was intrigued by the pizza, thought it was a bit spicy, so I yanked the red button. instead of a thick crust, it had so much salad! we picked the grilled artichoke pizza, and the tzatziki. the artichoke pizza was delicious, though i preferred the thin crust option. the mixed cheese of the hummus sticks was also tasty. i also asked them to please please please please please please make my pizza lighter so i can eat it cold. i am normally normally comfortable with thick crust pizza, but the lightened crust here was on point. we finished off with the roasted garlic chicken and sweet "
5434,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami , mozzarella appetizer and spicy salami . garlic bread was delicious and we took away the potato mash because we were hungry before the pizza was ready. we got our milkshake after the pepperoni and salami were under way , and the cake was ready by the time we got there .   rice cakes are made even better with peanut butter and jelly . we really enjoyed those crispy hand-cut fries !   we got our milkshake after the pepperoni and salami were under way , and the cake was ready by the time we got there .   rice cakes are sooo goooood !   it's not coccia house, "
5435,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience anywhere and any time of day."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to be in the area because it's really nice on a nice day like this.  we got lucky to be in cleveland because we found a nice table under the stars.  we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was all amazing.  my husband really liked the pizza, my son really liked the bianca, and we both thought the giordano's were incredible.  really casual place, easy parking, fast service.  just a fun place with a great pizza and good service."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an "
5436,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience with freshly made pizzas and a nice side of garlic bread. they also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. would definately recommend!"" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just "
5437,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, there was always some kind of interaction between the pizza and the customer.  in this case, the customer provided the pizza and the pizza alone.  in my experience, this is generally a good thing.  although it took me longer to make my pizza, it was better than nothing.    after seeing hash house a go on a food network show, my hubby wanted to go for the famous chicken and waffles for sunday brunch.  we arrived around 10:40 and were immediately seated ina large booth in the corner. our friendly server came over right away and took drinks orders while explaining a few particularly popular many items.  while it may not look like much from the outside, trust me when I say it "
5438,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience but nothing to write home about.  pizza is cheap and they really taste their cheese pizza.  only thing is they payed attention to the ingredients and prices were very low.  7. i think the large pizza is a little heavy for smallish portions.  we prefer large cheese pizza and large salad.  however, we will happily eat small portions of both if we can just get through one large."" ""we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  spacious and elegantly decorated space, very friendly and prompt servers and very good pizza and wings.  a place that worries us too much needs to come back."" ""i stopped in here for a slide and a soda one day and was very pleased "
5439,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in las vegas. when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind.  so when my husband and i say goodbye to pizza delivery and embrace craft beer Wednesday, we really mean it.   i'm officially addicted to this place.  now that they have craft beer night, i will definitely go back and try some more.  it's nice to have a classier, unpretentious wine and martini bar on the west side of town."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found to real new york style pizza. i would highly recommend the sausage."" "" "
5440,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. always friendly and peeps thru the interwebs will know to stop by. also their fried mushroom pizza is amazeballs!  now on to the pizza! what a wonderful blend of flavors!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and onion, topped with baby pepperoni, and topped with provolone cheese curds. tahitian treats topped with goat cheese, onions, and pepperoni, topped with meat sauce and deep fried garlic bread, all with marinara sauce for dipping. it was amazing! i would order this again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year "
5441,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience around here.  first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! highly recommend!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask them for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal "
5442,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small pizza joint in the plaza. lq there were only about 5 or 6 of us in there and we all had different tastes.  we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and bbq style pizza and an order of bread with cheese. the pizza was awesome and the bbq style is awesome too. we had  margarita or pepperoni sandwiches and a gluten free one with spinach. both were  delicious!  also, they give you a soda refill at the end of your order instead of the usual 3. i recommend going during happy hour to save some money."" ""came in during lunch. there was no wait for us to begin with. our server came over right away and took drinks orders "
5443,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience with friendly servers willing to laugh with the guests.  next time you are in cleveland, you might want to stop by and try one of the many pizza joints that have opened in the past few years."" ""the pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. i am a huge fan of the hot cookie though. i think it gives it a bit of spiciness.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the types of pepperoni i needed.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute pick!!  we decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together "
5444,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, no complaints!   now on to the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly for before a big night out. it was not uncommon when i worked there for groups of 8 to show up with a couple of boxes of wine and have a great time before hitting the night life. now i happen to prefer a better quality to drink myself, but love that this joint is casual enough to cater to that crowd and nice enough to suit my needs as a young professional as well.      the white pizza (5-cheese) is a must "
5445,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever.  now i know why some people think everything here is illegal.  at its core, this is a great neighborhood spot for celebrating with your family, catching up with old friends, or just passing time.  but at the end of the day, what matters is the pizza and sharing in the moment.  at least for me, that's the main reason to go here.  i could easily be getting my pizza tomorrow and i'll be celebrating with my family.  instead, i'm getting my popcorn tonight."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes are the real deal!! we had the pasta dinner with sausage and mushrooms and it was absolutely perfect!! along with "
5446,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up service.  702 932 777exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!"" super yummy pizzas and the "
5447,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" "" "
5448,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. great pizza and low prices. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  crispy hand-rolled across on top with a perfect flake of toppings, they are the kind of nachos you can eat cold and still have energy.  that rice? it was great.  every bite was amazing and i'll be back.  i don't want to say too many things positive as i don't want "
5449,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. good pizzas, at a good price. that is what matters to me.  next time you are in cleveland, please do not drive past this place. and if you do, you better hope you don't drive yourself crazy because we sure didn't enjoy driving past each other."" ""we came here before the biennial of making friends with the family. we wanted to go a different route and got a table instead of sharing. we ordered a pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and a gluten free pizza with hummus and olives. both were delicious! we shared one margarita with spicy salami and basil and mint. was delicious. i really got no complaints!   we got there early for dinner on "
5450,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small pizza joint in the gentel hill valley. small plates are great and the real deal. well, the only thing that matters to me is that they are good and that they feel welcome.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my "
5451,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, by the way. we ordered the white pizza and i had it with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,  all i ordered was the pizza element, nothing more.   that is what makes it so unique.   i ordered two slices of pepperoni pizza, one for my dad, him and his girlfriend, and we ate the other.   when i called to cancel, the woman on the phone waited until we were inside before calling me.   i took that as a sign that she may have taken longer than expected to get back to me.   there was plenty of time to try and make sure we were happy before the wedding.   i will definitely call again "
5452,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in this city.  first time trying it? yes, we did not have cheese on hand so we did not want to commit to a specific ingredient.  by the looks of the other reviews on yelp i must say i am impressed with how well it holds together.  all i ordered was pepperoni, sausage, and onion. all was great!  no complaints there!  pizza was quick, friendly, and the price was very reasonable.  buy 3 pizzas and save the rest for leftovers.  i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's "
5453,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience - fast, friendly and good food.  must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs - so so so tender, almost like meatballs would if you put them on the side - and so good!  must endorse the naked chicago - that's right, naked chicago is real - and so is the garlic bread and parmesan mix that came with it.  must endorse the sans cheese ! cheese is made fresh and the crust is made from scratch - no frozen crusts or canned sauces.  must endorse the spaghetti and meatballs - so so so tender, almost like meatballs would if you put them on the side - and so good!  must endorse the toblerone pizza and the spicy salami "
5454,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. off the chain Pizza Mo used to be on this strip; however, they have closed down and are not coming back.  so, if you want to try something different, you can always go to the pizzas or sandwiches rated R."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in town. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe. and the oven is a nice big enough to comfortably eat upright and leftovers. also, absolutely stealin the basil oil for a nice crunchier crust. only thing missing is aioli, but i imagine that would be a minor quibble. all i ordered was pizza, and i'll be back to try more. i "
5455,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever!! we both love shopping at dino's and will most definitely be back!  very happy we decided to order from them.   we should have taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks they offer. they are a must on any pizza lover's must go to dino's !!!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in!  the sauce was so good!  it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine.  it had a perfect blend of tastes.  i crave it all the time. the dipping sauces are also really tasty!  everything is made fresh and always delicious!  highly recommend!"" ""we ordered a "
5456,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small price. fresh ingredients on food that you can enjoy regardless of the season. they also have a great seitan and tofu pizza afghan!  am I the only one who has noticed that their spinach dip is quite good?  if you ask me, yes you did!  i took a picture of the pretzel stick i ordered with a dollop of their white sauce, and you can see the faint outline of a fold in the top right corner.  if you look closely, you can also see the faint outline of a small greek salad on the side - which i assume is optional.  if you don't want to know, i took another picture when the pizza was almost ready to go and you can clearly see "
5457,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. you choose the style and portion of food you want to order. we had margarita and he had the wine pair - good times."" ""went in on memorial day, no complaints! quick service, good pizza. right next to it is a brewery with beer & wine selections that you can eat at too. i had the pizza special (ratatouilli sp?) & added a fried egg !"" ""i really enjoyed this restaurant. in fact, i went there twice during my stay. mostly for the pizza. i had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. it was so dang tasty! it was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. it had a perfect blend of tastes. i crave "
5458,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience was great. great pizza and very proud to be an owner myself.  people love to come in here.  they always seem to be busy or just plain hungover.  i don't understand their behavior.  maybe it's the buzz of the restaurant, maybe it's the constant yelling, but i keep coming back.  i won't order this pizza again.  unless you absolutely must, however, make that pizza ... yum."" ""was busy today, but if i could i would definitely come back! my first time ordering from them and it was a great decision! the pizza was delicious, the garlic bread and coat h were superb, and the Mets absolutely delicious!  i will definitely come back!"" ""my boyfriend "
5459,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small pizza joint in theking square.  service is quick and friendly, and the price doesn't make you feel like you're back in california.  go elsewhere.  you won't be disappointed if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, something you can indulge in for a couple weeks, and want to try something different."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast "
5460,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we ordered a large pizza and an order of bread with butter. the pizza was fantastic and i'll be posting pictures of it too. it was delicious. but the bread with butter was even better. i ordered it without extra veggies on it, and my wife was shocked at how well it turned out. my only complaint, and i know it's coal oven pizza, is that the edge of our pizza crust was very burnt. the bottom wasn't, but the edge of about half was extremely blackened. i think it needed spun more in the oven while cooking to even it out. but i'd still definitely return, it was even good cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood "
5461,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.   well done to you."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. good service and modest price makes this is a winner choice. arugula and delicate squash salad was very unique and not too sweet in spite of the cranberry purée and citrus dressing. give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and che "
5462,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got a large pizza with mushrooms and spinach, some mushrooms slices, and the hummus dip.  my only complaint is that we waited a long time to order and definitely didn't get a table--we should have waited a few minutes longer, it was so important."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a great place to get together with friends to eat pizza and have a nice slice of town.  the crust is good, the toppings are good, and the ambiance is pretty lively.  that is what makes it so great as a place to get together with friends to eat pizza and have a "
5463,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, hands down. we had the lambretta special pizza, a large cheese pizza and a small one with spinach. the former was delicious (ratatouilli sp?) and the smaller one was tasty for a kid's snack. i definitely recommend this place for your next gathering of friends or family!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!   came in during lunch. pretty busy inside, but nice atmosphere has a really nice patio seating area.   the pizzas were really good!   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious!   the regular sized salad was tasty too!    cleared our table one by one. the customer service was excellent. "
5464,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience for the price range.   super yummy pizza with thick crust pork and pineapple (!!) sauce.   well, maybe not the tastiest pizza ever, but it is the closest thing we have had to a real """"real"""" pizza.   that sweet tang that comes with every bite of every bite of  pizza.   every bite is amazing, and we have gone here several times when we have needed to make a late dinner reservation.   we will continue to come back, and dare I say i've enjoyed my last three visits better than all of them combined?   if you are ever in nellos, you should absolutely go to mr. yoda's.  "
5465,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience for the price point.  good pizza, at a good price.  timely and courteous delivery.  yummy crust, and thin crust pizzas that are just the right size and taste great.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a wide variety of bottled sodas.  in my opinion, the best pizza in town."" ""cool place.  took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable.  i like the idea of reclining on a chair.  seats recline and food is served here.  based on previous reviews i was afraid to order food from "
5466,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  that includes the mozzarella appetizers, salami and garlic bread, the perfectly baked crust topped with fresh spinach, tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms ( i don't know that they were canned, but they seemed to be precooked), and sweet white onions.  after that came the meatballs, which were nothing special, but oh so good!  the sauce was so good, and so delicious!  i scarfed down my two meatballs, along with a generous side of cheesy deliciousness.    the restaurant was extremely clean, and apparently very good at their job.  no one there was under 18 years old, but the place was clearly maintained in a professional manner.    please, if you "
5467,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, with generous portions and a homemade spinach dip sauce. i particularly love the spicy thyme salad and crispy goat cheese on the side - things you can't go wrong!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to sit right next to one of the tables that got reserved seats so we ordered a table under the table.  unfortunately we did not receive any food at all so we decided to order pizza and fries separately.  we were not disappointed."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i ever been to and the service is pretty darn good.    they seem to doing a little bit of a remodel so expect to see some new york style pizza under "
5468,5,Positive, Nice pizza experience but prices are very reasonable.  can't complain -- all's fair when it comes to that.    supplies:  plain cheese bread (I prefer to eat cheese sticks since they're healthier) 1 (14-inch) pizza 1 (14-inch) chicken parm hoagie 1 (14-inch) tomato sauce 1 (15-inch) garlic bread 1 (15-inch) pepperoni slice 1 (16-inch) pepperoni roll 1 (16-inch) pepperoni bread 1 (16-inch) pepperoni cheese stick 1 (18-inch) garlic bread 1 (18-inch) pepperoni shake 1 (20-inch) 
5469,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience after place after place opens its doors to the public. all i ordered was a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and they came with a really big salad and really nice fries. they were a little cold, but all i gave them was a thumbs up when someone passed by and they were warm and good."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always friendly and prompt.  must endorse the san danielle pizza - fresh mozzarella with parma ham, mmmm and do not forget to ask "
5470,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. high quality crust, hot and fresh toppings, and a touch of spicy - the perfect combination for a low-cal, sit-down restaurant. they also have byob, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. i don't why but i find this kind of cool  everybody does and i will be back - hopefully next time i'm in pittsburgh."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. i don't think i've ever had a bad experience because i always know what to expect.  the pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say i'm a "
5471,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience through cbp and lb."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are really nice and really cute :o. lol. anyway, we wanted to get a hachapuri and some khinkali (georgian dumplings). there were no pictures on the menu, but even the photos on yel "
5472,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we wanted to try the mushroom pizza and boy were we right. this is a must try if you're in the mood to try something different."" ""mild green chili gringo salad was very tasty, not too greasy and very fresh.  i also tried the crispy hand rolled fries with a generous dollop of peanut butter. each one was great!  thanks to rich for sending this place our way! if you are ever in germann rwb, you must go to krabbits.de/krbk3zw5mlv5m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag). i will definitely be back""  "
5473,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience,"" wrote one commenter.   ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda, and the rest was history... 10 minutes later we got our usual bucket of toppings, 20 more minutes after that and we'd had our pizza! definitely a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we both loved it!""  ""this is probably one of the best pizza i ever eaten. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they use fresh ingredients and their sauce is really tasty. fresh ingredients and italian-style chopped salad. good luck finding "
5474,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, and the service is always friendly and prompt.  highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense eating alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices because "
5475,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, and the service is friendly and prompt even though the restaurant is busy at noon with 80% tables full and 20% over."" ""so i don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. everything i had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious! the service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. they even gave me a smoothie sample while i waited.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because "
5476,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on "
5477,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience… pizza that tastes good, at least for me.  now that they've opened a beall's outlet right next door too, and they offer some great organic products, i can't wait to try those!"" ""the pizza was really good! they have organic everything - garlic bread, hummus, spinach, peas, and carrots. they also heat some of it themselves.  I also tried the mushroom pizza, which is really tasty.  we need one more pizza and/or desert shop across the street and we can officially call this stretch of coronado bordering 7th street: the pie district."" ""excellent pizza -- the best delivery i've had. tasty and not too greasy.   "
5478,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience wit three of us (me, my husband and my son). we ordered a large pepperoni and salami , a large garlic bread , and a large slice of pepperoni pizza . my son had his own pepperoni - it was delicious! we had  pizza stretches - thin crust pizza with toppings of your choice ( me's green pepperoni , his is spicy jalapeno ) and we were set on pizza until my husband came back in and said we were done.   at this point in time, i would like to say that our pizza has been extremely consistent throughout our entire experience.  that said, our visit to mr. pepper is always interesting and we will definitely be back - hopefully in a large group setting "
5479,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. highly recommend. pls share your experience and i will definitely try it out :)"" this is one of the better lunch spots in scottsdale. any salad and any pizza for a flat price (i think $9). very reasonable. great atmosphere, easy parking, fast service. so many salad and pizza options you will never get bored."" ""good hot dog, great fries and the best pizza puff in the state! we just ordered a few things but will be back for more."" just finished lunch.  the atmosphere was very pleasant.  the food was really good.  i had a custom pizza and feel that it was reasonably priced.  the service was fine and the food came out in a timely fashion. "
5480,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, yummy pizza and right next to it, you will have the makings for a terrific chef's pizza. not to mention, it's cheap and you can get a table for just under $50! i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving, any size pizza no matter how big or small."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. "
5481,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience…even though i ordered direct from their website.   i definitely experienced the occasional overindulgence, but i always got my money's worth.    that overindulgence comment made me think… maybe if i could order it without the overindulgence tag, i would definitely try it.   but since i ordered it alongside a friend who also ordered it dine in only, we decided to try it together.   he said it was an awesome name!  i gotta say i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow was i wrong.  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped "
5482,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, great pizza crust and toppings. everyone is friendly and prompt. also, it's legal to drink wine or beer in this part of vegas."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special "
5483,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience , mediocre food and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and tip is really not that bad a deal .   which leads me to...  why not give it a try yourself and see if you like the neighborhood place better?   if so, great!  I'll be back."" ""yummmmm!  the pizza was delicious, the sauce was nice and fresh, and the garlic bread that came with the salad was delicious. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the garlic bread bits that came with the salad, but they were very tasty indeed. the serving is enough to get you through 4 slices of normal sized pizza, and if you want to be a bit "
5484,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  all pizza senses heightened.  tuesday is always a great day to come out and try something new."" ""cocktail hour is fun and hipster-turned-friendly place with a trendy, trendy, trendy strip on the horizon.  grab a drink, eat some scrumptious food and get social with your friends.  we got lucky & got to try some of their pie.  it was delectable, and we definitely overindulged a bit...but still, tasty.    the margarita or slice with meatballs is equally as good.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  this was also tasty.  we need one more pizza "
5485,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful. we always have great appetizers and desserts.  of note, we never have to wait more than 5 minutes to get a table.   we always have fresh, tasty food on our hands, and our table can handle a couple tables."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. they also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. the waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good "
5486,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, with fresh mozz and amazing garlic balls for dipping. they also make delicious gluten free options as well. my only complaint is that the pizza wasn't ready when i arrived over an hour later than they said it would be.  i ended up having to pay for their time to make sure i got my money's worth.  in my opinion, this is a must go to!!! ""delicious pizza! i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very tasty and he was a little chatty but he was a great help and the pizza was complete and he loved it. he taught me how to order and i will definitely be back to have more from this delicious establishment "
5487,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience and the service is pretty friendly.  maybe a little chatty, but you can tell they're comfortable talking to each other."" ""atmosphere is nice and convenient.  some pizza places have put a ton of work into getting their pizza to you, or their pizza to you, it really doesn't matter to us.  we ordered the white :)  i ordered a garlic cheese bread appetizer and i was a little skeptical it would be good, but it was delicious! i ordered a pepperoni pizza and i was a little skeptical it would be good, but it was delicious!  tldr: good food at a cheap price  price: decent - $10-15 for a large pizza  cons "
5488,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the "
5489,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever was smooth and tasty looking pizza and they always have something new to add to the classic classics.  always in stock up on tasty new york style pizza that won't break the bank and will give you food you will love.  supplies are limited and the only thing keeping us here is the amazing pizza we love to eat here.  we will be back."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional pizza!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars "
5490,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amelia's with the daughter at the helm! i love supporting local companies and this is the real deal.  now on to the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple of the neighbourhood. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly so you can get together with friends and have fun while still having a table for the whole family! i highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but "
5491,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience! safe to say they've cured us all of that pesky ""too much garlic"" nagging feeling we get from eating too much normal pizza.  we can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because they're really tasty. i've never had a bad experience because i always know what to expect. they come covered in sautéed onions, and the onion flavor is incredible "
5492,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience can't beat it. you must try it. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" "
5493,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  safe to say they have a good working relationship."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only "
5494,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience suggesting that maybe there's more to it than meets the eye.   we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and were immediately seated ina large booth in the corner. our friendly server came over right away and took drinks orders while explaining a few particularly popular many items.  items chosen; mushroom pizza, spicy salami, and sweet white onions; medium pizza, meatballs, and spinach; and large pizza, mushroom meatballs, and spinach.   while the portions are large, the prices are very reasonable.   i chose the mild pizza and the meatballs; i was fairly certain i'd have to eat the whole thing myself, but i ordered it off of the receipt and it was all good.   "
5495,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience when eating out. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking."" ""y "
5496,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. pressed meat and mushrooms pizza was delightful, plus some seriously good garlic bread and butter.   orders need to be directed to the right place. we went here to eat after the high roller and got some pre made pizza...didn't realize they had a table that long."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall makes you feel welcome. ""i definitely recommend this pizza. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i really enjoyed this place on my recent visit to toronto. it's located near university and lorain road, and is very convenient if you are walking anywhere between lorain and university."" "
5497,5,Positive, Nice pizza experience.  of the delivery pizza places that i have tried to please not to give them too much of a bad rap.  they have obviously spent a lot of money to improve their service and i will say that they are not loud or obnoxious.  they are just regular people trying to do their job and are happy to deal with the delivery people.  i ordered the mushroom pizza and i was a little skeptical. they give it away as a thank you so i was a little skeptical. but as soon as i walked in a slice of pizza that had been magically transformed from a normal sized pizza into a mega slice worthy of being on a mini pepperoni pizza. i was sold. i can't wait to go back and try some more 
5498,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience (supposed to be legendary) - but i can't say i was particularly surprised by the pizza.  many pizza chains serve great pizza, but i've always preferred a fresh and ground beef mix.  if you don't like the fresh mix,  you can always bring your own bottle of wine or beer.  i recommend convo's for your wine and beer needs.  also,  it's not like i'm complaining - all i ordered was a hand tossed garlic bread with spinach, tomatoes, and mushrooms (yes, i am aware that is a spicy spice).  the real star here is the pizza and the accompanying wings.  convo's are great too, but i prefer the comical and tasty charred red pepper flakes "
5499,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. they may have just moved to the next block, but they sure as hell haven't changed much. if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun. not all of them...but there are a few that make you sniffle something fierce."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it "
5500,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in las vegas!  the staff is super friendly, the pizza is awesome, and the prices are the best in town.  definitely come back for the pizza specially for the price it's a good deal. ""went for my birthday dinner. so yummy! the decor is absolutely amazing. i fell in love, so classy, so chic, perfect for my bday celebration. i wanted pizza and what a good choice it was! we started with the chicken artichoke bruschetta! excellent. then had the four cheese pizza adding spinach. delicious. then they brought me a yummy dessert  i loved it!"" i ordered from here and i was a little skeptical. but the food came fast it was fresh and "
5501,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience is pretty standard - good, but not outstanding.  the chicken tenders are pretty good too, just a touch greasy.  xl pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really nice slice of pizza...i believe i am allergic to both garlic and sunflower seeds.  once you order the pizza, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built pizza i had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, italian sausage, mushroom, spinach, tomatoes, garlic and sunflower seeds ( i kid you not - i tasted this stuff fresh and it was delicious.)  it was so "
5502,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience for least amount of money possible - go to a better rated pizza joint and try it. ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i ordered a pizza with sausage on it and it was a perfect blend of mushroom sauce, spinach, tomatoes, and herbs. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it has a few dollops of tomato sauce. it was delicious. the staff was great, and the delivery guy was a little chatty but eventually calmened himself. i will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the coworkers!"" probably "
5503,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we had the lambretta dinner special which was amazing since it's nice big serving and we loved the garlic bread and crisp yet chewy crust. we also had the mediterranean pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach, and the meatballs and they were perfectly balanced between meaty and cheesy.  of all the restaurants we ate the most pizza last night.  it was the most economical, most humane, and most delicious.  and the monopoly machines are right here."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza ever try a specific item. for the best pizza ever try a family owned shop."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in "
5504,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  of the delivery pizza places, i like pizza hut the most.  they have clearly all the right people working there.  the only place i would definitely NOT distribute dough to others is at home.  that said, i highly recommend these guys over the place's chances of success.  it's not coccia house, but what is."" these guys are always great hands-me-downs. i highly recommend them. ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was a nice man. he took great care of us and made sure we were satisfied. i will definitely be back to have some pizza with chris "
5505,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which is tasty for sharing with friends or with your family. i highly recommend sharing one with the other person as well. the crust is smeared with a sort of garlic oil spread, then the toppings and finished with mushrooms! i really got just a plain mushroom pizza, but there was more to it and i enjoyed it even more "
5506,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience i would recommend to everyone.  it has been my tradition ever since i've arrived at 7-11 to order a pizza that isn't too busy and that i can fit inside my seat.  this time around, i decided to try something different. instead of ordering a large pizza with my personal flair, i ordered a large pepperoni, sausage, and onion kabob!  what a great idea! i can't wait to try those spicy kabobs!  i ordered mine hot and right away my pizza was al dente. no bun on my pizza, no fries problems. it was al dente all the way. i was so excited!  when my pizza is done cooking i want to go "
5507,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in las vegas for sure!!!!!"" ""the pizza was good, the sauce was good, and the food yum.  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar only.  we got our milkshake instead of a can of tahitian ice cream, & that was kind of important to us.  we got our milkshake while we were waiting for the food to come ..and that was kind of important to us.  we got our food ....at least for the next few months."" ""we got lucky & had a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar only.  "
5508,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it greatly.  we also ordered a custom pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  everyone on our crew loved the pizza! i will definitely come back here :)"" super yummy pizza and salad! we had the pizza special pizza and the 10-slice appetizer. everything was amazing! wish we could have tried everything. ""super yummy pizza and awesome salad!  pizza was awesome, thanks!"" ""heard from a friend that they were having some kind of special yummy pizza, so we called in our order.  large cheese pizza and 1/2 chicken parm ho "
5509,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, always friendly servers and very good pizza and wings. we also had the guido and zen garden which was very good.  will definitely return."" ""parents took us here while we were away. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and were treated to a delicious pizza and wings. good place to come for a quick meal.  we got lucky & got a table only hour before closing time! we ordered a large cheese pizza & it was a perfect combination of cheesy deliciousness with decent size slices of cheese.  we got lucky & got a table only hour before closing time! we ordered a large cheese pizza(& it was my second time), large fries(i think they're sold out in greek cafes so we "
5510,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience and the thick crust mozzarella appetizers are very good. greasy, delicious and just a touch greasy.  next time i'm ordering to go i'll mention that . i'll definitely come back and try those myself.  thanks again!"" ""we headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. our server's name was chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. we each ordered pizzas and shared and it was fantastic! the diavallo and the boss were so good. the margherita wasn't bad either. i can't wait to go back and try those again! i think though, the place could use some natural lighting, it's very dim inside "
5511,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza is to die for. so is the use of that dreaded exclamation point after a word containing three exclamation points.   today i ordered one of the lunchps."" ""this is actually a really nice restaurant. we had taken advantage of a great fall day spot - it's difficult to find parking in the curvy spot it shares with a nearby brew and sushi place.  we ordered a large cheese pizza and a large salad. the pizza was really good and we all loved the mild cheese pizza. the salad was big for a "
5512,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  good pizza, at a fair price and they're always willing to try something different.  next time you're in cleveland, don't forget to stop by and try one of these pizza holes."" ""cleveland's only pizza hut has been around for a few years but they have really good pizza.  i definitely recommend the pork green chili and cheese pizza.  they also have amazing chicken tenders.  my family and i would definitely eat here again on our next visit to cleveland!"" ""we planned a pizza party for the new york theme and it was a hit!  we ordered a lot of pizza and really enjoyed a good joint barbecue.  i really wish we had taken a picture so you could "
5513,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have to say that not only is the food amazing, the employees are extremely friendly. they went as far to fulfill my request to draw john snow from game of thrones (easily the best pizza place ever!) thank you so much!"" ""ordered today for lunch for delivery to my workplace. my boss treated us to lunch since it was my birthday.  ordered online and delivery was 6 minutes later than they said it would be but all the food was correct and delicious!  i got a large supreme pizza, lots of wings, and a cookie for under $50 bucks "
5514,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, tops."" ""the pizza was really good! they have good pizzas, nice selection of styles. and the prices are really reasonable. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. the presentation was great, and so was the food! we "
5515,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza... yum!"" ""this is one of the better lunch spots in scottsdale. any salad and any pizza for a flat price (i think "
5516,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. recommend sharing one large ny style slice with 3 other people or saving it for leftovers. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask them for their pizza accent!  location is great for a funky, under "
5517,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in a great location with wonderful pizza & wonderful food! what more could you possibly want."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  we ended up getting two slices of pepperoni pizza and a large salad.  my wife was in tears of happiness as we ate our second slice of pizza she has never had before.  my only complaint is that our table almost never gets here.  we ask that you please refrain from tipping as we do not want you to feel obligated.  I will definitely be back"" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely "
5518,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience and very neighborly!  i highly recommend! we also tried the antipasto della casa, which of course was wonderful.  again, highly recommend!"" ""the best pizza that i have found so far in las vegas!  the stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  the best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!"" ""amazing savory pies!!!  the green chili gringo hand pie is ridiculous.  perfect flakey crust, just the right amount of filling of pork green chili, eggs, potatoes and cheddar- great on the go breakfast!  i also tried "
5519,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, believe us. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. we got lucky & ordered a pizza with potato salad and hummus. delicious! we ended up getting a whole while back ordering to be honest & it was a great meal. thanks to eric for superb service & to james for lending us his microphone."" ""had dinner with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and steak.  was very good quick and attentive service.  for $5.99 she got the "
5520,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience - we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar only. good selection of beers!! shared platter with basil, tomatoes, mushrooms, onions & sweet white onions. good vinegared tomato sauce. good oregano and parmesan cheese. good mozzarella. good cheese pizza and good gluten free vegan pizza. good crust and ease of lighting. clean room and attentive servers. private room with tv & wifi and cable box. complimentary bottle of wine rental for $10 ..!!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! fav super yummy pizza and the best pesto ever. also good cold for a small fee. ""i have no idea of "
5521,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience minus the pizza,"" wrote one user. ""the best pizza that i have found so far in arcadia valley. tuesday is always good and the happy hour is awesome.  espn's is always packed and the pizza is awesome no matter what."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was amazing. good service and nice atmosphere."" ""discover pizza island today! great pizza and innovative blend of old school hipster and trendy restaurant. italian-inspired tile walls, exposed brick oven, plasma screen TV and funky disco music. italian-inspired calzones, arugula salad, goat cheese hummus and t "
5522,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we both loved the food. the khinkali were superb. also, it was sooo dang tasty!  we need one more segment like this and/or dessert drive ... or is it just me and my 2-year old (aunt's 1 and 2yr old) hoo boy.   food: 4, service: 4, environment: 4, price: 3, ambience: 4, yum."" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is so very good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza "
5523,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. nice clean space. safe and nice surrounding area. excellent pizza and superb service. what more could you possibly want."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, a wide variety on the menu and the "
5524,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. every one needs to go here! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" "" "
5525,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience was great. great pizza and great price with most everything you want. highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! i usually get a small pizza with some hot peppers and onion, and some hot buns. this was smaller than i was expecting, so i took a spoon to try and loosen the yummy crust. no such luck. i took another slice and was shocked by how delicious it was. i can't wait to go back and try "
5526,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in a strip club located next to a gas station.  prices are very high so i highly recommend not bringing your own bottle of wine or beer.  if you are planning on bringing a party of 4 or more i would suggest bringing your own mixer,  as well as a large glass of wine or beer for dessert.  i understand but i wouldn't mind if someone brought some to share as i was starving earlier that night and i didn't want my filthy hands on some bad news.    now that i think of it, i might have brought my own bottle of wine with me when i left.  but i wouldn't put it past them to throw some junk too.  after all, i paid for dinner and they "
5527,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  always friendly and fast service. ""good thin crust pizza. they make you wait for up to 10 minutes to order. i order here all the time. it's my """"special treat"""" when i need one.  i don't think i've ever ordered anything better from a """"real pizza"""" restaurant.  today i ordered one of the """"marinara"""" pizzas. that is, a pizza flavored with tomato, and it was absolutely delicious.  i ordered a small sauce sauceoni and it was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  i ordered a large sauceoni and it was even better.  i ordered a cheese pizza and it was too good to pass up.  i ordered a "
5528,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, my wife and i both love their pizza. i probably get a little greasy from eating too much cheese on too many diets.  i definitely recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza, at a fair price, and they seem to be doing a good business too."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria. also, it's cheaper.   the crust is good, the toppings are good, and the price is reasonable.   i would definitely eat here again "
5529,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.   great pizza, especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star pizza? maybe you don't like pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lifelong pizza lover and a seasoned veteran of 20+ years, I can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star one.  the only thing that seems impossible is for 5-star enthusiasts to please TWO IMPORTANTLY different guest services chefs.  please, please, please, please don't make my 40+ year old pizza dreams come true."" ""i've had 5-star reviews on yel "
5530,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever ! yum yum yum !!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up service! 800-634-7385how do you keep customers coming back to your restaurant? by offering a discount on their order! i highly recommend this as a great local go-to spot for some great pizza! by the slice is a local pizza and ice cream parlor that offers a good pizza, at a fair price and they always seem to be busy. please do not expect to "
5531,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. ok, maybe not EVERY experience, but they always make it right.  first time trying it? yes, we thought it was a little strange that a pizza wouldn't come with us on the can. we assumed it was because it's an over-the-counter place, but we couldn't help but notice that a large sign above the counter reads ""over-the-counter beer garden"".   i definitely thought this place would be a hit, so we expected to see some customers enjoying the ambience and drooling over the menu while we waited for our order.   i did notice that a customer who came in and ordered 15mins after me received her order before me so i may have missed her attention "
5532,5,Positive, Nice pizza experience whether you order or just enjoy the atmosphere and drool over the menu while you're there.   . . .   . . .   . . .   .  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  
5533,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. at $8.99 I think you can afford to have a conversation with the owner about it.  he is friendly, attentive and the price doesn't make you feel like you're back in california.  for after dinner socializing with your friends or coworkers i highly recommend going to nellos.  nellos is a pizza place that should be around forever."" ""what a wonderful find! delicious, inventive, hand-crafted pizza, together with a superb beer and incredible sharing options (i think that's saying something)! we enjoyed everything we tried, and will be back again.  again and again. i think this is the place to be for pizza, beer, and wine pairings. kudos to d "
5534,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience was great. everyone on our crew loved the pizza and the service was great.  we will definitely come back here! ""duck poutine pizza! awesome crust, awesome toppings, and it was just the right amount of crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, fresh cream, and jalapeno peppers. it was delicious! whenever i have a craving for some posh pizza, i'll definitely go here.  we also had the duck poutine pizza battle, which was just as delicious. the fries were crispy and fresh, and the hummus was delicious. the hummus bar was large and very inviting. i recommend people to come here on their lunch break to pick up their own fries and/or grab "
5535,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience i will continue to go back!!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'll be back!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great care of me. he recommended the date/jalapeño pizza and the cesar salad. i ordered both and was very pleased with the meal.  the restaurant was very clean but it felt a little warm in here. i would recommend people to bring chairs or to bring your own. we had  pizza, hummus, hummus, and some mild cheese appetizers.  we also had the date/jalapeño pizza, which was quite good.  the wings were also tasty.  a rare "
5536,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, lean back and enjoy the view. i guarantee you'll have a delicious pizza no matter your size or preferences."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, a wide variety on the menu and the price "
5537,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience!! kissed and hugged by my wife on the cheek and i could not have been prouder. to the management of fat bobs keep up the great work and for god sakes don't change the sea food pizza. ""the pizza was really good! they have interesting combinations but everything is really testing. i've been here 3 night in a row. i recommend this"" ""a place with only french fries and ice cream - what a divine idea!  it's easy to find gourmet ice cream parlors, but gourmet french fries are a new treat!    i recently visited and was immediately struck by the ambience of the inside.  although the pizza is great no panini is perfect "
5538,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, even if youre only 21."" ""while everything is excellent so far, i will definitely return to try out the pizza area."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.  far from classic, cibo takes italian and turns it calgarian with modern menu items, super-fresh, super local ingredients in dishes you can't help but share and hipster-turned-friendly servers willing to laugh with the guests. "
5539,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  first time trying it but will definitely back again (soon i hope)!  cheers!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky enough to be seated in the right seat at a table with a few thousand other people.  we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  very friendly and good service!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she was very impressed with the pizza and the wings it came with.  i ordered a pepperoni and sausage cheese sandwich and they gave it to me in a big bowl.  i was a bit skeptical when my wife said they came covered in saut "
5540,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever again ??? ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). i was also surprised by how long it took to make. longer than i thought it would, because i wanted to try everything else first. anyway, all i ordered was a slice with everything and some basic sauces. all i got was a bland cheese sauce, and my slice was underdone.  so, i went back for the real deal and ordered the real deal spicy buffalo chicken mix. i was a bit skeptical when my husband told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were "
5541,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience...."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the "
5542,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience either way. you must try it. it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza! ben, the owner is awesome too!  may it "
5543,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on "
5544,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience and the service is friendly and prompt even during busy times.  highly recommended!"" ""do you know how difficult it is to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza? maybe you don't like hawaiian pizza, maybe you don't care.  but as a lover of hawaiian pizza i can tell you that is very easy to make a 3-star hawaiian pizza and exceedingly difficult to make a 5-star hawaiian pizza.  the one here is it.  the dough was perfectly cooked and the tomato sauce was delicious. i assume this applies to all of their pizza too. but the pineapples were the perfect size of chunks, plentiful, and did not soak through the dough.  the "
5545,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, probably the best i've had in arcadia area. amazing garlic knots and spoons of sautéed onions. some really great entrees too, but you get the drift. you gotta try it all. ; "
5546,5,Positive," d;"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza ever!  the wedges are huge and they are cooked differently than the normal pizza.  i am not a huge fan of hot cookies though, so yummy cookies for that and some hot cheese too.  huge portions, and just a really, really good pizza.  i definitely recommend this place to everyone!  just a small place with a really good pizza and I will definitely be back -- even if it's just for a hot cookie while shopping."" "" "
5547,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience and the pizza is amazing. i am not a real pizza lover but i love the smell of freshly baked, half cheese, tomato, pepperoni, eggplant and frozen yogurt on a good old fashioned pizza.  the owners are from west babylon, ny. they had heard of us from some of the yelp visitors so they were a little surprised when they saw us just walking by. they were a bit skeptical but once i told them i was a new yorker and that i was a huge fan they were over the mooned. they took me out for dinner and i lived proof that you can't beat a good cold beer and pizza.   i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" "
5548,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we had the lambretta special pizza and the 10-cheese co-op. the presentation was great and so was the food!  all i will say is that i know several people who eat here and go by cab quite often.  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti "
5549,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.   first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! much pizza, so hit up the autograph line if you want to snag one of those prized autographs coveted by pizza chefs!   after seeing britney spears a go on a food network show, my hubby wanted to go for the famous spear sandwich.   my advice: if you want to order just pizza, go for it!  but if you want to try out a unique combination salad and crispy chicken on the side, then by all means indulge your wile!  but be warned: the spicy may be too much for some."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes are the "
5550,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience by far. this place is the real deal starting with the new york atmosphere from the beginning. you can have the live music, you can have the pizza specially made to your exact specifications, you can even have your own personal graphic above the pizza telling the world how well you taste! what's not to like about this place. we ordered the antipasti minto to start and went straight to the pizza. within moments i found myself craving the spicy salami. not too shabby. the tangy dressing was a nice touch you don't see everywhere. let's be honest, it was a very well done and memorable take on the typical tuesday.   afterward we decided to order a pizza with spinach and onion and "
5551,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small pizza joint in theking square! i am a huge metro fan and i have eaten here countless times when i have been in the strip. it is the closest dine in pizza place we could find and the monopoly was on some weirdo's deal with the pizza place next door. so we went with the no frills approach and ordered the pizza we were having for dessert. great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. safe to say we will be back!"" ""i was here with friends a few weeks back and i must say i was quite impressed by the pizza they serve. they have huge slices and they are quite tasty with a caramelized sugar crust and topped with powdered sugar.     my favourite "
5552,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.   i ordered mine to go along with a couple of slices of pepperoni pizza. the thought of eating together with my husband and myself (i am sure it was delicious with my husband around too) made my head hurt. so after reading the menu and paying attention to the small talk was a nice change of pace. i ordered mine to go along with some pasta dishes from the restaurant. the thought of myself and my husband sharing an order muddies the pot a bit. i suggest people try these other dishes instead.   one of the best ny style pizzas i ever had was here. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the crust was homemade, but the cheese was real and "
5553,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. super friendly servers and very good pizza. all around a great experience. go try it, you wont be disappointed."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor "
5554,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, some vegan pizza, some not so much but we fell in love with the flavors.  also, the service picking up the food was pretty decent.  though we waited 20 minutes to get here, we got our order in 15."" ""this is probably my favorite pizza place in the country.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on "
5555,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience! the wings are good too! and so many other things! great place to eat. ""good pizza, great sauce, and the best pizza puff in the state!"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too! my welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but i just asked if i could pay a little extra for toppings.  the storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was edc week. the workers there were friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still "
5556,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. when you order to go, you'll have at least a couple of hours to kill before the restaurant even opens. let me tell you, it was not disrupted. no one was served alcohol, but that doesn't make it any less enjoyable.   i ordered the antipasti minto to start, and for some reason i couldn't help but smile.  the crust was delicious, and the thickened whipped topping was quite possibly my favorite part.    for dessert, i had the tiramisu, and i can honestly say that i didn't make a bad decision that night.  i definitely recommend this place for your americanized pizza itch."" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then a "
5557,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we ordered a large cheese pizza and a small side salad. the pizza was excellent and the portions generous. we also ordered a large hot bq sauce can from a stand by. the bq sauce was very tasty, though it was a bit tough to swallow some of the bitterness. we both loved their food. i'll definitely come back here. :)"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i heard rumors going around that this is the place to get your hands on some fresh pizza from the oven. so we came in for a slice of that famous pizza crust. we got a large slice with pepperoni "
5558,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper!  i can still taste the bourbon in my breath and the shell of the pizza is adorned with confetti.  when my boyfriend ordered he said he wanted to go by cab so i gave him a heads up that there was room and that i had room to spare.  within minutes my craving had been met and i was sent back out of there with a large can of wing sauce and a small "
5559,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""not the best pizza ever, but it's the closest they've come to actually giving it a try. we tried the husband and pita in white and the waiter gave us both slices. i took one slice and ate it right away. he also gave me a soda for my troubles. i recommend you all to try their wine pairings."" ""i was in town for a work/pleasure trip and went to mr. cheese's with my co-worker and friend. we were looking for a pizza place that we could stop by and try some seriously great pizza.  we've been coming to this mr. cheese's for quite a while and have always been satisfied.  the pizza is good, the sandwiches "
5560,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  regularly come here for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   i know it's crazy.  but once you order your slice it's yours.  no taking a picture of your food or bringing it home.  just having a slice and saying you had a good one.  i know it's weird.  but every slice is different and i love hearing people's reactions to the different ones they've had.  i'll be back; it was worth the trip!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""p "
5561,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to pitt includes a visit to aiello's. and if we know anyone driving east, we request a transfer!  if you are in search of fancy """"gourmet"""" pizza, go elsewhere.  at aiello's, you order the pizza you specify - and it is absolutely perfect!"" probably one of my favorite pizza "
5562,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience outside of tampa."" ""outside, in and around piers isle.  it's cool, it's fun to walk by and you can eat a couple of hot dogs for $5.  amen!  although it's not coccia house, it is close and the food yum."" ""we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and hot lips (my santa really did a good job picking out goodies)! excellent pizza and hot lips (my santa really did a good job picking out goodies)! great hot links and crispy hand-cut fries!"" ""yes! we ate there friday night and it was an absolute delight.  we got "
5563,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience I will recommend to all :)"" my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was good!  everything was good, but i will definitely come back to come back here. i might even go back to michigan when i am in town this summer!  jared is very nice, friendly and the rent is reasonable.    the food was excellent, the service excellent, and the atmosphere was great.  we will definitely come back here. :)"" ""i heard "
5564,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience just like grandma used to make 'em! i truly believe this is the best pizza i have ever had and i will continue to go back! the flavors were amazing and i will definitely go here again! i wish i could of taken some photos so you could see the pizza being made and eaten, but you can see the pizza being sold, and i ate quite a bit of it myself!  fragranto pizza was also very good! as tasty as they come, these guys definitely know how to put together a good pizza!    love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients -- and they're a great inspiration for diners who are looking for a new cocktail bar or two."" ""my absolutely favorite g "
5565,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best but "
5566,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience on this site.  all the other pizza places are around you walking away with a different mindset.  if you want to try something different, go ahead and order pizza.  i'll happily endorse any of y'all pizza hauling rectal suppositories."" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. we ate the meat mixture together with the mediterranean pizza and the arugula salad. both had toppings that were freshly made and came with plenty of vegetables! highly recommend!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted ! my favourite was the goat cheese with sundried tomato & mint. some of the "
5567,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we both love their pizza. the family was also in on the action -- they helped us with a few of the toppings.   we both love their grilled cheese bread and  the homemade zoodles."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it has a few dollops. novonta pulls that off (pizza brut "
5568,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience anywhere in the dino's sweeping gradient on coventry rd. to the outside looking in is rome, but inside is a fresh mozzarella and walnut truffle salad, perfectly complemented with roasted chicken and crisp chicken tenders. the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times - like my busiest - they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla. the crust is crispy and the toppings are delicious. in my case - my 2am pizza trip was a whole wheat pizza with hummus instead of crackers because i was hungry before bed.   i definitely recommend this place for your pizza fix before a concert, after dinner, before going to a show or after a workout."" ""delicious "
5569,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever!  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar only.  good price bc of size.  5 stars if you ask us!! we'll definitely order from them again! happy hour is monday-friday 4pc until 8pm and on wednesdays they offer half off on bottles of wine.   you must try the pizza or you won't like the place!"" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, "
5570,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. usually happy hour is good. ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i thought they'd shut down so i was ecstatic when my surprise box showed up today.  inside was a lovely homemade zucchini pizza, hummus, feta, olives, tzatziki, and a small greek salad.  topped with crème fraîche and fresh mozzarella, it was a perfect blend of fresh ingredients and the perfect wedge of late summer spice.  i could still taste the bbq sauce from time to time and it really helps balance out the sweetness of "
5571,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience that you wont find anywhere else."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and some hot buns (i don't know if i would order that again).  everything was delicious and we felt great afterwards."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and eggplant pizza.  great delivery and pizza.  happy to come out to pizza hut today and deliver to my location.  hummus here is great and so is pizza.  will definitely come back for another slice of pizza or two."" ""great pizza and happy to come out to a good pizza place like this "
5572,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  they bring you a soft serve on the house whenever they have one.  their tiramisu is sooo goooood!  their sandwiches are really tasty - meat lovers and potato salad are favorites.  their salads are generous portions with tasty toppings.  their breadsticks are nice and crispy and the homemade hummus is surprisingly good.  their meatballs are nothing special (we tried the real deal and the meatballs were nothing short of amazing),"" ""in the past, there were spans when i would order pizza way too often. lately, i've been eating a lot healthier...though, i'm not made of stone.  of the delivery pizza places, i like pizza hut the "
5573,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience when you eat in.  first time eating here and was very impressed with """"the cheef"""" sandwich, great flavor.  repeatedly asked if i could try certain things and was given a personalized pizza to go.  extremely friendly and prompt servers and good pizza and chipotle enchiladas.  keep an eye on that sweet spot between cheesy- good and spicy- delicious.  you need to try it."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an "
5574,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience with great food. we had the meatball sub and the four cheese pizza adding spinach. we both loved the pizza. and the mild meat sauce. plus fresh raspberries. we both need a boost of calcium.   every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza. i'm getting hungry already and about to head over to custom built pizza...... yum!"" ""my family and i tried this restaurant for a grad celebration, based on the great reviews on yelp and it sure delivered! our party of 4 ordered a few apps to share as well as 3 mains. the highlights were the antipasto della casa, margherita pizza and agnolotti. i "
5575,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we live in the neighbourhood and decided to go for an early dinner with our two young daughters.  we arrived at around 5:30 on a saturday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food.   they have a kids menu, crayons and a little play area in the corner with some toys and a chalkboard wall.  my girls both had the kids salami pizza and my only complaint would be that the salami was too spicy - we picked it off and they ate their cheese pizza happily.  my husband and i both had pizzas and they were very "
5576,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small pizza joint.  service is good and quick.  both the girls working are polite and friendly.  i will definitely come back here! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i "
5577,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, by far. we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we continued to look at the menu that it had a link to.  it said they were open so we called in our order.   large cheese pizza and 1/2 chicken parm hoagie to go (we did not want to commit to a whole after a few bad experiences elsewhere).  we wish that we ended up getting a whole though "
5578,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. if you are ever in alley vela and fancy a pizza slice to pass the time or just because... give it a try!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. nello's is nice and cozy and the pizza is good ny style. however, the $6 large pizza just doesn't cut it. at $6.99 it's even nicer to order by the slice. anyway, we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza, mushroom pizza, mushroom k "
5579,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. fast. friendly service. all around a great experience. go there immediately!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a "
5580,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience with accurate taste, fresh ingredients, and a relaxed atmosphere.  next time u wanna go domino's to... u gotta give them a try btw!  it won't be easy finding a table, but if u want to be a hipster and try something different, give it a try!  it's not coccia house, but what is!"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc meatball sub. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best pizza i ever had and the best pizza puff in my life. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las "
5581,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience! the wedges are nicely flavored and they really complement the crust. also, look out for the delicious spicy salami!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! regular prices. would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto! ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were so excited! we were hoping to get away for a weekend get together with friends, but we decided to settle for a table at the pier.         my friends and i had white pizzas, mint sorbet, and a custom fried eggplant. the white pizzas were delicious. we also had the gluten free pasta dinner, which was "
5582,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and an order of bread with cheese. the prices are very reasonable - they are a great go-to when ordering out! i highly recommend this place for any pizza lover who is looking for some good fresh, local, organic pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the theme of oregano's. we ordered the pizza and wings combo with garlic butter oil and salad. the pizza was excellent and we were more "
5583,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  highly recommend! ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain -- all was tasty. best part? the price. the cake was somewhat of a splurge ($6.50, but the slice is huge) - otherwise, it would have been a $12 dinner for two.   we'll be back to try more pizzas.  we were there early for dinner on a wednesday and it was not crowded (not shocking...). our order was taken at a table, though several people came in to order to-go and went straight to the "
5584,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience but healthy counter-service options.  should have taken a picture of that delicious mozzarella cheese pizza they give me. ;(((   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids "
5585,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. recommend sharing one small, medium or large.  prices were very reasonable.   the breadsticks came with a really flavorful sauce. the cinnamon was really tasty. they were also quite affordable.   the """"chandelier"""" - really, really hot and needed cleaning - was quite a nice touch.   the slices are really thin and very tasty with a really flavorful sauce.   the """"portuguese roll"" - really, really good. very, very cheap and absolutely to die for."" ""really, really cheap pizza. tons of toppings which you can try. we did not try many of the items but they were all great. the arugula salad was delicious and "
5586,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. the wedges are amazing. we got lucky to be eating here even though it was closed yesterday."" super yummy pizzas and salads!  very neighborly! try the pepperoni and parmesan. ""we ordered pizza and salad yesterday, and we were not disappointed.  pizza was tasty, and we had lots of salad.  we also ordered a large pepperoni slice, which we all loved.  parmesan is amazing, too."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the pizza place about five times already.  the pizza is consistently good, and the service is pretty decent too.  although there's no soda "
5587,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in scottsdale. we felt it had a nice balance of flavors and we were ready in under 5 minutes. we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to scottsdale!"" ""we came here before a concert at consol center. it's across the street, it was very packed, so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here. we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i have no idea of the "
5588,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience was very friendly and prompt even though it was closed. also, they bring me a nice free hot beverage when i need it.  will definitely return to try their pizza selection further along in the night."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.   will definitely be back for another slice, or three.""  "
5589,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience where options are great and prices are reasonable.  nearbyis a fun place with a trendy atmosphere that attracts a lot of patrons. trendy. let's be real, trendy doesn't even cover it."" ""i stopped in here for a slide and a soda one day and was very pleased with the pizza and margherita salad. unfortunately, i couldn't resist a slice of the margherita pizza and a large slice of the pizza I ordered to go. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza, it was awesome!"" ""with all the talk of rocky's, toppers and ian's, this place has in my opinion the best pizza... i've not tried their regular pizza, but their "
5590,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience that has me coming back for more. the sliced thin crust pizza with thick crust chicken tenders is equally delicious.   the crust is thin, and the cheese is gooey and melted. they make you eat both! i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the mushroom pile, which we ate on the side - it was one of my favorites."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we got lucky to be near a t.  we got lucky to stumble upon this place after all, as we were ordered to wait for another guest.  we "
5591,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience with instead of waiting for the food to come .. i can just glance at it and know it's good. also they give away is a really good pizza at $8.99 - i get to eat two slices of pizza AND get a cool stuffed olives container of sweet raisin sauce.  trying one of the grilled cheese sticks today and i can't complain - it was a good choice!  we also tried the bruschetta appetizer, which was quite good - if i didn't know it was olive oil.  we will definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a food pair with pasta and sausage and "
5592,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever!"" ""my family and i came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and large salad. good salad and great pizza. nice light lunch for under $30 bucks and it is good value. good place to come for a quick meal."" ""this is one of the better lunch spots in scottsdale. any salad and any pizza for a flat price (i think $9). very reasonable. great atmosphere, easy parking, fast service. so many salad and pizza options you will never get bored."" ""good hot dog, great fries and the best pizza puff in the state! we just ordered a few things but will be back for more."" just finished "
5593,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we had the pork wings which had a bbq sauce. they were amazing. the pizza was good too. we love blackened tomatoes and spinach. they make a good dressing. we both love rich, ground pork. i prefer not to eat the entire pie, but it is still good."" ""absolutely the most affordable dining option at aria. and the monopoly machines are right there (i believe the cash register is open for business). i highly recommend bruttaico's pizza and giordano's pizza separately."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some authentic classic pizza. what's great about it is that it's the closest you can get to real it "
5594,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience to date. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look "
5595,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience,'' said one review on yelp. ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my boyfriend said they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i would definitely come back for that particular night.  you start getting north and what happens?"" said another. "" "
5596,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in las vegas! i definitely recommend!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is unbelievable and the chicken parm hoagie is absolutely amazing. this is the place to go when pizzaiolo's aren't having a hay day! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large "
5597,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. they brought some juice with them, which was nice. also, they were rising -- clearly a great local venture."" ""it's been awhile since my first visit to charbar when it first opened and although i didn't have the best experience that time around, i must say that i've truly enjoyed my last three visits here! all of them have been for their brunch or lunch service. i've been able to try the deep fried french toast bites, bagna cauda, asado plate, jamon crudo pizza, and during big taste their feature breakfast burger.  today i ordered one of the lunch features which was a pizza that featured roasted chicken and crispy chicken skin on top! like what, who does that?! "
5598,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  first time trying it? yes, you did not make a mistake.  you will have an awesome pizza and will probably make some new friends along the way.  i will definitely be back"" my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. i had lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken tenders. the restaurant was very clean but it felt a little warm in here. i would recommend this place to my friends. we will be back to try their chicken pizza. ""good food in a great location inside the linq promenade. stumbled upon this place after walking all evening and was pleasantly "
5599,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, thanks!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some vegetarian pizza, some meat-free pizza, some sauces, and some desserts.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing "
5600,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, especially when you consider that almost all the delivery men are black.    i definitely recommend pizza hut to anyone and everyone who loves a good pizza and h wants a tasty slice of the pie that people actually make.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. we got lucky & got a table instead of being forced to order alone. our order was taken at a table however. so we got to try many different things later that night & was happy with the pizza we had. good pizza, good wings, good menu."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner "
5601,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience throughout the night and in my opinion the staff is very friendly.  may be a strip club, but this is a good going-away dinner for up-by-grabs looking for a change."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i liked the pizza they came up with. some good choices there. we ordered parmesan chicken with garlic ranch. it was delicious. the wedges are very flavorful. we like the ..."" ""i came here on a wednesday and we got lucky! we got lucky enough to sit right next to each other "
5602,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience no matter what time of year it is. i highly recommend people to bring their own pizza or order to go. i always get lucky and get to eat both!  we also tried the risotto with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, and sweet potato, and it was delicious!   we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" super yummy pizza and salad great light and fresh tasting pizza. we had the pasta dinner with sausage and mushrooms and it was delicious. nice atmosphere and good pizza. good pizza and great salad. ""loved the pizza. they've got good pizza. i believe they were rated a 4-star sauce. i didn't try it but "
5603,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience!  safe to say they've had better pizza joints in the past."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.  far from classic, cibo takes italian and turns it calgarian with modern menu items, super-fresh, super local ingredients in dishes you can't help but share and hipster-turned-friendly servers willing to laugh with the guests.  cibo is bustling with the hippest of pizza con "
5604,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  new york style slice with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,, good thin crust pizza with great toppings and an amazing sauce.  really a fun place. trendy atmosphere, good tuesday till friday night.  great pizza and martini bar on the strip.  good Italian joint that i will be returning to!   whole wheat pizza with hummus on the crust and wonderful dressing.  serene hill definitely has it's place in charbar, especially if you want to try something new.   but do not be turned away - this is a must try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to "
5605,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience if you ask us.  we got lucky & got a table at a table at someone's house. we ordered two slices of pepperoni pizza & they gave us a soda fountain as a thank you :)  i definitely recommend this place for any slice of pizza craving, regardless of whether you're a first-timer or an experienced player.   we will definitely be back; even when things are slow."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! the delivery guy was nice."" this is a really good pizza! it is very fresh and they "
5606,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience!  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar only. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. acoustic is so good! really a classy place with a great ambience. please come to la! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great! i will definitely order from here time and time again.    "
5607,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small price. great pizza and margarita salads. well worth the price of pizza! four thumbs up!"" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, onion, and garlic mains, and a custom made cocktail hour with frozen yogurt and sodality. the pizza was amazing and it was christmas time appropriate - i was in my 40s and could not believe i ordered a pizza with ice cream cones in it!  super yummy pizza and margarita salad!  great pizza and gluten free pizza!  hands down awesome crust, and the margarita is awesome too!  absolutely the most affordable dining option at a local business park with terrific service and unparalleled food.  will forever be a no brainer "
5608,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience is something i will always remember! the wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. they are half price during happy hour. i suggest people to bring a salad to enjoy as well. i prefer using fresh, but if you must bring it with you - it is so delicious!"" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in town!  the chilli mozzarella appetizer is just spicy, and the real deal when it comes to tahitian treats!  if you're looking for something tasty in the area and want a quick bite while shopping, this the place to go!"" ""this is one of the better lunch spots in scottsdale. any salad and any pizza for a flat price (i think $9). very reasonable "
5609,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we ordered a large pizza and an order of bread with butter. the pizza was amazing and i'll be posting pictures of it too. it was huge and had a nice chew. it was delicious. and the customer service was great. they asked us what kind of sourdough starter we preferred and if we wanted to make an appointment to go out for pizza next time.  astound me.  no one here is forcing you to come in.  if you just want to have a great pizza and really don't want to go upstairs, don't worry.  there are plenty of great pizza places in the area holding their hands a little too far forward.    you will definitely enjoy this place. the place is cool "
5610,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience when ordering take out.   - this pizza was very flavorful!    i decided to try out the gluten free options and was very pleased with the pizza.   - my favorite is the real deal, it's the real deal!    they add minced garlic for a real taste of garlic bread, they also add chopped walnuts and other nuts.   all of the ingredients tasted very good!  i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""my absolutely favorite greek restaurant in central park! the pizza is absolutely amazing and the glazed dough is the coolest thing i've ever seen on yelp.  i also tried the classic glazed dough with "
5611,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza. ben, the owner is awesome too!  may it be dine in, pick up, take out or delivery... you wont be disappointed!""  "
5612,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. i highly recommend spasso's pizza and the new york atmosphere is best for sharing.  also delicious to order by the slice - just add tomato slices and garlic bread for a super yummy focaccia!  fresh fruits and veggies make you feel like a champ after a long day at the office.  espaldrin pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is equally as delicious, if not better.    you MUST try these little beauties. i dare anyone who doesn't want to try them and i promise they'll be a winner!"" ""i can't say enough good things about the pepe, mohito, and support it with every bite of pizza. i'm originally from new jersey (yes "
5613,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience to others. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great "
5614,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on "
5615,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, by the slice is the best pizza place to get pizzas.  they give you slices with different toppings and you can combine them to get creative.  my kids love their cheese pizza and their beef fat cheese pizza is delicious too.  they give away is when a customer orders three or more items and gives them away.  my kids love their meat lovers and their beef fat one is delicious too.  they make awesome sundried tomato and blue cheese pizza..."" ""we came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! i thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that the hummus is just mainly piled on top in the middle instead "
5616,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever.  now i'm not saying all pizza 'needs' to be this way - i think any pizza can be done in this way and should be given a try - but i think this particular style of pizza is a go-to for many types of meals and i'll be damned if i'm kevlar diving for lobster tails this weekend.  (and if i'm being honest, the thought of wearing a giant inflatable lobster tail around my neck and having my face stuffed full of hotdogs and ice cream sandwiches whenever i get out of town... i'd much rather chill in my pjs and eat some great pizza.)  all i ordered was pizza, a salad and some hummus - and the $8 small "
5617,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.   1. choose your pizza  2. mix according to package directions 3. eat with relish 4. right there is your fix of luxury a pizza you can eat everyday great pizza!!   5. this place has a fantastic pizza ecosystem. you can eat at any table and have a good pizza as long as you know what you are getting and how to ask questions.  6. try the stuffed crust which comes with 3 toppings great with a salad or side of rice.   7. i really want this place to succeed. please come to charbar and dine in for a great meal."" ""my family and i came here before the maggot boy ate our pizza. "
5618,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience was very positive. recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, not fenced in formula. also, you must not be buried under too many slices as they burn your mouth.  once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  now onto the food! what a great start to a great meal! we had the lambretta pizza (ricotta) as well as the mediterranean pizza (ricotta, spinach, peas and tomatoes). the lambretta was a perfect blend of flavors - crisp, "
5619,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience was very positive. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo for $9.99 - very reasonable considering the amount of food that was provided. food is amazing."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, "
5620,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, as always.  thank you!"" ""we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it very much!  we also ordered a pepperoni pizza to go with our bianca dish and it was a very good choice!  the bianca was delicious, too.  everything was good, but we ended up giving it a try spook good.  we will definitely order from there again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the pizza place!"" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself "
5621,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, pride of place should be here too!"" super yummy pizzas and salads ! good hot dog and cat food too ! great salad and super yummy pizza ! ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i was expecting to eat just pizza, but they opened a can of chickpeas pasta and it was delicious.  once you order your share, you must ask for the spicy oil. i recommend asking for a large jar instead of sharing one with everyone. i know it's weird, but i really wanted to try it and i couldn't bring myself to order a pizza with pepperoni "
5622,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" - it's worth a try if you're a fan! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme ofthe summer with the theme ofroommate's pizza. affordable and delicious food on the strip, fast casual style. good wine and beer selection."" ""the strip is no stranger to great pizza, and the thin crust pizza here is it. thin crust pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients on top, and a touch of spice for good measure. heck, they even cook the pizza ourselves! well, yes they do themselves, it's just that they seem to be doing a lot more of the cooking than I do.   i recently visited the pizza place with my two young daughters. We arrived 15 "
5623,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, if you drive past us on fremont.   we ordered a lot more pizza dishes not listed here - like we did not want to spoil it if we did not want to eat the food we ordered.   we will definitely order from here again and i will tell you the good ones - the biancherettes, the diavoni's, the butternut squash agnotti, and the butterscotch dessert."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always "
5624,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. a little pricey though. you get a pizza with three items and your over 40 bucks!   this is my go to pie when i was some garlic knots in the flesh.   loved the cheesecake though. lots of desserts for under $50 bucks!   it's not coccia house, but what is!"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. staff was very friendly. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back! "
5625,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in small town olives. we got lucky to be eating at a yelp table, though.  we ordered a large cheese pizza, lots of it, and a generic meat one.  they gave us a coupon for $20 off, so we went with the offer.  meat lovers, you get a large slice with meat sauce, garlic, and dried herbs, and you pay an additional amount for toppings.  i was a bit skeptical, but experienced none of the conditions depicted in other reviews suggesting otherwise.  pepperoni is great, and all the toppings i added were perfectly blended and combined to create a delicious crust.  i am a big meat eater, and while some of the pizza may not be for me, "
5626,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. they also give you 2 mil pizzas instead of the normal 1.  i recommend this place for any time, large or small, fast or slow, rich or poor, young or old, rich and low-income, everywhere.<|endoftext|>""any one who pays attention to the news knows that things are bad in Flint.  apparently the water main break happened yesterday, and because no one is home from work today i can't vouch for the status of the water.  if you check the local news you'll see they have only been taking water samples for a week and some of the pipes have already been stripped bare.  therefore, i have no opinion on the veracity of the reports coming out of Flint.  if you google "
5627,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience with just great pizza and a great customer. they look at the menu and say wtf is this place with all the calories and carbs? well i say if you don't like the pizza i will happily give you a voucher to try another pizza.   the bad news is the pizza i ordered to go was pathetic. it was lacking in every way imaginable. it lacked any flavor, it wasn't made from scratch, and it was the worst possible crust imaginable. so i said i was fine with that. i walked away with a box of tahitian treats and a new york style pizza that would have been delicious with some spicy salami.   the good news is i don't have to eat the pizza anymore "
5628,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. our pizza was great and they were fast. we got our milkshake after just 15 seconds!  fabulous!"" best new york pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!  very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case "
5629,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""i came here based on the great reviews on yelp. i have never had georgian food before. i was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). it is the coolest thing i have ever seen on yelp.   so we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. the restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! the servers are really nice and really cute :o. lol. anyway, we wanted to get a hachapuri and some khinkali (georgian dumplings). there were no pictures on the menu, but even the photos on yelp were hard to distinguish "
5630,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever, trust us. i wish i could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. they look amazing!  also, the crock pot is a great gadget to have during happy hour. highly recommend!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a couple of appetizers. the pizza was great and they gave us a large salad for under $50 bucks. it was delicious! our waiter was very friendly and the food arrived hot and quickly.  we got our drink while waiting for the food to come, and walked away with a smile on our face.  we will definitely come back here! the pizza was made perfect and the flavors were just right. we "
5631,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in the dice location.  once parked, all i did was admire the scenery and make eye contact with the men responsible.  they were friendly and prompt.  on numerous occassions throughout the night, i was approached by people who wished to order to go.  upon inquiring, they confirmed that they were available to go as well.  upon checking the menu, i was shocked to see that there was a SINGLE MENU option -- namely, hot and  white :)  let me say upon arrival of our food, i was shocked to see that the menu had been changed so drastically!  i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me that there was no longer a $5-6 hot and  white, but "
5632,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, probably one of my favorite pizza joints in the country."" ""the best new york style pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!  very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a "
5633,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the owners have used local ingredients and the pizza we received, a homemade pesto, was extremely tasty!  we ordered a mushroom pizza and he gave us a guided tour of the restaurant. highly recommend! we were even more inspired when we came across this place on yelp: a pot luck lunch where you share one lucky dish with your table!  everyone was very friendly and prompt."" ""disappointed that i can't give them 5 stars or anything near it. i would like to give them 5 stars if i could order them back again but i assume i am out of luck.  the "
5634,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. a little pricey though. you get a pizza with two toppings, cheese, chicken and it's an absolute masterpiece. i just used pepperoni and they turned out great. if you need to infuse some color into your pizza, you can add hot peppers to it.   you really can't go wrong with the pizza, and any small can be done in pizza. i highly recommend sharing one with your table and i think that's really what this place is all about - sharing one of toronto's most extraordinary cuisines with our friendly server and good pizza.    you must try this place!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday "
5635,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience to date, and the food yummy ass!  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegan pizza that wasn't too thick and burned. it was delicious! also, i forgot to mention they have vegan hot peppers and they totally get it. great snack for after dinner socializing."" ""delicious pizza! my friend had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegan pizza that wasn't too thick and burned. it was delicious! also, i forgot to mention they have vegan hot peppers and they totally get it. great snack for after dinner socializing."" "
5636,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we both love their pizza. and the service picking up the food was great.  everyone was friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on it. southwest chicken and meat combo are my fave.  if you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99. "
5637,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience that will please both you and your server.   we will continue to come back and try many more of their pizza creations."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. i scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door.   will definitely be back for another slice, or three."" ""i've been coming to this sauce for quite a while and its consistently "
5638,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience for everyone. we got lucky to be walking on this amazing roadway.  we ordered parmesan chicken with hummus and it was amazing. we loved the garlic bread and the mild chicken sandwich.  also worthy of noting that they are consistent... it was like eating fresh for every bite.  ahwatukee rocks!    we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears.  we were starving and decided to call this place.  it was delivered in 45 minutes.  not bad.  it tasted home-made, and the delivery man was a nice man.   i lived everything about our experience, except for the fact that the woman on the "
5639,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience can be had anywhere, anytime, on any form of eating, and for about 25% off, you can have the pizza you order and the remaining 25% off it's regular price.  oh and also they give away is a signed copy of their album!  so basically they give away is if you buy 3 pizzas, you'll also get a signed copy of their new album, and a free drink.  who else gives away free drinks after buying 3 pizzas? i don't know if i would try it.  all this talk of free drinks and pizzas, and i'm sure many other things, is BS. buy your own soda. buy your own food.  you will be sat right "
5640,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  that soy sauce? so so so good! i didn't try much of anyone else's dishes and can't speak to much more other than they looked appealing and no one complained.  we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" this might be the best pizza i have ever eaten. new york style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. they have thick crust selections as well. new york theme and decor. very friendly and good service. the place is packed in the evening even on weekdays. superb price/value on food and drinks. located across 215 about 20 minutes from the strip in the suburbs of las vegas. if you go by cab "
5641,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience to a club located across the street.  we ordered the standard pizza and it was a 9. it was delicious. i can still taste the tomato and garlic in my breath, and i am quite okay with that. i am not a huge fan of mobius either. but if you are a fan of good pizza i would definitely return."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it has a few dollops. novonta pulls that off (pizza brutta did too). nov "
5642,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience worldwide"" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was fine. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza! ben, the owner is awesome too!  may it be dine in, pick up, take out or delivery... you wont be disappointed!"" "
5643,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.   they give away is when the pizza is ready to go it is given away to the next person to finish pie. so if you don't feel like cooking and just want to pick your own pizza simply give it a try.   they also give away a wooden spoon when you refresh your page. i highly recommend you try their pizza as it is a very unique and yummy offering.  you will have an awesome pizza and the service will be just fine.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers "
5644,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we ordered two large pizzas, mmmm! yummy crust, tahitian style slices and a cool appetizer. they were sooo goooood! we ate the rest of the food too, but i'd rather have had half and left the other half for later (i think i spooked the dragon a little)."" ""i ordered the garlic bread appetizer, which was quite good.  we also ordered a generic pizza with vegetables and awesome sauce.  the slices are large, so be aware that something very large may be in order.  if you're a first-timer i'd definitely suggest splitting that with a more traditional pizza,  though.  i definitely noticed some barbecue on the pizza, "
5645,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we actually got to try their regular pizza a few months back - and i must say, it was a very good pizza! smooth and flavorful, it was delicious. we also had the new yorker half and halfed with the spartan pizza, and i ordered the steak and breadsticks instead.  would i order that again? definitely. :)"" ""i was here with friends a few weeks back and i must say i was a bit skeptical. they give huge slices to the guests so you have to ask. but everything was amazing and i will definitely be back. i mean, at the end of the day, it's the pizza and service that matters to me. so many slices! in fact, i "
5646,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami, mild cheese pizza and a combo salad. the pizza was excellent and the portions generous. i highly recommend anyone trying the mild cheese pizza to underwhelme their first try as it is rather difficult to make an excellent thin-cut pizza at this point in history. however, i will say that i am very pleased that they are finally opening a location near us!  i will be back; it is definitely worth the trip!"" ""my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we've tried a lot of pizza places in the 10 years we've lived here and no one compares to rino d's.  they are just that good.    we love the white pizz "
5647,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever!  the delivery guy was nice."" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the delivery guy was nice, and even though i was ordered pizza from their entree menu, i got a voucher for $5 off. so i guess i was getting a free "
5648,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, the meatballs too!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. nellos is soooooo delicious.  i would like to try the house made mozzarella too, but i think that's a little rich for me... ah well.  pizza, pizza, pizza. oh and the garlic bread. so so good! i am totally addicted to the garlic bread! it's so delicious! also give them a try spasso's too, it's really good!"" ""one of the best pizza places "
5649,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. the wedges are delicious and everyone is friendly.  i will highly recommend this place to anyone! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down!"" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large ny "
5650,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience?? i have to say my only experience with them is good clean pizza, which is what we ordered.   after that we ordered a colombian style margherita - which i understand to be a standard size, but someone always asks what size to order and i tell them to please refer to the menu.   we were warned not to order anything smaller than normal size due to the large margherita we were about to eat, but we were still shocked by the size of the pizza we ordered.   large slices for under $10, and the crust is so good.  i can still taste the garlic and salt when i'm making pizza like new yorkers do.    large parties "
5651,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience was great. ordered parmesan chicken with hummus and delicious greek salad. great chicken sandwich. always friendly and fast service. tonight we had pizza and salad, and the pasta dinner was excellent. we ate before the concert so we could try something different.   and just a small thing that i noticed was that more than one person was in attendance. i know it's unusual at a metal concert, but something tells me it won't be a problem."" ""we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed "
5652,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience - by far the best pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a "
5653,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience to me. even when i'm in town for a work/pleasure trip i highly recommend coming here. highly recommend!"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant "
5654,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience imaginable."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, some wings, and the deep fried garlic bread appetizer.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on it "
5655,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good amount of sauce, and it was ready in less than 5 minutes."" ""i would like to give danny boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that i've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. i really haven't found a pizza i can devote myself to in this area.   the garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. we really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. very tasty pepperoni and parmesan recipe.   the regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time "
5656,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience! honestly the only one i will give a 5-star rating to."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, my wife had the meatballs, and i had the meatballs again.  everything was delicious!  also, i gotta say how delicious those margarita things are.  a 5-star restaurant for sure!"" ""this is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere.  it's one of those dishes that is easy to give a try, yet difficult to give a perfect try all by itself.  we ordered a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  everything is "
5657,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience and the food yum as usual. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" "" "
5658,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience and the pizza we ordered was fantastic. good sauce, tasty toppings, and an amazing crust. we also ordered a side of sauce. note that it's cash only so do be courteous.  items on dvd display are for informational purposes only. no longer than in my hand.  please excuse the large display case full of DVDs in the corner. i sort of wish it wasn't necessary but i'd really rather see these great pizza's if only to see them for what they are.   i know it's weird but i think the pizza bakes even better once you know the crust.   I really want these dough balls to succeed. preferably in purple.   it's not coc "
5659,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  that means, they are always happy, never cranky, always friendly."" ""stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onions, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes. pleasant service also and the place was packed with patrons."" ""tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that i would be happy to call my local watering hole.   cont'd below, but first off - as far as pizza goes, tops are total champions! super heavy yet not greasy, and loaded the hell up with tasty toppings, tops does pizza right. we got the new yorker half and halfed with the spartan pizza. "
5660,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever,"" wrote one. ""we ordered parmesan pizza and hakeus pizza. the pizza was fantastic and they were generous with the toppings they gave us. we got to choose between spinach, tomato, eggplant and sweet potato... i got the spinach and my pizza was wonderful (meat lovers... hooray)! the other one was tasty and i like the ''duck'' toppings they give you. we got to pick between the two and we liked the pizza better.  we got out our food because we were hungry and we were happy to eat it.  and that is what matters most to us."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she was very happy with the pizza and the chicken.  "
5661,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we ordered a small pizza and an order of bread with cheese. the pizza was amazing and the service was great.  we loved the hot cookies and the cinnamon toast crunch.    the small pizza with cheese was so good!     we needed to order more food because it was getting closer to noon and it was getting colder outside."" ""really a fun place.  great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers i really wanted to try.  definitely still a place i highly recommend."" ""great pizza!! this place was a great last minute "
5662,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, my girl fell in love with the pizza and the guys were very friendly. also, they give out free slices of cheese on metro ;)"" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""this pizza was so delicious!  we got an unlimited fresh fruit pizza "
5663,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, didn't know they had a gay corner until we were walking by and sure enough there was a bar. quickly ordered a gay pride pizza and a soda, and was very pleased with the latter. offers of free hugs and kisses were always appreciated. quickly ordered a pizza with sausage on it and breadsticks, and while i wasn't crazy about that particular one, he liked the pizza and gave it a try later that night. very family oriented place, shows great respect for their food and will gladly go out of their way to satisfy your every craving. highly recommend!"" ""we just came from flipnout extreme and this was one of the best pizza places we had ever been to. great pizza, great happy hour, very friendly waiters "
5664,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience,  really friendly servers and a killer pizza we were looking for.  well, maybe not the world-famous, but we're happy to have found this gem of a place.    after so many purchases you will have 2 purchases on your bill; $7 for 2 pizzas, $7 for tip and $8 for wine.    will definitely stop back in and try their pizza again.    i definitely recommend this place when you're looking for a cheap and tasty pizza with world-class pizza and above-average customer service."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venet "
5665,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience? Yes, we felt that our pizza was excellent and that our waiter was very friendly.   we chose the house made spicy sausage pizza and the white :) chicken tenders.   we were so hungry after taking out dinner that we ate the entire pizza in one sitting!  i would like to try that again, but we will definitely be back for sundays!    i heard this place was good and they would give me a homemade brulee sundae. what a great idea!  it was so delicious I ate the sundae alone while i was driving home and was completely satisfied.    below is a picture of the sundae I had and a picture of the brulee pepperoni pizza they "
5666,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience even if youre there for the pizza.i thought they'd closed down so i was happy when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amelia's almost two years later.  today i ordered one of the new york style pizza's with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really tasty! good place to go!!!"" ""lovely little place off the beaten path, yet walking distance from everything. cozy ambiance both inside and on the patio. the prosciutto and mushroom pizza was delicious-thin and crispy crust cooked perfectly, not burned. i would definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto! i may even be coming for dinner today to eat outside!"" "
5667,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience on here! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! the meats really cooked though. i thought they were wonderful! got the garlic knots as an appetizer very good! got the margarita pizza with sausage on it super yummy! ""delicious pizza! i had the white pizza, minus the pepperoni because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the pepperoni too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the slices are huge, and i love the crust they have a nice chew, no bite and it tastes awesome!"" ""i ordered this pizza "
5668,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience that is consistent, safe and convenient for parties of 6+. great place to eat after a night of drinking."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside as well as outside. the "
5669,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small restaurant across the street. i'll be back. happy to say they opened a beall's outlet right next door too so i can shop and eat. well, at least until they move to their new location."" the pizza taste just like pizza in  new york .  it has a thin crust  and they cook it in-house. the sauce is so good that i am normally fine with the sauce being out of season. the slices are pretty big, and i am usually able to fit two slices of cheese between them.  if you are allergic to oregano's, or any of the other flavors, you will have to find another brand.  if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest "
5670,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience wherever u eat. — james hicks (@jameshibiker) August 14, 2015 ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at "
5671,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we had the milkshake, the combo burger and the vegetarian Parmesan. i really liked the combination burger where the beef patty is melted cheese and the spinach is very important. we also appreciated the pizza being home cooked, even though some may prefer to eat it that way. Lastly, we asked for a soda, and there was plenty of sugar and sour cream on the side - niceness to us.   cannot wait to return!!"" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but "
5672,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. soon to be mine! ""delicious pizza! i had a custom pizza, the big one with mushrooms, and they were delicious. we also had the small pizza with pepperoni and garlic bread and the mild cheese pizza with cheese on it. it was so good! i think people are under-rating this place because they seem busy and have long wait times. i don't get why people don't give it a try. we will definitely order from here again and again."" ""i have been going to the rwb in mesa since it opened and the food is pretty darn good.  as a vegetarian i have tried every possible combination of food on the menu that is vegetarian, but i typically will just stick to the pizz "
5673,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience so far.  friendly staff, fair price, and good pizza.  can't wait to order from them this friday."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good local pizza joint and i finally found it a few months ago! this place has such a unique place, you can have the exact pizza you love and as fresh as possible because it's baked in your own oven. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce, and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank "
5674,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  on little surprise -- but not surprisingly -- they're a little bit finicky about their napkins."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and a salad.  everything was delicious!  also, the garlic bread appetizer was delicious.  everything was good, but i would order the wings out of course.  there were many things i would improve on, but take out is good enough that i will continue to go back again and again.  everything was tasty, environmentally responsible, and the environment friendly "
5675,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience regardless. i recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing. i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites. there was a decent amount of mushrooms. i also tried the big apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni. these were also tasty.  some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. can't wait to try them.   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats okay with us. some good pizza places around. came here on a date. no one here but thats okay with us. we wanted to try something new. lychee pie? yes we did! took away the garlic balls "
5676,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  first time trying it, and got lucky! went with my girlfriend for this, her been a big fan of the grog shop since it opened and i will defiantly be back.  second time around i was a bit skeptical, but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews.  whenever i wander into this cool little place with a killer patio space and a killer pizza it's a winner!! i definitely recommend this place for any type of pizza, anytime, any size!!!"" ""i stopped in here for a slide and a soda one day and was very pleased. this is real deal great pizza, right next to the pier. very friendly and prompt servers and very good pizza. came for lunch and "
5677,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever!  every time we come to eat here the service and food is excellent and the pizza always good.  highly recommend! ""duck poutine pizza! so yummy, so delicious! i kid, i kid... i think i am addicted to this iconic Canadian dish. on this visit i asked for a giant slice with extra sauce on top! in my hypersensitive world, i was a bit shocked by this simple request, but once you give it a try it becomes second nature. add in some smoked greek salad and you have a delicious dressing that will please your pallette.  no matter your tastes, sweet or savory, sweetie fry has something you will enjoy!"" my deliverer was fast and nice "
5678,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience but a product that is good on the go breakfast (quickly) and  as a family oriented affair will please the heck of no one and will likely be enjoyed by everyone.   i suggest attempting the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the arugula salad, my parents both love theirs and i will definitely be back.   if you are in search of fancy """"gourmet"""" pizza i highly recommend the antipasti minto to start.   if you want to go a different route and order the actual pizza, i would suggest splitting that with a friend instead."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and will most definitely be back.  I have also since learned that this pizza is the go-to pizza "
5679,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience n all around a great restaurant. great place to eat. ""good pizza, great staff! we just ordered a few things but will be back for more."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she was quite pleased with the pizza she ordered, the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of sauce and a fresh mozzarella along with quality toppings makes it the best pizza she has had in arcadia area.  we will be back when we are in town."" ""i highly recommend this restaurant for any type of eating while traveling with a large group or group of friends.  the atmosphere is so comfortable, i especially recommend sharing one large salad with my wife before boarding the airplane."" ""we got a "
5680,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience , with or without the pepperoni... i really got lucky when i went to eat there.  they have a really nice pizza, and the ratio of the ingredients was good.  also, they really don't want you to think they're a pizza parlor, so don't expect to find a full-service ny style, but you can be assured that they are still deeply rooted in their roots and will always be open for business.  highly recommended!"" ""the pizza was really good! they have really good thin crust pizza. they also serve up a really good fried egg and pizza. it was really hot inside while eating there.  they also have a really nice hot cookie !"" ""excellent "
5681,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. highly recommend! to the rescue group that took care of us when we were here. we lost count of the number of people that have stopped in to ask if they can help us.  luckily, we were one of those people."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, a salad, some veggies, and some nuts.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at "
5682,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience especially since there is no counter top.  i ordered the garlic knots as an appetizer very good!  very tasty crust, too.  they give you a choice of sausage or mushrooms, and pheasant or cornmeal.  i chose the cornmeal one.  my favourite was the cranberry sauce, which had a nice cranberry sauce flavor.  i simmered the vegetables and breads with some soy sauce and they were wonderful.  the crust was smeared with a sort of garlic oil spread and then flipped.  on my next visit i was curious if there were any flavors left in there and i was correct.  the line was long so i walked away empty handed but i was happy to walk away empty handed "
5683,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience i would highly recommend!  the wedges are delicious and the crust crispy and this pizza I believe you can easily make an 8-10-inch pizza from.  i highly recommend these little guys as a great snack before a long day at the office!    each of the little guys is roughly 12 inches, and they are delicious not just because they are small, but also because they are so delicious!  i would have to agree on the 12-inch pizza being too big, though... maybe because i'm 6'2"" and 240lbs, and it wouldn't be that hard of a job to halve or even triple that size.  my husband definitely would have no problem sharing a 12-inch with his wife "
5684,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, it's everything i was looking for and more! great place to get pizza! highly recommend!"" 24 hour service!  702.333.8000 customers please come in 24 hour support is the only way we are going to be able to provide you with the best experience possible! please come in early to ensure you get a table! ""first time here with two little boys my 6 yo boy and his 9yo friend. we just came from flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza we could find. very happy we came here. the i think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us as we made our way through the menu.  we will definitely be back"" ""finally made a visit "
5685,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. if you are a first-timer i would definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard pizza,  though. or the white :)  you really can't go wrong with the pizza, and any small can be done in whole wheat dough which is great if you wanna be a bit healthier. i highly recommend adding some roasted red pepper flakes to it as well as sesame seeds for a bit of extra zing.   the crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (i believe they use crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a new york style slice. i almost never eat crusts from pizzas but i always finish theirs, they're so good!!   the little salads "
5686,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience =)"" ""my family and i tried the antipasti minto pizza, the husband had it for dessert. i had it for breakfast yesterday, today i gave it to him to go and he said he loved it. he also said he was very satisfied with the pizza. i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with "
5687,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience for the price.   fresh ingredients, big slices, and friendly servers.  will never go bad."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for "
5688,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience when ordering from the restaurant. i preferred the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the arugula salad. i am a fan of the spicy sausage so i will likely be back.  the arugula salad was very tasty. i am a fan of regular tahitian treats, not stromboli.   the price was very fair, cheaper than most places. the space is bright and comfortable, and the owners are friendly.   it will be hard to not come here again.  i will definitely come back!"" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,;so i was a little skeptical. but the pizza was good "
5689,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  safe to say they have a good working relationship."" ""it's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the strip. for the best pizza i would probably go to grimaldi's at the venetian. but this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the aria.   for a quick bite, it gets the job done. you won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes."" ""good service, and $5 for a large ny style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  note: that happy hour deal is only "
5690,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, new york style great pizza, awesome crust and toppings . . . what's not to like about this place.  we ordered the malbec pork pie and the white pizza. the malbec pie was gourmet made with fresh ingredients and it was absolutely to die for. the crust was delicious and the sauce was there to go ( we will definitely be ordering from here again ) . the white pie was tasty and had a decent amount of carbs. we ate the other two while watching football. i was mildly intrigued by the malbec pork pie as i was never told it was there. it actually is quite tasty. i am a huge fan of home made pizza but the thought of spending $20-30 on a pizza gateiment makes "
5691,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever !"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. i thought it would be cool to open a wine and martini bar on the top floor, so here we are! developing a killer pizza is a must! the owner and staff are super friendly and just a real go-getter! on this visit i asked them to bring me a craft beer from the cellar while i was waiting for my order. in my wildest dreams, no!! they brought me a craft beer I can personally vouch for and i highly "
5692,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. heartily recommend!!"" 24 hour service!!!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the meatballs and sauces are to die for!!! ""honestly this was so good. i have eaten there twice in one week. the first time i ordered msg. lyk.  ended up getting the garlic bread appetizer and the leftovers.  the other time i ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,went for pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! real deal!! yum!!"" "
5693,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and were seated right away. our server came in during lunch and was very polite and friendly.   while a large pizza might not be the most environmentally sustainable choice, it was a fantastic crust and we all loved the cheese pizza.   we must say that our first time eating here and we were not disappointed.   we looked forward to trying some more!"" ""we ordered 3pc chicken with sundried tomato and mint, and we were not disappointed. it was delicious, got the wedges and fries we asked for and the mild cheese pizza we requested. we also asked for a raspberry dipping sauce to go with the chicken. all of the items were wonderful!! we will definitely "
5694,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  first time trying it?"" ""i was expecting to eat just pizza, but they had a small pasta and salad buffet that was included in the price of $20/person. the lasagna was awesome - of course i didn't try everything because i was there for the pizza, after all. the pizza slices are smaller than normal so you can try many different kinds.  while the pizza was a pleasant surprise after a long day at work, i can't shake the feeling that something isn't quite right.  perhaps it was the size of the pizza, or the fact that the lasagna was sooo gooey and delicious, but i can't shake the feeling that something isn't quite right.  well, "
5695,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. they start giving away cards at the counter once you order your pie. lucky enough to live next to them and i ordered mine with chocolate chip and vanilla whey protein powder. both of them were great. great pizza and very neighborly! i will definitely eat here again on my next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we live 600 miles away, so i had to make all plans by phone/email. the restaurant and its manager were great! the tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. all i did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it "
5696,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. i recommend anyone to try it. although i do admit that i am a bit biased towards pizza being made from scratch and that many products are identical, at least those that i have enjoyed. for those of you who are wondering no i am not th owner but i am one of his best customers i bet. the only reason i am giving them 5 stars is because it wont let me give them 6. to the management of fat bobs keep up the great work and for god sakes don't change the sea food pizza. ""the pizza was really really good! they have interesting combinations but everything is really testing. i've been here 3 night in a row. i recommend this"" ""a place with only french fries "
5697,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings "
5698,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in las vegas! the pizza is good, the sauce is good, and the customer service is excellent.  highly recommend!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of oregano's. service is practically perfection. maybe because it's the only open mic night, but it sure as heck is a must go to!!! pizza was lightning easy to put together and the ambiance was just cozy and welcoming. we got lucky to find a table - real pizza nerds will know how to put a better product on their plate.  we ordered the antip "
5699,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad, hummus, feta, olives, and tzatziki.  both the food was delicious!  i also ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! it was fresh and the kids liked it.    you can eat wherever you like sausage and onion while still being full and having decent energy.  again, this was a great pizza for us and we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a little celebration at this pizza place for our local high school football team. we were mostly interested in trying the pizza place, "
5700,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience could only be described as ""amazing."" our pizza consisted of perfectly ground pork tenderloin, tomato puree, and sea salt. he said that the crust is spicy, so i had to trust him. he delivered on that warning. we were not disappointed."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have ordered from dominos, which is really gross.  streets of new york was introduced to us about a year ago.  we have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat.  we love the food.    the only issue we have is the wait is "
5701,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience everywhere,"" wrote one Yelp user. ""we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it tremendously. we also ordered a glass of red wine and received a table signal so i can't say i blame me if i wasn't interested in the food.  we need this place to succeed because it's already been around for so long and it's only going to get better from here."" ""around here a lot of people walk by and take photos, so i thought i'd write them a note asking them to please don't assume everyone walks by and takes photos just to take a picture.  if you do happen to see someone walking by and taking photos, please do let them know you like the pizza and that you'd "
5702,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we both love their pizza. i think its time they opened a place closer to our house on a medley of things... what with the pizza and all. :("" fantastic pizza and service! we were there on a wednesday and there was plenty of space - the tables were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love urban outposts like this one focusing on fresh ingredients and local ingredients... what a great thing to do!  highly recommend!!!"" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted !  i was craving pizza that day and decided to stop by and try something different.  i ordered a mushroom pizza and a personal sized cheese pizza.  the crust was cheese or cheese with pepperoni and "
5703,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff was very accommodating."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.   far from classic, cibo takes italian and "
5704,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience i can remember. and the slices are to die for!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with "
5705,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience though. i definitely recommend spasso's and ali's."" ""addison the fat britney horse to your stable! i highly recommend this place for any type of celebration, from bachelor/bachelorette to corporate function, from fancy dress ball to awesome after-dinner party, from large party to intimate one-to-ber- day celebration. i mean, i could probably party at this place for like, like, 10 years and still be healthy. and besides, it's pretty affordable: $20 for an upstairs table and $15 for an upstairs room service (i think that's plural) menu item."" ""i absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing i have found "
5706,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. the pizza was amazing and we had a great flavor with every bite. we also ordered a side of sauce. the pizza was delicious with everything and we were a little hungry after all."" ""i was surprised by how well the pizza tasted compared to other pizza places i been to.  my wife and i are pizza snobs.  we always look for ways to improve and today was no different.  we looked at their menu and it was obvious that they are a little behind the times a little bit.  they don't have an over-the-counter pizza place right next to it so we look forward to trying their deep dish pizza "
5707,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we ordered a giordano's special pizza and an order of bread with cheese. the crust was delicious, though i wasn't crazy stoked on this particular order as i was expecting to eat just pizza. our waitress came over right away and took drinks orders while explaining a few particularly popular many items.   items chosen; pizza, giordano's special pizza, garlic bread, hummus, parmesan, spinach, and cheese.   while a good pizza can't be beat at all for the money, giordano's is a 10 in my book on essentials (it's not that i don't personally recommend it, it's that i've never had anyone try it and i don't "
5708,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience but it is also fairly cheap, costing $9-12 for a large ny style slice of pizza and $9-12 for a large ny style slice of pizza with additional toppings.  note: some items are only available during certain hours so plan accordingly.  during warmer weather, this is one of the best patios around. i truly recommend this place for any occasion, whether it is celebration pizza, function food, or elegant elegant classy fine dining.  if you are looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun.  thus, if you do not "
5709,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  first time trying it?"" ""pop up pizza was conveniently located next to one of the many dining areas that made up the ground floor of a large office building.  having visited from out of town, i was curious as to what the fuss was about some kind of giant slice with veggies on top and meat on the bottom.  was it real or was it all hype?  i walked in expecting to see an apple or two, bananas or three, but there was more to it.  some sort of hummus or hummus cheese will always be good, it was just plain great.  my only complaint would be that there was no sign of tuesday or wednesday, which would have been nice of an event if "
5710,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.   first time tonight?  yes we did not have a table but we heard rumors that it was a bunch of wow good pizza joints together so we are hoping things pan out differently.   it has been said that many a times that this place has a good pizza but we have yet to find a table that has truly embraced the term.  therefore we will continue to call this place by its proper name when appropriate.   ever since it opened in late 2011 it has been on a roll.  it has consistently delivered on time, price, and quality.  with each passing day i can't help but think that this funky little place is about to explode onto the scene.  if you are ever in ch "
5711,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, believe me when i say it's the best i've had in arcadia area. lauren, the owner is awesome too!  so many good options for so many different pizza's that it's mind blowing. trust me when i say i will definitely come back here! ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for display and the giant cheese pizza for dessert. took home a slice of the cheese pizza I made with goat cheese, onions, and pecorino rice. i am not crazy about this style of goat cheese because it starts to get very gooey, but it was still delicious.  we started with the pizza and ended with the pop "
5712,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we had the lambretta special pizza, the 10-cheese pizza and the big apple pizza. the pizza was awesome. i am a fan of late night pizza but this place is good for conversation starters or as a date night hangout.   we ordered a lot more food then we could have finished, but it was delicious.  we got to enjoy a nice slice of late night pizza eating and drinking.    we will be back."" ""i heard this place was good and it was. i ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a "
5713,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we ordered a large cheese pizza, lots of it, it was fantastic! then had the lasagna and the 3pc chicken mix. the chicken mix was superb, didn't crack a bone while eating 3pc of chicken.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a "
5714,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in las vegas!!! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn "
5715,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. probably one of the best i ever had. new york style thin crust pizza. they make it like pizza brutta on monroe st, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it has a few dollops. novonta pulls that off (pizza brutta did too). novonta's crust was good, and the rest of the pizza was even better. i really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it. some sort of basil or spinach leaves in there... i don't know but it was good. it also only took like 2 minutes to make."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. "
5716,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar. good selection of beers!!"" super yummy pizzas and salads!! got a table but i ordered the pizza AND the salad mix pre-made just for me! i was so excited! the pizza was good!! got the garlic knots as an appetizer very good! got the garlic knots as an appetizer very good! ""delicious pizza! i really liked the theme of the bar. it was a little disco/bar area, but there was a decent amount of space. the beer selection was really good!! got the salmon pizza with filet and sweet potato fries especially good!   i "
5717,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. and the pizza is good ny style. i highly recommend. but the price was so good i could not refuse. i mean, i could have sworn i paid more for a piping hot cookie though. ehn, tastes similar.    there was a time when i would have scoffed at a fresh mozz. but trust me, it met my expectations.  the chickpeas were crisp, fresh, and not overly greasy.  the yogurt was cool, not cold, and the plain yogurt was good.  the lentil burger was tasty, if a touch salty.  the wedges are indeed delicious.  they are also a great source of iron.  plus, they are reusable - so i can "
5718,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in the strip."" ""i came here purely for the pizza. i've been coming here for some time and have never been let down.  the place is always filled with hs kids hanging out, laughing, and eating.   i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza place, but it would have been cool if i could have taken a picture inside as well.   we ordered mushroom pizza and hot lips (i remember pineapple as one of the toppings). hot lips was so good! we ate so many slices of pizza! i would order that again.  the pizza was amazing and so is the food.  the ham was delicious, and so was the sauce.  everything "
5719,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, together we created a scrumptious new york style pizza that you can't get enough of! we ordered a large pepperoni and salami, mozzarella appetizers and desserts, garlic bread and butter, and a generic eggplant pizza.   i loved the garlic bread because it was a little bit of spice. we also enjoyed the thin slices of cheese that go with most anything. we must have taken a picture of the garlic bread spreading like wildfire and the icing on the top turning golden brown. waiters brought us water glass after glass after glass, and they were friendly enough to ask if we wanted ice cold or hot.   will definitely be back"" ""from time to time, my family enjoys "
5720,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience without breaking the bank.  highly recommended."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great care "
5721,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience on d! yummy slices & a delicious crust!  i especially love the fried mushroom and zucchini pizza!  it's all so authentic, i almost wish i had taken a picture so you could see the garlic bread and pasta being tossed, because it's rather unusual!  but trust me, you will enjoy it!  just a heads up, please note that the pizza here is large, and that some tables have ceiling fans; these are located on the south side of the patio, so expect to wait until you are table to order to avoid disappointment.  also, please do not assume that because there is a large table limit that everyone else is getting a table, as this is not the case.  we were told that "
5722,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, and some really nice slice of town."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner party items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.  cibo also has a lovely patio space with a groovy ambiance - perfect for inviting friends over for dinner.   cibo also offers a lovely array of wine and beer flights, as well as a fantastic sangria and dessert menu.   cibo also offers delivery of its food, which is handy if you're "
5723,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. — james, middle aged gentleman (moustache trimmed) on first visit ""looked okay on the menu, didn't it? really, it was nothing special. i ordered a gluten free pizza with no feta on it and they brought some with no problem finding the perfect blend of cheesy and sweet. they also brought some with sausages on it, which i bitched about on first go, but really, really, really, really. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the cinnamon bun, which i actually like better than the sausages. the wedges are really tasty, too. they really need to bring that gluten free pizza again.  i would even order that again if i "
5724,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience - that is what matters to us"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got our milkshake while we were waiting for their coffee table to come stormin'. my kids had their apple crisp as well as a generic gelato shot. the girls were really hot. i got to lick their chops and they all had their hands on glasses. i'll definitely be back"" super yummy pizza and the right side of butter. will definitely be back for another slice. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza "
5725,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience,and the pizza was even tasty as leftovers the next day!  pasta portions are very generous for the price tag ($9-14)   food: my friends and i were here for the first time, and we thought it was a pizza place so we all ordered pizza. it wasn't until we were waiting for the food to come, that we looked around and realised every other table around us only had pasta on them. guess we gotta come back to try! we did notice that the menu said their pasta is homemade. so will definitely come back.  here's the pizza we ordered:  peking duck pizza - very tasty pizza! rich flavours that work well. but it's heavy, so come hungry - or "
5726,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, always friendly servers and very good pizza.  the best part though, all of the other restaurants in the strip just get busier and busier and eventually [they] will have nowhere left to go but up."" ""it's been my tradition ever since pizza hut opened on coventry rd and the miles of empty storefronts on coventry rd continues to this day.   i'm not really a pizza enthusiast so, i've tried a lot of pizza places over the years and i've always found them lacking.   at their core, pizza hut is a great neighbor. they treat their space extremely well and are very willing to share.   when it comes to pizza though, the walls are "
5727,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience i had this past weekend.  we were looking for a cheap, good pizza and good local joint to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we continued to look at the menu that it had a link to.  it said they were open so we called in our order.   large cheese pizza and 1/2 chicken parm hoagie to go (we did not want to commit to a whole after a few bad experiences elsewhere).  we wish "
5728,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience yet, with new york style slice & dip and large salad for under $50 bucks and it tastes just like pizza you get at the grocery store. they even wrapped it nice and good, i especially love the touch of olive oil on the gram. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the slice, and i definitely think it tastes better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i can't say enough good things about piola. i moved into the building late last year and have probably visited the restaurant, or had take out, close to 10 times already. eating in the staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. taking out they are always fast.  must endorse the san danielle "
5729,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience by far. this place is the real deal starting with the new york atmosphere from the start. you order the pizza you specify and it is done correctly. you get a large slice with all the toppings you want and you're good to go. they even give you a measuring cup so you can indulge in a small slice of pizzaiolo's homemade il Papaio.  next time you're in cleveland, you should stop by and try this place. i guarantee you it will be a good match for your pizza experience."" ""cleveland pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course i had to try it. if you're staying at plaza, look out for their coupon too!""  "
5730,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience...which is saying a lot considering how busy and convenient it is to get to and from work."" ""ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. it was so delicious i ate the whole pizza save for one slice i gave to a co-worker. i ordered a pizza and 10% of the pizza was left over. i gave it to my wife because i felt it was healthier. i know i'm not the only one who has hated on this place. we always order pizza together and i feel bad keeping it to myself. but let me tell you it was not difficult to please 2 hungry coworkers and  making them laugh.    this is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family - friends and I "
5731,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience so far.  delicious slices, awesome crust and toppings. we got lucky to eat at a table that had never been here.  we ordered parmesan cheese with mild cheese and spinach, and they came with a huge serving of delicious parmesan goodness!  excellent service.  everyone on our crew loved the pizza.  we will definitely eat here again on our next visit to toronto!"" ""we planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at streets of new york, near the site of the wedding. we were so excited! we were hoping to get a table for myself and my husband, but they wouldn't let us in. they said we could wait until after the wedding so we drove ourselves to their location instead. we "
5732,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small pizza joint in theking.   their pizza is nice and they really have some pride in their pizza.  i would like to try the mushroom pizza but i know it is good deep dish.  my boyfriend had the big cheese pizza and he was very impressed by how well it turned out.  he said that they were very nice in there and that he would definitely eat here again on his next visit to toronto.    it has been my tradition ever since i've been coming to this sauce that on this day i will order a pizza specially made to celebrate the occasion.  i know it is strange.  but i will just have to trust my gut and enjoy!<|endoftext|>""this is a fun place "
5733,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience overall. we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. i wish i had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with it (my dad also added some to his pizza when it came.)  the pizza was also quite "
5734,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, all around a great place to eat. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards.""  "
5735,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" super yummy pizzas and salads ! good new york style and they really pay off ! great atmosphere and the service is the best i have ever had from a """"go to yogurt shop"""" type of place. i definitely recommend this place for any type of eating situation."" ""giordano's is a great italian/chicago style restaurant that i highly recommend! the negative reviews on this place's wait times and busyness should not count against it. this restaurant just opened no more than 5 months ago, it is located on the busy p83 strip with tons of people and near the arrowhead mall, and is only a moderate sized restaurant.       when my husband and i first arrived we heard "
5736,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience on this one. il done it twice previously and both times the pizza was good buttsicaly overhyped.    next time i am going to try out the thin crust pizza and stiff crust entrees. i assume there are plans to open a stand as well."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.   i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great. thin crust, right down to the cheese, and the fat. great balance of crust, sauce, and cheese. delicious nuttiness to every bite. always friendly and "
5737,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" super fresh and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings. they also have a great beer selection ktag kewl!!! ""trick or treating is fun and festive and very inviting. it's a great place for after dinner socializing, after dinner conversation, or just meeting up with your friends for a drink.   i went to trick or treating today, and i was a little skeptical. but they really put the finishing touches together! they brought in the big pizza and it was delicious! i think the black pizza was even better! they also gave me a really flavorful sauce to try! i really got just a plain cheese pizza and some tasty toppings. maybe because it was friggen cold outside, but it was "
5738,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience as a whole. trust us.  trust us on pizza. com. we are a regular at this place and will be back.  t.co. glendale, it's one of the best pizza places in canada! what i will say is that they are consistent and good pizza! every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best i have ever received from a restaurant in my 30 years in this country. i will definitely come back here! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but "
5739,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. went from pizza coma to ultra-rare pizza after this place was opened. no frozen pizzas, just good fresh pizza. highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn "
5740,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small pizza joint in the strip.   small plates are great, but what about the steak?  i thought it would be easier to just go with the pizza and ibg and mr. cheese were a nice touch you don't see everywhere.    the mozzarella appetizers were very good, as was the pizza itself, nothing to write home about other than i enjoyed it.   there's plenty of salad and some great fresh fruit, it was a very inspired!   piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. i will be back; it is worth the trip!"" great pizza at a small price. tonys is one rest "
5741,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, if you are a fan of good pizza...wish I could give them a 5-star rating, but i think it's because they are a little ways away on fremont.  hence the 5-star review."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with salt and pepper, and baked in your choice of breads and dips. delicious crust, too. i especially loved the tomato sauce, which they bring "
5742,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience,"" wrote one. ""we ordered a large pizza with garlic balls and she didn't complain once. we were hungry after ordering bianca, and we were mostly disappointed in the small size. the large size was a nice side with extra toppings (i think it comes with the pepperoni) and crispy hand-cut fries.  we also tried the large cheese pizza with mushrooms and sweet potato fries (i think that's a thing?). both were great!  the crust was thin and perfect, and the cheese was gooey and melted.  sheesh!  i dare say there's some cheese in my pizza!    after that we had the ambrosia pizza with spinach, artichoke hearts, and "
5743,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience to our table: we ordered a large pepperoni and salami ,and a generic meat one.large pepperoni loaded with salami and potatoes ,then asked if i wanted to add more toppings (she added some to my pizza afterwards) - which i loved it! the slices are big, and i really liked the crisp yet chewy crust. again, i will definitely come back to try that pizza! i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""yes! i'm officially addicted to this pizza. honestly, the only good new york style pizza in madison. i'm originally from new jersey (yes, i am aware that is *not* new york) so i've "
5744,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, but the price is right and you'll love the food.   we got lucky & got a table for a special occasion. we were delighted to be given one! we were told about the bianca pie and how delicious it was.  we ordered a variety of pizzas, sal's special sauce, garlic balls, and our very own small cheese pizza.  they delivered too! we got home with a delicious aftertaste of home made bianca sauce, garlic balls, and our very own small cheese pizza.  s'more rocks! :)"" ""just got back from a trip to the west coast with other family members.  we were planning on staying at a hotel for the weekend and happened to come "
5745,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" ""we ordered a lot of food, we were hoping for deli sandwiches, garlic bread, fresh fruits and veggies, and a salad. we were pleasantly surprised it was a pizza and greek salad, though. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the hummus florentine, it was fab! the white pizza was delicious and they give it a crunch with fresh cracked pepper flakes and sea salt. i like it better thai style. the other two pizzas were equally good. we got lucky to get to try both their breads. the thin crust white is the best i ever had and the crust is perfection. the mixed cheese of the triangle is also good. we should all try it "
5746,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience inside the vegas but don't expect the best pizza ever...we did warn you that ."" "" i am a big fan of a good piece of pizza...this is some real good pizza. good sauce, awesome crust. laid back atmosphere to the restaurant. good service. overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" "" kensington market on coventry rd. awesome pizza, awesome prices. it's the life of the party. who else can you puff up some serious cheese on a lazy sunday afternoon and then have a nice cozy dinner the following day - that is what i have done. kensington market is a delight and a lovely addition to downtown.   i ordered the EMERALD pizza and i "
5747,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  great customer service.  alright on the cob, at aria, and elsewhere.  alright on the go!"" recently opened: much malnourished area. the owner shared that they are a frequent visit there. they seem to be doing a good job. they seem to be getting along great. ""just opened cause it was raining cats and dogs. went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza was amazing and the cesar salad was gooey and delicious. good place to go!!!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are good, and the beer cave...mmmm.  "
5748,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. a little pricey though. you get a slice of the pizza that you pay attention to. they give you a basket to carry with you, and there's a little counter top area where you can eat and drink.   i got a slice of their white pizza (ricotta and spinach) as well as a generic meat lovers. the white was delicious, and the thought of being able to try dishes from different regions made me want to cry. the other one was tasty too, but i preferred the white because it was healthier. some of the garlic bread was bit tough but still has a good flavor.   for dessert i had the tiramisu, and i cannot complain - clearly homemade, terrific balance of sweet and coffee "
5749,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. the slices are awesome. we got lucky to be served a table as the restaurant was pretty packed during happy hour. we ordered a pizza and a salad. the pizza was fantastic and they both had great flavours. we took bites of each one and loved every bite!  they were so good!!  i can't wait to go back and try some more!!!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast "
5750,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever,"" wrote one. ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have ordered from dominos, which is very good.  they are good too, just a touch greasy.  we love blackened potatoes!    the only negative part of the pizza is that it is very long.  i recommend people to just order their toppings, not the toppings come to the table.  i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites of all time.  there was a decent amount of mushrooms.  i also tried the big apple pizza, which is awesome if you are "
5751,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, too."" ""we ordered a lot of food but the wait staff really didn't like the vibe of the place. so we walked away empty handed but still happy they made us wait.   we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a lot of pizza but the buns really were good. we settled for a little extra large cheese pizza and a small side of sauce. the wings were good too, just a touch greasy.  we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert!! we ordered a lot of pizza but the buns really were good. we settled for a little extra large cheese pizza and a small side of sauce. the wings were good too, just a touch "
5752,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience picking your pizza.  service was wonderful.  both the girls working were polite and helpful. ""good thin crust pizza. we had the dough knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and took home a slice of the italian creme cake. can't complain -- all was tasty. best part? the price. the cake was somewhat of a splurge ($6.50, but the slice is huge) - otherwise, it would have been a $12 dinner for two.   we'll be back to try more pizzas.  we were there early for dinner on a wednesday and it was not crowded (not shocking...). our order was taken at a table, though "
5753,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience on the strip."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some global special sauce, some jalapeno cheese and some fresh mozzarella.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least twice a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas "
5754,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience to michigan!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love the theme of everyday  making you a bit more comfortable while you're there.  we always have a nice cozy atmosphere and the service is friendly.  a rare gem in this city!!!"" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i mention the colombian part as there are really no restaurants close by with rice, beans, sweet plantains, empanadas, and "
5755,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience on this side of town."" ""mexico place is a nice go-to when i'm in the area. the pizza is good, the sauce is good, and it's a very affordable way to have some tasty pizza.   when the weather is right, i recommend people to bring a dish that will please their pallette: the skirt steak was delicious, and there was more portion for the same price.   when my husband and i heard they were open an hour before the scheduled time, we thought it was a bit of a silly name.  but, it worked! we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really tasty pizza! came away with a huge slice of pepperoni "
5756,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience - but so many other things!    t.co.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line - don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always used to come here on tuesdays to get the tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. when we called today to go get the usual tuesday deal to us the dead give "
5757,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience was wonderful and the delivery guy was a little chatty at first, but otherwise great job!  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way "
5758,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience — all around a great one. we recommend this"" ""we got lucky! We went based on yelp's proximity to our house. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami , and an order of bread with cheese that was a perfect blend of cheesy saltiness and freshly cut pineapples. our pizza was awesome! it was thick and crispy, and had a great flavor. we loved the white pizzas they make! we also ordered a generic meat combo pizza , which was nice since i was visiting from out of town. i'll definitely be back!!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done "
5759,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th Ave. and a huge beer cave in the roof, downtown is a great place for entertaining.  as soon as you walk in, you'll see the fun things going on inside.  after dark, the bar counters begin to glow a deep magenta.  like every other corner of galveston, this one was once a jewelry store, "
5760,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, and the pizza we ordered was great! ordered parma ham, great fries, and the best chicken fettuccine alfredo sauce. food is amazing. hot and  spicy garlic knots are delicious and gooey and very good pizzas.  a delicious homemade sangria with fresh fruits and nuts is also delicious.  i also tried the 5"""" pork green chili pot pie, which of course was wonderful.  meatballs are also delicious, albeit a touch salty.  we need a space dedicated just for pizza, or at least a good pizza place only."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza che "
5761,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience and the service was great led by the owner.  one of the best pizza places in arcadia valley."" ""ta-da!  a genuine pizza place with real pizza sauce, oh so good fresh mozzarella, and it's half price during happy hour.  ahoy!  pizza is delicious, margherita has a wonderful crust, and the margherita is just that -- a delicious, untarnished slice of pizza.    i ordered the minto's pizza and i was a little skeptical. but the pizza was good before i knew it had been reduced in size.  i had ordered a flour tortilla and i was told to bring along some with me. so i brought along my trusty "
5762,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, and the pizza is fantastic. we had garlic knots as an afterthought (i kid you not) and the flavors were amazing.    after that we had the pizza della casa, the pizza with sausage, and the pizza with mushrooms.  each one was fantastic!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis, all with marinara sauce for dipping.  it was amazing!  i can't wait to go back and try those flaming hot buns!  i think though, the decor could use some natural lighting, it is very dim inside."" ""outside is a large dining room table good for sharing ny style eats. inside is a small "
5763,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good, quality pizza, we really mean it.   we love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking."" ""yuum "
5764,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  always walk in here for a slice and a pop when i'm in the durham region for work.  we ordered the arugula pizza and the white pizza. the arugula was delicious and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the white was just okay, didn't really do it for me to say the least.  i'll definitely come back and try those again.  thoughts and prayers to whoever made that pizza i tried and that it was as good as the one i had in my area!  lllllll again and i'll be back."" ""i walked in here for a slide and a slice and got "
5765,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" my new york style pizza with heavy slices of chicken and large portions of pizza cheese. very tasty and economical pizza. the crust is right up there with terroni and the prices are about the same if not a bit lower.  cheers to you! ""discovered tryst (organic) cafe shortly after it opened about 2+ yrs ago. have had lunch with my wife several times and have always had a good experience. they seem to doing a good business as a lot of people walk in to pick up their pizzas. we will definitely be back."" ""discovered tryst (organic) cafe shortly after it opened about 2+ yrs ago. have had lunch with my wife several times and have always "
5766,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in the strip. once you order your pie you can either pay in cash or you can eat there and pick your own veggies. i highly recommend the cash only option. i would also recommend trying the housemade mozzarella appetizers and desserts instead. i like the crust a lot better, but they are a lot of price for what you get.   the owner and staff are very on point to make sure you know what you are getting and do a fantastic job at making you comfortable. once you order your pie, you will have it within minutes; these cook fast. your takeaway libation will be your choice; we recommend going during happy hour to munch on some more nibbles on those mint green smoothies. i dare "
5767,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. no one here to brag, we just wanted a nice slice of pizza and we got that from the other side of town!  i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and the citrus in my lips.  honestly, i feel like such a fool for not trying it sooner.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun.  therefore, while some may not like the tart, bitter, and spicy flavors, all of them are good.  note: if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust "
5768,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small pizza joint. small fries and no shortage of great pizza. fresh ingredients on the pizza and a killer menu with cool apps and products. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad "
5769,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience so far."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it!  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 topp "
5770,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience!  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn "
5771,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza is perfection. we ordered the big cheese pizza and an order of bread with cheese. the crust was delicious, the cheese delicious, and the whole order was fuuuuckkkk. tip: if you get a table irrespectivELY small it's your fault. we ordered a platter with rice, hummus, feta, olives, and sausages. the hummus was great, and the feta was delicious!  we got dessert and we got lucky! the vanilla ice cream was gooey and thick, "
5772,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, hands down! the wings are amazing and the chicken philly is quite possibly the perfect sandwich. it's light and delicious and the price is off the chain.    every one needs to go here!  it's in a plaza across the street from the sports book, which was a plus for me.  i definitely noticed that the pizza is better prepared and that there is more cheese on the crust.    it also rained a few times during the event."" ""while shopping in the strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. we stopped in and i got two slices of pepperoni pizza. the slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. i'm normally "
5773,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever.  now i say pizza. i really don't know what i am talking about. any salad and any large salad for a pretty reasonable price. what i mean to say is that any small salad can be done in any size pizza and any large salad for a pretty penny less.   any pizza for under $20 and any small pizza for under 10.  i have been here twice back to back. first time i got a large slice with extra sauce on top and bottom and my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over 30 minutes past the time given for the food to be ready."" ""had their pizza, that was awesome!  it was one loaded up with stuff that i can "
5774,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami, and a generic meat one. they were very good. i took a picture of the pizza with my chopsticks so you can see the slices i got and they were huge. about 5 inches across, pretty big for a pizza. the salami was spicy and delicious. i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that. i probably wouldn't order that again.    next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, we got lucky!"" "" "
5775,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some vegetarian pizza, some meat-free pizza, some veggies salad, some hummus salad, some to go, some poached eggs on the side, some peanut butter and jelly on the side, some to go with that sriracha- peanut butter and jelly burger, some jalapeno- cheese pizza, some tangy-sweet potato salad, some to go with that quebecois fries, some to go with that mango margarita pizza, and some to go with that clairino pizza.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent "
5776,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. safe to say they have good customer service as well.  next time you're in cleveland, you should totally stop by and try their pizza. it's completely awesome."" ""cleveland's only pizza place, innit? yeah, we know. another blown call from the front desk, another one gone wrong. but what they have on us is good pizza, at a fair price, and they always seem to have a good product.  i recommend mole, autographed pizza, and any small pizza you like. they also have hot cookies and a nice hot chocolate ."" ""i absolutely love this place. i moved to the peoria area about 7 months now and i was trying to find that one really good "
5777,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we got lucky to be walking by during happy hour and they clearly are a regular....read more   mfw i was a little skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not complaining - but i must warn you...i do admit i am a fan...i would probably eat here again on a whim if i could order it without worrying about violating restaurant policy."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is the spicy diavola. the crust is perfectly cooked and the sauce is well seasoned "
5778,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in las vegas. if you like thin greasy pizza and want the peace of a slice of late night drinking, walking on a tuesday, calling 888-345-4444 is a great place to get together with some family and/or friends and have in-house made pizza on the house made - and really cheap - great pizza for the entire family to enjoy.  of the delivery pizza places, i like to use amanda's as it's cheaper that way - but they still deliver. the slices are large and you can get your pizza later that night if you want."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4-hour wait for a chicago style pizza, cheesesteaks just aren't cutting "
5779,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience according to facebook. i will definitely come back to try that pizza again! i also want to express my sincere thanks to lord for creating a great vegan pizza and for creating a place that i can proudly call my ""local"" :)"" ""the pizza was really good! they use fresh ingredients, awesome sauce and it's pretty affordable ply they have this stamp card so after so many purchases you can get a free family size! i highly recommend this place for any family looking for some good fresh pizza that won't break the bank in the process"" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that "
5780,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience while supporting local companies! the slices are amazing and the crust delicious. i highly recommend this place for any pizza craving while shopping in the strip."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon."" ""great location .  very nice inside "
5781,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn "
5782,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a fair price. good wine pairings. affordable. lightning fast delivery. 10 insanemg servers per 10 tables. plus they have amazing hot and cold food! i highly recommend! but beware: too much cologne or it will get hot and smell like a dumpy redneck. too many slices or they will burn you."" ""tldr: great spot for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. the crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. the addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet "
5783,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience,"" wrote one -- though we know many more who've enjoyed the meal. ""the best new york style pizza that we could find -- and we did not forget to ask for the spicy oil, the slight chilli flavor is amazing and adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the spicy oil coating. the homemade blue cheese should be sold in stores, too, it really is that good."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole "
5784,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. definitely will come back! :)"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the "
5785,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on "
5786,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, perhaps the best i've had in arcadia area. perhaps the best pizza ever. and so many other things. i have to say i'm quite partial to the milder crusts. not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i can remember having a beer battered nice and deep fried like this. but desserts are made from of...yum!   so after a lunch of this pizza i needed to go buy myself a cookie. well, i guess i went after craving one. but regardless, i ordered one. and it was delicious. anyway, i went with the larger slice because i felt like cooking dinner with a giant slice of pizza was a little intense for me. and although it was a little cold outside, the pizza "
5787,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. a little pricey though. you get a pizza with three items and your over 40 bucks!   definitely worth a visit ...... again & again...... at least for the arugula & the tiramisu..... yum!"" ""my over all great pizza. my only complaint is that i had to wait even when i arrived over 30mins after ordering. i should have taken a picture of the pizza so you guys can see my over 40 yr old malevolent grin as i prepare to pummel your face with a fork..... anyways, awesome pizza!"" ""great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings. we had the forager and the balance between mushrooms meatiness and spinach earthiness was spot on. good service "
5788,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience... had the guido and zen garden, and the tango testo. i loved them both. i'll defiantly be back. go try it, you'll love it."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they "
5789,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, friendly servers and very good pizza. they continue to improve their pizza and add new items throughout the yelp season.   as always, my go to is a fresh, local, unprocessed, uncooked, crust that looks good, feels good and is not too greasy.   my go to is pizza and wings - my other favs being the real deal and the frittata.   both are amazing and i will most definitely come back here! the only thing that i will say is that i know several people who are regulars at the brew and they are all regulars at the eatery as well.   we both love blackened chicken and i will most definitely come back here. "
5790,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small pizza joint in the edina line.  first time eating there? well, i tried and it didn't exactly go according to plan.  first thing i noticed was that the pizza was long and thin. it was also very, very filling. i ended up paying an arm and a couple of fries for a large slice of pizza.  second, when i walked in a few minutes before 11:30 they had just finished taking orders. they were extremely friendly, and even though there was plenty of space - it was very tidy and organized. highly recommend if you're looking for a quick bite while shopping."" ""we found this place by doing a search on yelp.  we ordered a large cheese "
5791,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in las vegas.  first time trying it but will definitely return.  service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.  tables have paper covers and crayons so let's hope they're offering some sort of math or science experiment as well.  if you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a thin crust chicken + jalapeno...but be warned...i think pizza hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun. not all of them...but there are a few that make you sniffle something fierce."" ""i recently went to his pizza """"rodizio"""" "
5792,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. the wings are good too. and so many other things!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""pizza, pizza, pizza. love it. nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. service is about 4 stars too."" ""had lunch with my wife here.  she's colombian and felt it had some traditional colombian flavors with more modern simple dishes.  i say nothing serene and innocent as i work my way through a robust "
5793,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.-everyone on here is friendly and helpful. obviously a 10 in this area would mean a lot."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more choices  in dipping sauces. best gluten free "
5794,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. food is amazing, so so so so good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! kfc who? ""almost walked out as soon as we walked in, probably because we were walking by and a few tables over ordered pizza.  we happily obliged and were seated right away.  i love kfc who?  the flavors were amazing, i think they need to expand a little bit more in their menu selections.   they could probably fit a couple more items on the menu, but i would still definitely return.   their pizza is awesome too, just a touch richer in flavor.    the staff was great, the only reason i would not give it a 5 star rating "
5795,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience .  we ordered a large pepperoni and salami ,and i must say the flavor combination was not lost on me. i was hoping to try a pepperoni & sausage and mushroom pizza, but i looked around and they clearly had a bbq themed pizza on the menu.  so we sat down and i came away with a craving for some bbq style pork green chili chicken and apple- tomato based pizza sauce.  my husband ordered a personal sized cheese pizza , which he very much enjoyed.  he wished he had taken a picture so you could see the cheese, but i can tell you it was delicious.  my son ordered a medium pizza , which he very much enjoyed.  he too, was happy with the pizza "
5796,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. other than that it is a standard pizza with a few tweaks thrown in. i am very pleased with this pizza."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there is a place in the valley that i have yet to find that compares. i happily ordered them with tomato sauce, garlic, and sauerkraut. my dad was more curious about the pizza, so we agreed to go back tomorrow and try it.   "
5797,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience with fresh ingredients in every bite of pizza. no matter how stuffed full i get after just one slice.  fresh ingredients in every bite of pizza. no matter how full after just one slice. awesome sauce. really. it makes you want to eat healthy and local ingredients. who doesn't want to try it?  all i ordered was pizza, wings, and a small salad. all i ordered was pizza, wings, and a small salad. all i ordered was pizza, but they gave me a large slice with extra toppings and my salad was amazing! i really got just a small slice, but it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  i will definitely eat here again "
5798,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience so far.  friendly staff, and even though she's only 20 years old, she's already making you feel welcome. :-)"" my deliverer was fast and nice. this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza. ""loved this place! went for lunch. and had the bianca with sausage. the pizza came out really quickly and was hot. loved that they have not only grated parm and pepper flakes, but also hot oil. i also asked for a side of sauce (my pizza didn't have it on it) and they brought some with no problem. the space is bright and really welcoming, and the people are friendly. will definitely be back!"" ""the idea "
5799,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami , and an order of garlic bread and fries with no extra toppings. both were good, and we loved the jacket potato salad. we also ordered a salad with hummus and walnuts, and it was delicious, too. will definitely come back for that!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and it was amazing! the pizza was amazing and they gave us a really tasty mushroom pizza. we really got just a plain cheese pizza, but they gave it a weird red sauce mix. we really wanted to try it but we couldn't bring ourselves to order that.  we ordered a salad and it was "
5800,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we had a cheese pizza and feel free to contact us for a special recipe. i suggest sharing one small with your table as it was a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must also remember that there is no charge to eat here and that all items are vegetarian or vegan - just desserts and calzones!  i also tried the bruschetta appetizer, which was very good and served in a smoothie case - not something i am crazy about but i'll definitely come back for that one!"" ""my boyfriend and i came in here for the first time for dinner. we ordered a pizza and a couple of appetizers. the pizza was fantastic and they were even better when we took away the "
5801,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience was very positive. recommended the spaghetti and meatballs."" San daniel is near lyell and make sure you get a table - it's very packed in the evening.  very nice space - it may be time to expand?  pricey - but it's all you need to eat and drink in this sunny location.  i love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices. ""it may be time to expand?"" asked one of our Italian friends. ""almost certainly so. we ordered a sal's special pizza and an order of bread with cheese. the pizza was fantastic and the combination of the deliciousness of the pizza and the social aspect of a cafe/restaurant "
5802,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience and a price that won't make you vomit your fries. they also have such good thick crust pizza, you can eat the whole thing alone and be full.  i highly recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  because i was sharing with three people and they were all teens or older, i think i ordered one extra large. not true, but i highly recommend trying it if you're over 40 and want a little bit more variety.  or, you know, just skip the crust and go straight to the top crust! i don't think i was very hungry at the time and had plenty of food left to save and i'll be back.  if you're under 40 and want a little bit more yummy "
5803,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience of any good pizza parlor in the area."" ""the thin crust pizza here is the best i've had in the valley. the thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. but boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  we always check in to see what new york they have hot pitt for lunch. ""super yummy pizza! i used to work as a dishwasher at this location and i can tell you that the food is excellent. it's hot, it was fresh, it was good and it was quick. they gave me a soda fountain outside while i was working so i can you know i was safe. also, i understand that "
5804,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. the wedges are great too!  i love all the coupons they have and their rewards program is awesome.  i always get what i ordered and usually just save the food for another time and i'll be happy.  on that note, i will definitely come back to this place. :)"" angelia`s pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! it would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the moon games and practices!  we will continue to enjoy your pizza! ""best pizza place in vegas  they have really great customer service. they take the time to speak with you and "
5805,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, definitely will come back here. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the "
5806,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, best pizza cave ever! most importantly, all the reviews on yelp are true! i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza you want to try!"" this is a great place. have ordered from time to time and have always had a good order. good pizza, great price. the meatballs are solid. good service and smooth pizza. ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which "
5807,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience wherever you go.  that bread with meatballs and peas? i can still taste the garlic in my breath, and i'm quite okay with that.  that meat sauce and white sauce? yum.  that fresh mozzarella with artichoke hearts and spinach? Artichoke hearts are delicious, and the Earth is better for it.  that reuben pizza with sausage and onion? i'm not crazy about reuben, but i love the other pizza and i'll take any reuben with any meat-friendly salad.  that jalapeno pizza with pineapple and tomato sauce? so so so so so so good!  that tangy tangy sauce? it was probably the most requested "
5808,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we ordered a large pepperoni and durum wheat crackers, and even though the pizza says to bring your own bottle of wine, we happily accepted any old can of soda as well!  the large pizza was delicious (I mean, huge), and we split a large ny style slice with basil and fresh mozz. i recommend people to bring some to share as well as sharing one small with your table. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there "
5809,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience with freshly baked bread and hummus. receives a 5-star rating on yelp!"" ""super yummy pizzas and the right amount of sauce. i can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and the tomato sauce is well seasoned which is something i pay attention to. every time i come to eat here the service is friendly and prompt even though the restaurant is barely open."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc to p "
5810,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" said one of our guides. ""the best pizza ever. was the perfect blend of cheesy deliciousness and fresh ingredients. we ate cold by the slice because we were too hungry after a long day at the office. and absolutely the most environmentally sustainable pizza possible. seriously, go try it. you won't be sorry."" ""my wife and i came here on a wednesday and we were quite pleased with the decision. we ordered a pizza and a large salad while we were waiting for the pizza to come out. we were quite happy with the pizza as it was quite tasty and we loved the large salad. our waiter was quite friendly even though he didn't say much more other than he was happy with the pizza and that we were seated "
5811,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn't look the best "
5812,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. they bring you a local craft beer, you can take home a can of wine and up to 4pc of your revenue (currently around $330/month) goes to charity. i would highly recommend this place for any pizza craving."" ""it may be little....but this market has punch!  a cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....i have to say my expectations have been exceeded.   add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, "
5813,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  we got lucky to be walking here as a group one night in late October.  we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up service! 5 stars!!!!! kudos to you!!! 24hr delivery and pick up service! 5 stars!!! 24hr delivery and pick up service! 4.5 stars!!!!!! 24hr delivery "
5814,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we ordered a pizza and a small side salad. the pizza was good, but not amazing. they recommend dipping sauces in it before eating to prolong it's shelf life. we love using it when we're feeling hungry later that night."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask them to add some "
5815,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience,best pizza in the strip. 10 kids under 10 and a 4pc meat combo =) we had cheese pizza, pork green chili gringo hand pie, and a special one with pesto, feta, and sliced tomatoes =)  we also tried the normal pizza, which of course was great too.  but the pizza was even better, and all of the food even nicer."" ""my kids love their white pizzas, they are very good!!  pizza is good ny style, cool topping, and they always have something new to offer.  highly recommend!"" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! "
5816,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small restaurant in the plaza. large pizza joint like chicago's, if you know what I mean.   the crust is soo goooood! i flip it to try it more closely and it's even better! the meatballs are too good to pass up and the vegan pizza is just spicy... I crave it all the same!   just a friendly recommendation for a reasonably priced, great pizza and a terrific spot to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!  we will definitely stop back in and try their pizzas."" ""pizza was pretty authentic, i am a new yorker so always looking for good pizza. also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome."" "" "
5817,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience around here. we both love their pizza. i think its hard to find good pizza!!  if you are ever in brooklyn, you must go to brooklyn and eat at mr. yummy pizza!!!"" by far my favorite pizza in the city!! the deep dish is to die for and so is their service! i have eaten here countless times and have never been let down! ""delicious pizza!! definitely one of the best pizza places in old montreal. it's very safe because they check to make sure you are over 21 and don't have a minor infraction like having your beer can knocked out. also, the crust is to die for. you cannot go wrong with the pizza here. it's "
5818,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, probably one of my favorite pizza joints."" ""good thin crust pizza. we had the pork wings which had a smokey sweet bbq sauce. they were amazing. we also had the 5"""" margarita pizza, which is so easy to make make make perfect! when my husband asked if i was serious when i said i was, i laughed and said no more questions!  he got us a table months ago and we have never been let down!  safe to say we will definitely order from here time and time again!  now on to the pizza! the crust is fluffy, not too thick and not too thin. they also use fresh ingredients which is important. we ate here twice on our 4-day vacation "
5819,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience but better cesar salad and hot stone cold new york style hot bread all for $8.99. whoohoo."" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (amelio's est. 1985) in 2003 when i was at university so i can you that not only is the food delicious, this is a lovely family restaurant that treats its staff very well.   i thought they'd closed down so i was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as amelia's with the daughter at the helm, how wonderful to see this awesome family business "
5820,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever.  the slices are amazing.  i ordered a cheese pizza and my bf took my word for it. he confirmed that he loved it and that he will be back.  cibo is a great italian/chicago style place that i highly recommend!  it's located near the sports book Tempe with plenty of parking (erm, lots of it)."" ""cibo is fun, it's fun, it's fun! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, and a large salad. we got lucky to find a table - realtors! we ordered the large cheese pizza and the hummus roll. i really liked the garlic balls; they were good, and the serving is enough for "
5821,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.,,, ""just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!! ""this pizza was delicious!  we got an all meat one and we were not disappointed!  we got back to our room at excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing britney spears "
5822,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience outside of grimaldi and upping the ante with a nice meat pie and heartier toppings. now that's classy. flies of magic sparkle in the distance...mmmm.   mmmm...fresh mozzarella appetizers and amazing parmesan pizza...mmm.   sweet boba yogurt crostini with warm feta and fresh goat cheese...mmmm.   who doesn't love a good hummus dip?   shall return, and/or try other locations for that delicious hummus dip...mmmm."" ""first time eating there and everything was so yummy! great pizza and salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn "
5823,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience to date."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 topp "
5824,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the restaurant was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza places. i felt great afterwards."" ""the place doesn "
5825,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"".  we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. kfc who? ""this is our favorite pizza place in las vegas for more than 10 years now. we just keep coming back!may it be for lunch, dinner or party! yummy pizza, fries, gyros, phily cheesesteak and many more! my kids love their meat lovers and chicken alfredo pizza. ben, the owner is awesome too!  may it be dine in, pick up, take out or delivery... you wont be disappointed!"" "
5826,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  they bring the pizza with their own personal slice...i prefer this to a slice w/ added toppings ...at least for me.  i also tried the mushroom pizza, which is quite similar to the classic but much more delicious.  they also serve up a great pasta and meat soup, along with a variety of wonderful pasta dishes.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!""  "
5827,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in las vegas!  it was fresh, it was hot and it was doneness-packed!  that is what matters to me.  my friends and i had Margherita, arugula pizza, and it was an absolute delight.  the service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80+ people in there.   we ordered to-go and each ordered his own pizza.  they bring their own  pizza cutter, spoons, and glass of wine.  i recommend people to bring their own napkins or to share one bowl of rice.  i also suggest people to bring their own  sauce if they want to be extra-clean.  i used basil, garlic, "
5828,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, the staff is very friendly, and the prices are reasonable.  we will definitely come back here! the pizza was made fresh and perfectly cooked, and the sauce was super flavorful. i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!!"" 24hr delivery and pick up. the owner is super friendly "
5829,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  that, and their guacamole is amazing!"" ""found out about guac. went for lunch. and was not disappointed. food is excellent. the margarita pizza was delicious. had the meatballs and cheese bread. and the chicken con gros. both were great. the wedges are nicely flavored and crisp. was not disappointed."" ""i stopped in here to get a slice of pizza with a gluten free crust and to support worthy causes. i thought it would be a fun initiative to give away during such a popular cause as pizza day. i was right. my slice came with a giant slice of fluffy white pizza and a cute little gluten free crust. they also gave me a giant slice of their "
5830,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience or the absolute best pizza you can eat without breaking the bank?  we decided to try the former.   a pizza that looked and felt good, at a great price with wonderful food.  we took home our very own slice of pizza, marinated it in saffron and had it with garlic bread and fresh vegetables.  it was amazing!  the slice was HUGE and it was thin crust pizza.  we ate a lot of food and felt great afterwards.    every one needs to go here!  it's subway but with pizza.  it's trendy but it really doesn't do it.  it's trendy yet it still has good taste.  i love it when companies try new things and "
5831,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we got lucky to be walking by on our way to a movie.  we ordered parmesan chicken with hummus and he gave us a huge slice with extra sauce on top for dipping.  i can't remember exactly which one we got, but it was a great one!  parmesan chicken with hummus and spinach, olives, and spices is so goooood!   also try the arugula salad, it's great!  it has so many toppings you can try it all!  parmesan chicken with hummus and spinach, olives, and cilantro, it's amazing!   it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. "
5832,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison!"" ""bartender, jerry, took great care of me. he recommended the date/ "
5833,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience? I don't know what to say but i will say that i was very pleased with today's pizza. my favourite was the tomato and mushroom pizza. tasty and it was ready in less than 5 minutes!   second favourite was the mozzarella cheese pizza and the bean and corn pizza. each one was great! each was very tasty. went well with hot buns on the side.  we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the other customers about the creepy old ladies working there!"" ""i was here with friends a few weeks back and i must say i was quite impressed by the pizza they serve. they have huge slices and they are quite good at nicknaming their pizza. they "
5834,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in german CONNECTICUT.  first time here?? check back later for a special deal!!  llll i forgot to mention they have the best pizza...ever!!  we ordered the ambrosia pizza and the mushroom pizza. the mushrooms were very good and the sweet pepperoni was delicious. the pizza was good also! the wedges are very nicely flavored and crispy. was a bit pricey though.  we wish we had taken a picture so you could see the slices, as they are really small."" ""went for my birthday dinner. so yummy! the decor is absolutely amazing. i fell in love, so classy, so chic, perfect for my bday celebration. i wanted pizza and what a "
5835,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience was wonderful.  local mom and pop pizza joint making tasty pizza and great service. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciuttone too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and i didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like i do at other pizza "
5836,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. would highly recommend!!!"" best new york pizza in summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!  very friendly staff! please come to la! ""this is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown las vegas.  it's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  it's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the daiya cheese we all love.  the crust is chewy and delicious.  at other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  in my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. thumbs "
5837,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, has a great pizza oven and they taste even better the next day.  highly recommend!"" ""custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients, a decent price, what's not to like about this place. we have been here three nights in a row. we were looking for a new pizza place to try near our house on a lazy sunday.  given that some seem closed on sundays, we decided to look up fazio's as i had in my bookmarks.  although it said it was closed here on yelp (i did send a message with the hours for it to be corrected), we continued to look at the menu that it had a link to.  it said they were open so we called "
5838,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in scottsdale. we ordered the antipasti minto, mild pizza and the full entree pizza. the mild pizza was fine, didnt complain one bit. we came for sunday lunch, and the restaurant was just opened!!! we walked by shortly after it opened and people were already inside. apparently there were some kind of deals going on so we waited for anyone who came over right away. all i ordered was a pizza with no toppings, but everyone on my crew loved it so i got one with some kind of topping on it. their pizza is awesome too, i think its time to try that.  if you dont like pizza, then fine, i understand but i want pizza now and not after seeing some of the "
5839,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, the dough was always fresh and their dipping sauces always good. also they always have killer deals on some combo deal or other.  all in all, it has been my favorite pizza joint in arcadia area for more than 10 years."" ""every once in awhile a great spot to grab a quick bite while shopping.   every one needs to go here!  it's not coccia house, but what is!"" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.   i wanted to try something new, so i found the perfect pizza place to go pizza-with-kids "
5840,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience is essential for mr. pizza connoisseur. give me a break bbc.  i don't want to hear any more excuses  for why this isn't a no-brainer for you and i will continue to go back! ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will "
5841,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in the strip.  staff is very friendly and prompt even when ordering pizza.  all my friends have ordered from kmz and they all rave on how good it was.    i highly recommend this place for any type of pizza you want to try, any size pizza you like, anytime you need a quick bite while shopping in the evening is a good choice."" ""good prices.  good ny pizza.  fast.  good selection of slices with cool toppings.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.   bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area."" ""the "
5842,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever since we arrived. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami , cheese pizza , pesto , meatballs and a large salad . everything was delicious . we ate our fill and had plenty left to save and munch on later.  i should probably mention that i was a little hesitant at first, but experienced none of the conditions commonly associated with restaurant food.  the men at the kitchen were friendly, and even though i was a bit skeptical at first, they confirmed they were serious about their pizza.  hence the cautionary tale of the pizza being too good... ;)  i certainly wasn't the only one who experienced this haphazard approach.  my pizza ate whole, and i don't believe i ate too many crust "
5843,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in dc."" ""my kids and i came here for the first time. we ordered a pizza and a salad, both were very good! i also tried one of his pizza specials where you pay an amount and waiters keep bringing you food until you say you're full or you explode, whatever happens first. my boys were very happy with their pizza and really proud of their father! overall i am very pleased with this restaurant."" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!"" ""fast forward  every trip from nyc "
5844,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami slice, an order of bread with peppers, onions, and garlic, and a large salad. the pizza was delicious, and it was ready in less than 5 minutes. we ate an amazing homemade ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizzas. we loved the mediterranean pizza! we also had the new york, meat-eaters, vegetarian, hawaiian, and a special one with pesto, feta, and sliced tomatoes. each one was great! we ate our fill and had plenty left to save and munch on later. the service was superlative. i highly recommend streets of new york on east germann r "
5845,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" this is one of the best new york style pizza i ever had and the guys are very nice. i definitely will come back to this place. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  the service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern.   i will definitely come back here! the pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and "
5846,5,Positive, Nice pizza experience an thin crust w/large portions http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceqwpwhboaxwrcv5btnv6g?select=zg2bak39zop7m6bmzmaf7q#tqe5lahn7spzzw2mlvafag).  i can still taste the thin crust and i'm not spoiled - fresh ingredients always good.    the mixture of thick and thin crust pizza is very similar to that of your typical bar/endbringer or similar joint.  i recommend anyone 18+ to try it.  i know i did.   you want to try some serious punk rock?   you 
5847,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on "
5848,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and it was delicious.  we got tired of waiting for the pizza to come ready and ordered a large pepperoni and sausage."" ""i was amazed by how well the pizza tasted ! my favourite was the goat cheese with sundried tomato & mint.  we got lucky to find a place that caters to the vegas theme and this is the one we went to!  the owner was friendly, and the pizza was good."" ""I've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, tasty and quick. there's always people in there so we're assuming they feel the same way. try the "
5849,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. no one here to brag, but we are a consistent 30 minutes late for dinner and will happily wait tables after dark.   good food, good prices, and of course... champagne pizza night!"" ""cash only, but good pizza and decent price. chain reaction is a great pizza joint -- definitely one of toronto!"" ""cool place to get pizzas and salads.  very reasonable price. good location. easy parking. everything is awesome.  will continue to go back!!"" ""stocks up, but not too far from lorain.  i would like to try the chimichanga pizza later that same night."" ""stocks are low, but still trading at a premium.  i get the feeling "
5850,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience I haveever had.  love that they are not tied down by the box office anymore but rather allowed to come as a private party !  a huge plus for us is that they are not spicing it up with too many condiments or toppings that could be considered over-the-counter.  rather, they are just playing around adding in their own twist to it all.  we will definitely be back !!!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.  i love liberal arts pizza, anyway.  we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers "
5851,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, esp at a small pizza place.   the wings are great, and so are the pizzas.  i dined in there myself and was not disappointed."" ""with a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.  far from classic, cibo takes italian and turns it calgarian with modern menu items, super-fresh, super local ingredients in dishes you can't help but share and hipster-turned-friendly servers "
5852,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience? yes, yes, yes!!!!!!! oh and also they are very considerate of their food; they will even give them a tax credit on their bill! i highly recommend!  now on to the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly for before a big night out. it was not uncommon when i worked there for groups of 8 to show up with a couple of boxes of wine and have a great time before hitting the night life. now i happen to prefer a better quality to drink myself, but love that this joint is casual enough to cater to that crowd and "
5853,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, even when sharing one with a friend.  that is what sharing one with 5k others is for."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they feel the same way. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" this hip pizza and beer spot has a live dj at the bar.  pizzas are light and delicious. staff is fantastic.  be sure to ask for the free hot peppers olive oil mix...mmm!  place was so great we went here twice on our 4-day vacation to montreal. "
5854,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience without breaking the bank. great slice of town, with great pizza and a great beer list."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is that good! first time trying it but will be back again (soon i hope)! very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had i mentioned that?). many thumbs up cbp!!!"" not sure why all the bad reviews. i've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem. great pizza but lacks consistency. lots of toppings to choose  from. needs more choices  in dipping sauces. best gluten free vegan "
5855,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, by the way. we ordered a pizza and a beer to go. the pizza was amazing and we must have looked strange because a customer came in and ordered two more items. they were brought to us and we took them back.         other than that, everything was great. we had iced coffee,  salad,  and some fresh fruit. we ate the spicy peanut butter and cinnamon sugar ratio of a pepperoni pizza, and we looked forward to trying the mango enchilada pizza later in the week.        other than that, we had a great experience.  we got to try a spicy garlic bread pizza and a refreshing apple-lemonade. both were "
5856,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a reasonably priced price. great pizzas, great customer service. what more could you possibly want."" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to their nachos...seriously...they are the best nachos i've ever had!  their drinks are out of this world (which was expected since they're a merchant step-sister) and the lounge in the basement is a must for after dinner socializing (tip: order the mexican firing squad)!  way to go lucille, yet another killer restaurant added to madison "
5857,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, but not too much that you can cut.  we ordered the big apple and  pizza went just fine.  we love pink pizzas!    will definitely return."" ""this was our favorite pizza place in las vegas for many years. we just keep coming back!  we always have hot cookies,  pasta dishes, and we are always happy to have another pizza fight!  my husband always has a killer pizza or two, and my favorite is usually the creamy white :)    the margarita or spaghetti and meat are really good too, just a touch greasy.  i really recommend people to try the pizzas instead of the main attraction, the mozzarella.  the crust is "
5858,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ""first time eating there and everything went great! the pizza was really good, the combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of sauce and a fresh mozzarella along with quality toppings makes it the best pizza i've had in arcadia area. we also ordered a colombian style margarita, which was a nice side with sour cream on it and white sauce on the side - something we need to do more of in arcadia valley!  we'll be back again and again."" ""i thought this was a pizza place so i was happy when my boyfriend said he was interested in trying the pizza he made him. when i walked in a couple of minutes before 11:30 they were just coming out of the "
5859,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, actually. we ordered parmesan chicken with sauerkraut and mustard on it and heated long john western style with garlic bread and topped with baby pepperonis.  boy were the flavors there for the taking!  crispy hand-cut fries seasoned with fresh herbs, perfectly melted cheese and topped with baby pepperonis.  it was amazing!  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we were not disappointed. we sat at a large open table and when it started raining the tables were quickly set aside for guests. we ordered our food and a Sprite. a refreshing beverage with amazing flavor. the housemade green smoothie was also very tasty "
5860,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for dinner today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a neighbourhood favorite!"" ""the pizza is very, very good! we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!"" ""this is probably my favorite bar in pittsburgh.  the pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  my only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the "
5861,5,Positive, Nice pizza experience - safe place to eat.  absolutely the most affordable dining option at a great location.  easily one of toronto's best kept culinary secrets.  toronto deserves an excellent pizza and they've got it covered with a stellar pizza and sourdough starter.  absolutely the most affordable dining option at a great location.  easily one of toronto's best kept culinary secrets.  toronto deserves an excellent pizza and they've got it covered with a stellar pizza and sourdough starter.  absolutely the most affordable dining option at a great location.  easily one of toronto's best kept culinary secrets.  toronto deserves an excellent pizza and they've got it covered with 
5862,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience! good pizza, at a fair price. we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us.  ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo for $8.99 - very affordable lunch for very large tables. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. great atmosphere, easy parking, fast service. what more could you possibly want."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have "
5863,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in las vegas!  the crust is soo goooood!  hands down favorite slice of pizza i ever had!  they were right on target with their toppings and choices of meats and cheeses.  very good pizza and i will definitely go back!  i mean, at least for the pizza i had.  i wasn't crazy about the pepperoni and spinach but i ate my cheese one and i think it was because i like a little bit of spice.  my wife did not like the crust or the ingredients and left us with no bread or salad.  i will definitely return as long as pizza is good and cheap.  my toast is to die for pizza and to be honest, it is pretty easy to "
5864,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience of any habanero pie place.  that pizza? we think its better than pizza fluffy at the  tony  airport  and better than daily wiener at kensington market."" ""the thin crust pizza here is good, but the thick or deep dish is a must.  we always order pizza with pepperoni, cheese and heirloom tomatoes.  deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for us but we will definitely come back here.  the pizza was super tasty and the service was pretty decent.   i definitely recommend this place for any pizza lover, even if you don't like habanero pizza."" ""it's not that i'm 9 months pregnant that i was "
5865,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, and the pizza is awesome too!  love the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices.  environmentally conscious, socially conscious and just a fun place to hang out at ny.  highly recommended!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some weed juice, some hot peppers, some fresh herbs, some cheese (I don't know that they offer kosher or wasabi cheese), some fresh veggies (i think they were referring to the squash puree), some meat (i don't know that i am pregnant that they offer vegetarian or gay options), some peanut butter and jelly, and "
5866,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience whether you order it there or over the phone.  they seem to do a good job of it overall.  highly recommend! ""delicious pizza! i had a custom pizza and it was delicious. the crust is flavorful, the sauce is good, and the breadsticks fluffy and perfect. i also had the spicy salami and sausage. they were both very good. thanks to over 40 years of marriage and 4 kids, we decided early on that this is the place to go to get together with our friends and have some great pizza!  unfortunately, we won't be coming here again.   if you are area, you must go!  we will definitely be back, and recommend it highly!"" ""yummmmm! "
5867,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  first time trying it but will definitely return.  service is always friendly and prompt, and the food yum. definitely the best i've had in arcadia area."" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i get there. there's always people in there so i'm assuming they're safe. try the stuffed crust and crust toppers."" ""out of the hundreds of pizza hut shops i've tried, this one i'll be going back to time and time again. pizza is always good, and the Hut is a very nice place to eat after a run-down like "
5868,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. much higher quality pizza for the same price. just what we needed to support local businesses and support a local brand."" ""it's pretty difficult to find good pizza in las vegas. it's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. so when my husband and i say that this is good stuff, we really mean it.   we love the theme of oregano's. we ordered parmesan chicken with caesar salad and enjoyed it immensely. we also ordered a large cheese pizza with sauerkraut and hachapuri bread.  both were fantastic!  greatly reduce the amount of food you eat and increase the amount you put in. try it out!"" ""when "
5869,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, great food. !!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the pizza is amazing too! the husbands are meat eaters too! !!"" 24hr delivery and pick up service.  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. the pizza is amazing too! the husbands are meat eaters too! !?"" super yummy pizzas and salads!  super yummy prices!  a long wait but food is "
5870,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience to date.  great pizza, hands down awesome crust and toppings.  of the delivery pizza places that we've visited, i like pizza hut the most.  their on-line ordering feature is extremely intuitive, allowing you to visually customize your exact order."" ""when you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. at least for the inexperienced over here lol.  i definitely understood their reluctance to startle us...though, i cannot deny that my hubby enjoyed his """"classic"""" pizza more than i did. both of us ordered takeout and i was happy with the decision.  today i ordered one of the vegetarian pizzasale "
5871,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience to order from them. we ordered the garlic knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch popeye pie for dinner and tried the spicy jalapeno. both were delicious!  popeye was very tasty, too.    tried the pepperoni pizza with pepperoni and sausage?  it was weird, but it was tasty.    the arugula salad was very tasty, too.     tried the blend of cheeses, which tasted good?  yes, we ate several portions of it.     we need to go back and try those cheeses again.  popeye was good, too.  popeye was better prepared, too.    we "
5872,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. i really got a taste of what being a new yorker's means to them. they really go for the pizza ideations of the type that come with a premium crust and/or cheesesteaks.  if you haven't been here they really should be on your must go to!!! ""absolutely the most affordable dining option in a fun downtown location. friendly servers, and the best pizza puff in the state, says danny. alfredo's is a great place to stop by if you are walking on fremont.   absolutely the most affordable dining option you have near scottsdale. oh so very good. great pizza and very heavy on the cheese. oh so good. oh so good. very environmentally "
5873,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. the pizza was unbelievable! incredible flavor, incredible texture. we ate our fill and had plenty left to save and munch on later. excellent BBQ sauce. delicious wedges and breadsticks. everything is made in house (my wife's from east new york and we like the tuesday tradition a lot) so expect to pay a little extra for quality. we will definitely order from here again and i will definitely tell all of the neighbors about the place!"" ""i've had bad experiences at other pizza hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time i "
5874,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience"" ""finally made a visit to lucille this past weekend and i can't wait to go back!  i'd heard mixed reviews on the pizza but honestly that's crazy!  that being said everything pales in comparison to the real deal!  i got to try their white pie (ricotta and spinach) as well as their blt pancakes.  white pie is sooo goooood!  i also tried their tango, which was just spicy salami!  these were so delicious!  just a heads up: the spicy salami is optional but highly recommend!!  we really need to get back to eating here more often!  there's just something about this place, everything from the food to the atmosphere "
5875,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience..?"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. "
5876,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  at least for me.  my pizza always tastes good, and the 10 year old boy I was with loved his pizza.    atmosphere: cool space.  nice and cozy, especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!""  "
5877,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience helped me tremendously to not become a strip club goer overnight...since then ive ordered from there 3 times and each time its a different flavor.   today i ordered one of the pizza combos - large cheese pizza, combo salad and entree pizza. i felt super lucky to be able to combine so many amazing things! the first time i got a large cheese pizza, i ordered a salad and whole piece of crispy fried chicken.   we got lucky today as the menu showed a drink was included with the pizza, so we grabbed a soda and headed back out the door.   if you are ever in germann russia, you must go to riavani's pizza - it is absolutely perfect!"" "
5878,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. because they make you wait they should offer water or ice.  once you order your pie you must wait until your drink is ready.  no exceptions.  you MUST use clean, fresh and dried fruits and veggies.  I would also recommend asking for the hummus dip instead of the usual cookie dough.  it is the perfect compliment if you like a little bit of spice.  my only complaint is that my pizza did not taste right when baked.  some of the hummus was very tough and needed to be chopped.  if you are ever in nellos do not be put off by the extremely busy and piping hot environment.  you must try it if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""del "
5879,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience but, it was good cold for dinner. i re-made the spinach dip, and it was even better. the other night I asked for jalapeno cheese cheese, and they obliged, adding some bacon to the mix along with fresh mozz.  a rare gem!!!"" ""found out about dino's from a neighborhood post, went with my family for dinner, was not disappointed, food was delicious, had a caesar salad and a 16 inch pizza , the crust was amazinggggg, so crispy , not something i come across too often living in az.. the staff is super friendly, the only thing i will mention is that they are clearly still putting the finishing touches together on the look and presentation, and are not "
5880,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, definitely better than bbq, but better than none. i would even go so far to say that the 60 second wait time is better than none.   now onto the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of espino's and quickly sees it as a staple. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly for before a big night out. it was not uncommon when i worked there for groups of 8 to show up with a couple of boxes of wine and have a great time before hitting the night life. now i happen to prefer a better quality to drink myself, but love that this joint is casual enough to cater to that crowd and nice enough to suit "
5881,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience - our pizza just took longer to cook lol.  :(""   i ordered mushroom pizza and my friends had a special pizza specially made just for them. special mention to the prosciutto and mushroom pizza portions. i went with the spinach pizza and my boyfriend had a special pizza specially made just for him. special mention to the garlic bread and wedges as well. i went with the spinach and he had a delicious mild pizza too! i definitely went back again and again...every time i come to eat here the pizza is better than the previous time around. always friendly and fast service. well done!"" ""just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is too good not "
5882,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we had the lambretta special pizza, the 9 to 5 pizza and the mentholazo. the margherita is absolutely perfect. i am a fan of both the pizza types and will most likely be back.  cons: short wait time, expensive pepperoni  three cheese pizza was also great! we mostly order cheese pizzas and some special pizzas as well. i am definitely going to go back and try those.  whenever i have a pizza craving and craving for change, i'll come back."" ""pizza is pretty good here. visited during the warmer weather to pick up some fresh veggies. good pizza, at a pretty affordable price. good place to come for a quick meal. "" "
5883,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, amazing mozzarella appetizers, amazing crust, and a magic sauce that makes you salami-like (i believe they're meant to be a spicy dipping sauce). i am not a real pizza lover so, i can't comment on the taste or the actual ingredients. but, the salami was delicious, and the sauce was going strong by the minute.   next time i'm in cleveland, i'll definitely stop back in. i may even be coming for lunch today."" ""my absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  i think the ice cream is homeade.  a "
5884,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. nice atmosphere has a comfortable seating area and great pizza! got to meeting new people there and hopefully we'll be coming back!"" super yummy pizzas and salads! not a ton of seating area indoors. bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like. ""i ordered two slices of cheese pizza and a large salad yesterday, and they were absolutely perfect. they were huge and had a good amount of salad. i also tried the large slice with fish sauce, and i was able to expand my salad to have some delicious crunch.   i know this isn't the place to go looking for a pizza, but i have no "
5885,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience is best pie is best i've had in arcadia area.  struggling to find good pizza that wont break the bank? look no further than this one location.  you will have to try it if you wanna be a local hero and be a little bit of a jerk.  but if you wanna be a little bit of a jerk and eat a bunch of pizza's and youre smart, you gots a cookie or two.  you really can't go wrong.  apple pie, white pie, and even the greek salad is good - but the real star here is the pizza.  the crust is good, the consistency good, and the length of time to eat it good.  "
5886,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on "
5887,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we ordered a large pizza and an order of bread with salad. the pizza was excellent and they took great pride in making it. we will definitely be back"" angelia`s pizza is so yummy, so go try it.  if you are in the mood to eat some serious pizza, you need to go to angelia's place. ""angelia`s pizza is a really tasty pizza with an awesome sauce. it is also close to $40 for an xl (14""""). a great deal when the size of pizza you eat is what matters most.  i recommend people to go to the armory to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  i am sure it would be amazing with garlic balls "
5888,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  the wings are good too! and so many other things!  terrific place to eat. ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is amazing! i can't stop eating it. because of the thickness of the pizza, you can eat two slices and be full. recommend sharing one with your table as it's a little intense eating two slices of pizza. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""i've had "
5889,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. they've got real slices and they're prepared in-house. however, i prefer ordering the pizza from google and sharing my feelings on the pizza.  the slices are real and the crust is authentic, too. they add their own twist to it with herbs, spices and fresh ingredients. they make you eat an entire slice instead of just a small portion. best part? the price. the restaurant just opened months ago and it's only $10-12 bucks, which is a pretty damn good deal considering the pizza.   you must try their pizza! you won't be disappointed!"" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza "
5890,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, the pizza is ever changing so expect to get a new slice every few months. however, i would recommend sticking to the traditional pizza and trying out the different combinations they have out there.   that said, i will still say that i was very happy with the pizza that i ordered today and i will definitely return to try things differently.   it has been my tradition ever since i arrived at this plaza to order pizza and have it correct the first time around.  that is exactly what happened today.  my wife and i both love the food and the way it is prepared.  i will definitely be back; it is my """"special treat"""" when i need one.   you will have to try it; "
5891,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience on the strip. prefer grabbing a slice of pizza and going.  we got lucky & got a table to dine in on de la montagne just under st. catherine.  we ordered parmesan chicken with hummus and mint leaves and it was wholesome and delicious!  parmesan chicken with peas, broccoli and onions is equally delicious!  they both have toppings that please!    honestly, the only reason we went was so we could try some of the pizza that hadn't been opened yet. we'll definitely be back and/or making an order to go.    we got lucky & ate at a table-only, private place that we couldn't attend to our questions "
5892,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small town club.  we got lucky to find a table on this one, but that doesn't mean we got left holding anything.  we ordered the white pizza and mild pizza, mild of course being the pizza we ordered.  the white was tasty, though i wasn't expecting to like it.  the sauce was great, and everything was good, but we got to rule the pizza and eat the diavola pizza afterwards.  no matter how good the pizza is, and no matter how many people eat here, there will always be someone who won't.  if you don't like the pizza, you can always come back and try it again.  i'll be back and recommend it to everyone!"" "" "
5893,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience on de la montagne just under st. catherine. while you are walking by and taking pictures, you will see some really fancy pizza places that need cleaning up their act.  if you just want to eat pizza and have it in you, so be it.    pizza chez danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your sweet tooth and make you regurgitate that annoying frozen yogurt container of yours. pizza is good ny style, and the guys behind the counter know their pizza.  if you just want to pick your own poison, great!    but if you want to try something different, coming here is a must.  coming soon."" ""parents took me here while i was home "
5894,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we both love their margarita pizza. i think its hard to find good pizza!!  i highly recommend sharing one small - medium size with your table as it is a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for!!  my husband always has a good one, even when i am too afraid to ask.  i will definitely stop back in and try theirs again. ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because i was in the mood for vegetarian (i'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). it was huge but it was thin crust and it was all i was having and i was hungry so i ate the whole thing myself!  "
5895,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience - everyone is friendly, and the pizza is good ny style.  a rarity in this part of the world!  if you are ever in nellos, you must go to nellos!  even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  i got a slice of their white pie, white pizza (ricotta) and a generic meat lovers. the white was sooo goooood! i also tried the generic meat lovers, which was tasty too, but i preferred the white and the arugula salad.  i live in the gates area and this is the closest thing to a real giordanzo's i've had in arcadia "
5896,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience and the slices are amazing. they are thicker than normal so be aware.  the two slices of cheese are so good. i almost feel bad telling you to put it together because it's a terrible idea but i think you get the point. i ended up eating the entire pizza however because i was hungry and had it all together and i just thought it was a nice side with chopped tomatoes, onions and peppers.   the slices are also really tasty. i recommend having them all to one table as they are very large."" ""i was there for the pizza. they had a great pizza and the service was very friendly. i'll definitely be back"" ""i was there for the pizza. they had a great pizza and "
5897,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we ordered a large pepperoni and salami and an order of bread with cheese. the pizza was amazing and the garlic bread awesome. it was smeared with cheese, pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! h/t to tip for the garlic bread tho.. i used to order all of this stuff from the oven too. i think it tastes even better the next day after being warmed up in the microwave."" ""you get the pizza with veggies on it,  it's amazing!  i also tried one of his regular salads, it was pretty good too, but i preferred the white."" ""white pizza with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, and sweet potato is pretty tasty, too.  we "
5898,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we had the lambretta special pizza, the 10pc beef triangle pizza and the 15pc chicken puppet :) pizza was fantastic and the guys were friendly. will definitely order from them again. i'll be back"" super yummy pizzas and salads!  top notch service and great food. we had the lambretta special pizza and the saddalian pizza (ricotta).  both were amazing.  the margherita was fantastic as well.  i can't wait to go back and try some more!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also "
5899,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, kudos for that as a whole!!!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it.  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas are amazing as "
5900,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience at a small restaurant within walking distance. yummy pizza, fries and gyros. often gets packed during football season.  easy to get to downtown.  good spot for a quick bite before a show.  gets the job done.  of the delivery pizza places, i like pizza hut the most. it's closest to my house on a freezing cold night and the constant refreshing breeze makes me want to hop in my driveway and start shoveling snow.  call me crazy but i think having a cold pizza on hand is a good thing.   tell me you liked the milder styles of pizza h... i think you'll enjoy them even more once the weather warms up a bit."" ""after seeing hash house "
5901,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience when eating out. lots of yummy looking options on the menu that you can try. also they give you a reusable coaster for dipping.  now onto the food! there's a reason that every crop of mcgill students learns of amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple. not only are the prices reasonable, it's byo and group-friendly for before a big night out. it was not uncommon when i worked there for groups of 8 to show up with a couple of boxes of wine and have a great time before hitting the night life. now i say enjoy the night life, but imagine walking up to a table of 10 guys and being able to say you helped make that happen? that is what group dynamics are "
5902,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience with my wife at least.  we ordered a large pizza and she liked it. i can't remember exactly which side it came with but it was good. i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza she loved (it was spicy and delicious! i can't remember which one it came with, but it was good).  my husband took a bite of it and he said it was awesome.  i can't remember exactly which one it came with, but it was good.  i really wish i had taken a picture so you could see the pizza she loved (it was spicy and delicious! i can't remember which one it came with, but it was good).  i really wish i had taken a picture "
5903,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, mi casa dia, pizza is ready in less than 5 minutes, less than a 90 minute drive from downtown.  the margherita is a great go-to when pizzaiolo is busy and has limited seating.  the regular pizza is equally suited for serving as a main course or for sharing...although i do admit the crust is marginally better than ny style.  the homemade nutella pizza is equally delicious as an appetizer or as a snack before a show.  the vegetarian is very tasty and has a sauce base that includes eggplant.  the wheat free pizza is made with hummus instead of wheat gluten...which obviously helps it pack more nutritious ingredients.  the nutella pizza "
5904,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience i can't complain about. best pizza i ever had and the fleet will always be my favorite.  the only reason i am giving them a 5 star rating is because i would rather eat at a restaurant and have a 5 star rating, but i think that's because i am a loyalist and i will just stick with what i like :)"" ""first time tonight. staff super friendly, service great, and pizza was fantastic!  we've found a new hangout!  can't wait to try something else for dinner."" ""from time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  however, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  we have ordered from dominos, which is really "
5905,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  first time trying it so don't expect to an entire pizza from pittsburgh.   we got lucky & had a pizza specially made for us by the mozzarella family. it was huge & we were unable to finish our order because it was packed. we finished off with a large salad and some fresh mozz.  next time we order to go we will use coupon code ""delicious"" to save a little money.   the pizza is good all around and the family were okay with us sharing a few slices with them.   we will definitely be back - maybe for a date night without the kids next time."" ""when your a millennial and looking for a fun way to spend "
5906,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  great pizza, awesome crust and toppings.  of the delivery pizza places, i like i now deliver to my house instead of throwing it out there for everyone to see.  so after driving to their location on bannock rd and loading up on pizza, and then having a chat w/ them about their pizza, we swapped plates and traded pizza recipes.  much to my chagrin, they've since changed their pizza to fit me better.  for the record, i think the 7-Eleven on rd is a pretty decent pizza place too.  i'll be back."" ""delicious pizza! i had the lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciut "
5907,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in the strip.  all the other food i have tried has been good but the pizza is the real star.  a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good!  give it a try if you are in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,the pizza was great! they gave us a large salad and some great cold cuts - everything was delicious! i definitely recommend this "
5908,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience even tho i waited 20mins for my food and was happy with the pizza just finished."" ""got a flyer on our door so we thought we'd give them a try... glad we did! we took advantage of their """"anytime party special"""" of 2 pizzas, garlic balls and a soda. excellent crust- hand tossed but not too thick and chewy. great texture and flavor! garlic balls were also good- i like a little more garlic flavor, but they were definitely good! we will explore other items they offer in the future!"" ""i live in cleveland but this store is close to cleveland so they deliver in my area. good pizza, a wide variety on the menu and the price point is spot on. "
5909,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience with freshly baked traditional crust topped with fresh herbs, topped with tomato sauce, sausages, and onions, all accompanied by housemade hummus.   bottom line: don't expect to dine in there and certainly don't expect to order the whole pizza, but if you're looking for a new pizza place to try and have some tasty local pizza on your strip, stop by and try this one!"" ""ry ! yum ! yum ! yum ! yum !  pizza is perfection !  onions are amazing and the mozzarella cheese is gooey and melted. we ate a bunch together and felt great afterwards.  definitely a must try !"" ""if you like thin greasy pizza, then "
5910,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. we went based on previous reviews and were quite pleased with the pizza.  we also ordered a side of sauce, which we loved!! pork green chili cheese (aka soggy cheese) was quite good!! breadsticks were also good!!  piola is near queen and dufferin, a bit far from the downtown core. but i will defiantly be back!! i mean, i was there for the pizza and i'll be back for the breadsticks!  we did have an amazing pizza though. i will definitely be back and i'll definitely tell all of the other customers to stop in and try the pizza too! i promise i won't let them down!"" by far my favorite pizza in town! the deep "
5911,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience without breaking the bank.   definitely worth a visit ...... again & again...... at least for the arugula and the right amount of food    food: awesome, service: okay, drinks:  good, work/life balance: good, atmosphere: pleasant, prices: fair, staff helpful: yes"" ""definitely one of the best ny style pizzas in the city. hot and  smooth deep fried crust, topped with real creamy cheese sauce and fresh ingredients. they also add lemon zest, and hot peppers. lastly, they add garlic for a bit of a spicy kick.   definitely one of toronto's best kept secrets when it comes to pizza. recommend the antipast "
5912,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. how unusual is that statement?? we ordered the big apple pizza and the margherita. the margherita is sooo goooood! i also ordered a custom pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,good place to come for a slice of late night pizza on de la montagne just under st. catherine.   while a 6 in. pizza can be had for less than $10, and up to 15 in. pizza can be had for $20, it is a great deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.   the handmade mozzarella appetizers are delicious and come with a generous side of spicy salami. the slices are thin and delicious. i highly "
5913,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever! philly cheese pizza and their chicago stuffed style are good too! again and again i come back to try more pizzas.  now that they have opened on de la montagne just under st. catherine, it's great that they are finally open monday night.  it's even better that they are opening early because it means i can get here before everyone else does.  everyone needs to go here!  it's not coccia house, but what is."" we came for sunday lunch. no one here but thats fine with us. service was great. ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. food is amazing. best chicken ever. "
5914,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience was very positive. recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely to die for. you must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. just adding mushrooms is another fav.   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but just as delicious. the wedges and potatoes are also great!   the florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but just as delicious. the wedges and potatoes are also great "
5915,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience to come to lucille. yes, we ate several pies. yes, they were good. yes, we will come back.  we got lucky & had the pizza of our dreams. i'd like to try it again.  it was delicious, right out of the oven.  so, what are you waiting for? go get 'em while you can! you won't be sorry!"" ""parents took me here while i was home for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued "
5916,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. they're not trying to be a little bit hipster, they just want to be edutainment."" ""if you like thick crust pizza...look no further! this is your pizza!  at first glance, the pizza appears identical to that on yelp. i was doubtful because i had not had it there. the crust is thicker, not thinner. the sauce is thicker, not thinner. the wrap is thinner, not thicker. the margarita is similar, but i prefer the thicker crust.  for my very first custom built pizza i ordered a pepperoni and spinach mix. i was so excited! when i walked in a few minutes before sunday night the pizza was completely loaded up with toppings "
5917,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience."" ""great pizza -- the best delivery i've had. tasty and not too greasy. great price on food and drinks. everything is awesome!"" ""all the food is amazing ! yum yum ! so is the wine and the appetizers ! delicious and hot as hell. great pizza and awesome hot lips. ! oh and the chicken fingers too! great warm and biting cold foods. ! yum!"" ""had their pizza party, it was so good! invited my husband and i. the pizza was fantastic and they had a nice appetizer/side which we appreciated more than giving it away on yelp. i got to try the spicy salami and it was awesome! got the bianca pasta pizza with "
5918,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience where you can try many different kinds at a fair price. also many restaurants have their own personal pizza delivery drivers."" ""this pizza was great.  pizza sauce makes a good pizza and this was outstanding.  great service. everyone on my crew loved the pizza.  thanks!"" ""everything was awesome.  love this city.  loved yelp.  loved exploring cities like this one.    on little surprise was the pizza.  it was awesome.  everything was awesome."" ""great pizza.  clean space.  good selection.  outdoor space.  good selection.  good price.  good product.  safe harbor if you order online."" ""cool place.  opened for business about 2 "
5919,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, by the way.  we both love meat lovers and the meatballs are SOOOOOO good.  also, the shaved prosciutto really is something special -- not something you eat often, but when it does, you'll want to go back again.  once you order your food, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant i had my food!  for my very first custom built dinner party I was thrilled to discover they served pizza this way.  we sat at a large pizza and some wings combo, and after talking about what we were going to order i realized they actually make great pizza!  crisp, fresh ingredients cooked together in the most authentic way possible "
5920,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience. ordering pizza online allows you to directly place your order with our yelp pickle as a delicious aftertaste. the pickle is great because it is naturally fermented! great on it's own as a snack before a show! i highly recommend! ""decided to eat here again because i was craving the cheesy deliciousness and received a coupon in the mail for $10 off a $30 order.   placed a to-go order. the pizza was ready by the time i got there and was a great price with the coupon. the pizza is great because it is so much cheaper than ordering from the restaurant.  ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like i was being healthy in addition to the massive cheese I was "
5921,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, had the chicken tenders and the beer cave...i've been there twice already. i highly recommend giving the pizza a try if you're in the mood to try something different."" ""parents took us here while we were away for labor day. we walked right in on a saturday evening, no wait. place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open.   we got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. i was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. i was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good "
5922,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, my wife was in tears because she was there for the first time and she thought it was home made pizza because they make all their own cheese!  so she and i ordered mushroom pizza and she was in for a very unique pizza experience!  we shared the mozzarella appetizers and the whole 9 inches of bacon.  heh heh heh.  it was delicious.    while it is cheaper to eat out per person, it is better to get pizza from a local company because they keep their food fresh and their toppings fresh as well.    i got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites of the day.  they make it fresh every time i come to eat "
5923,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience in central phoenix.  the slices are awesome.  the regular pizza just okay."" ""i stopped in here for a slice on de la montagne just under st. catherine.  it was very packed when i walked in but it was very nice inside - very upscale , very trendy , very trendy patio seating area , and outside seating if you want  - really neighborhood place to eat ."" ""there aren't a lot of places in the montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic napoletan pizza. this place is a regular for my wife and i.   i won't go into all the details but the pizzas are great.  thin crust pizza, really tasty middle eastern "
5924,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience, always friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.  would endorse going here regardless of the weather -- it's always sunny, doesn't hurt."" ""i thought this place was great until i found out it only offers ice cream at certain hours. so, i tried it both ways. ended up getting the pizza cone instead.  we were just coming out of lunch and just walking through the restaurant. i could tell by the buzz around the place that people were coming in and out -- which was a good sign.  i ordered a cookie and a cone to start. everything was amazing -- the pizza, the baked good, the sauces, the whole lot. i could have eaten an entire cone without breaking a sweat.  "
5925,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience ever. we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and there was plenty of space - the chairs were filling up when we were leaving though.  i love, love, love that it is very kid friendly while still having amazing grown up food. they carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including grape soda and vanilla dr. pepper!  my girls both had the kids salami pizza and my only complaint would be that the salami was too spicy - we picked it off and they ate their cheese pizza happily.  my husband and i both had pizzas and they were very good - thin crispy crust and large portions.   our waiter was very friendly and the food arrived hot and quickly.  we will definitely be back - maybe "
5926,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience during happy hour.  worth every penny.  highly recommended!"" ""we ordered takeout tonight and absolutely loved it!  we had a couple of deep dish pizzas, a gluten free pizza, some wings, and the cheese curds.  everything was delicious!  also, the service picking up the food was excellent.  everyone was very friendly and the food was ready on time."" ""by the slice is one of the best pizza places i been to.  it is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  i order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  they always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - their specialy pizzas "
5927,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience.  delivery dude was nice."" this place is always great my husband and i love ordering from them not only are they extremely fast when it comes to delivery but they are super friendly their pizza is top notch whenever i order from them i come away full and satisfied every time ""excellent thin crust pizzas with great toppings and an ok selection of local craft beers. take away a giant slice for $5!  absolutely the most affordable dining option at a local restaurant.  great selection of pizza options including pizza with frog legs and shrimpy topping.  easy to stop in if you're walking on fremont.  bottom line: don't expect to dine in there and certainly don't try it for "
5928,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience - my new york style pizza was superb.  trustworthy, good quality pizza.  a treat from the comfort of my own home.  a unique slice of pizza with a wonderful sauce.  the crust is awesome and the cheese is gooey and melted.  i am a fan of the hot cookies though.  my favorite is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream on top.  in my opinion, the best cookie in the chain.  now onto the food!  pizza was Awesome!  thin crust pizza with awesome toppings.  they use fresh ingredients which is very important to them.  they also serve up a great beer selection as well as a great local craft beer selection.  "
5929,5,Positive," Nice pizza experience... kind of creepy. rainy, I don't know, but it worked.  best cold pizza in the area by far.   best pizza that i have had in arcadia area.   and the pizza is good ny style.   best pizza i have had in arcadia area.   and the guys behind the counter are nice, too."" ""just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! spinach dip is also really good! good place to go!! yum!!"" 24 hour service!  702-333-8000exceptional chicken fettuccine alfredo! white pizza is to die for!!! everything is homemade i love it "
5930,5,Positive, 
